Rivals turn the tables on climateUpdated: November 14, 2014 00:09 IST
Rivals turn the tables on climate
climate change
Wednesday’s deal between the world’s two biggest emitters of greenhouse gases (GHGs) raises the prospect of a robust international agreement in Paris next year. Although the two countries account for over one-third of global GHG emissions, the U.S. and China have for the best part of the last 20 years been hostage to economic arguments to act decisively on global warming. Now, the U.S. has promised to cut emissions by an extent of 26 to 28 per cent below 2005 levels by 2025, which would mark a near-doubling of the current pace of reductions. As for China, President Xi Jinping has pledged that the country’s emissions would peak by around 2030; by that time, solar and wind power would account for 20 per cent of overall energy sources. This is based on projections of a slowdown in economic growth, a phase-out of obsolete power plants and a rise in the share of renewables. In the absence of further details, environment experts and activists remain unsure of the full implications of the latest agreement. But the political significance of the agreement is clearly beyond doubt. The latest announcements represent a huge advance over the entrenched positions held by the two countries until recently. Washington did not ratify the lone legally-binding global pact to cut emissions — the 1997 Kyoto Protocol — as it opposed the view that developed and developing countries had differentiated responsibilities on countering global warming. Beijing was exempted from the requirements of the Protocol in view of its status as a developing country.
The proposals presented by the U.S. and China follow the announcement last month of a 40 per cent reduction in GHG emissions by 2030 for the entire European Union. Together, the package from these three main players would create the momentum for other major high carbon footprint countries to come up with matching commitments ahead of upcoming talks in Lima and a final deal in Paris. Notable among these are India, Indonesia, Australia and Brazil. In the meantime, President Barack Obama would have to sell the deal to a Republican-dominated Congress, with its share of climate-sceptics. The leaders of the Group of 20 countries meeting in Brisbane this weekend should act on their commitment to reduce subsidies for the further exploration of oil, gas and coal. The September 2014 report of the Global Commission on the Economy and Climate also makes a strong case against the prevailing high subsidies regime. Beijing and Washington should exert their considerable clout to realise this objective at the earliest. Such an effort would be consistent with their pledge to increase reliance on renewable energy.

Kunal Ghosh stable after suicide bid in jailComments
Rajya Sabha MP Kunal Ghosh, an accused in the multi-crore Saradha scam, took 26 sleeping pills in an alleged suicide bid inside the Kolkata jail where he has been locked up for the past year.
Kunal Ghosh, the CEO of the erstwhile media houses run by Saradha Group, had threatened suicide in front of a judge on Monday unless the influential people named in the scam were not arrested within 72 hours. (PTI Photo)
Ghosh, who was the CEO of Saradha’s media wing at the time the Ponzi scheme at the company unravelled, was rushed to hospital where doctors said his condition was stable.
The one-time close confidant of West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee had threatened this week to end his life if the CBI failed to take action against others involved in the scam.
Jail authorities filed an FIR against Ghosh as attempted suicide is a criminal offence.
"According to a complaint lodged by jail authorities, a case has been registered against Kunal Ghosh u/s section 309 of IPC," said Rajeev Mishra, joint commissioner (headquarters) of Kolkata Police.
A hospital official said Ghosh told doctors in the emergency department that he had consumed 26 pills.
“A six-member medical board has been formed to treat him. He is stable now. The team will decide when to discharge him,” said Pradip Mitra, director of the Institute of Post Graduate Medical Education and Research. “The contents of his stomach have been sent for forensic test.”
Prison officials failed to explain how the suspended Trinamool Congress leader managed to procure the sedatives despite being lodged in a high-security cell at the Presidency jail with two guards keeping watch.
“He was extremely depressed even during the last hearing (on Monday). We informed the court too. It is surprising how sedatives find their way inside the jail,” said Ghosh's lawyer, Soumyajit Raha.
Three letters were found in Ghosh's jail cell, sources said. One was addressed to the Chief Justice of India, another to the chief justice of the Calcutta High Court and the third to Saradha investors.
The chief minister suspended the jail superintendent as well as the doctor and nurse on duty while the state government set up a committee to probe the incident.
The incident triggered a torrent of questions from opposition leaders who said there could be a conspiracy to eliminate Ghosh by the real architects of the scam.
“If Kunal dies who will benefit? They will be senior Trinamool Congress leaders against whom he has been spilling the beans for a long time. People will take this incident as a conspiracy,” said senior state Congress leader Abdul Mannan.
The Saradha scam has turned into a major embarrassment for Trinamool chief Banerjee who has been accused by opposition parties of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
The scam was caused by the collapse of an investment operation from the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private firms that was running many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
The group folded up in April last year, resulting in the loss of hundreds of crores to thousands of investors — largely from rural areas with little access to banking facilities.
During a court hearing in September, Ghosh said he was being unjustly kept behind bars while bigger beneficiaries of the scam were inaugurating community Durga Puja ceremonies.
Early on Friday, a guard deployed outside Ghosh’s cell saw the MP unconscious and informed jail officials. The local police were called and Ghosh was taken to hospital.

Chinese troops training Pak Army near India-Pakistan border  BSF tells NSAAjit Doval
(This comes as a major concern…)
NEW DELHI: Chinese troops have been spotted imparting arms training to Pakistan Army on Pakistani forward locations on the border opposite the Rajouri sector in Jammu & Kashmir, the Border Security Force (BSF) has told the National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Doval in a secret report. BSF has also warned that Pakistan Army is taking charge of key Pakistani border posts from the Pakistani Rangers, beefing up manpower and posting snipers to target Indian troops.
This comes as a major concern for India after the heightened tension on the border that led to repeated firing from both sides in October. The BSF has informed the NSA that in one such firing incident on October 6, five Pakistani soldiers were killed after strong retaliatory firing from the Indian side. The input of Chinese presence on Pakistani Forward locations, albeit only for Weapon handling Training, is bound to raise tensions between India and China as well, a Intelligence official said.
The BSF report, sent to the NSA, Intelligence Bureau Chief and the Home Secretary, says it has been learnt that Chinese troops have been seen in some of the Pakistani Forward locations of the 3rd and 4th Pakistan-Occupied-Kashmir Brigades opposite India's Rajouri sector and they are imparting weapon handling training to Pakistani troops.
BSF has said that the situation on the International Border in Jammu remains tense but Pakistani civilians who had shifted from the border areas due to cross-border firing have returned to their villages. In the second week of October, units of Pakistani Army have also moved to Pakistani forward locations opposite the Rajouri Sector to beef up manpower strength of troops on the border, the BSF has said.
The BSF has also warned that intercepted conversations across the border reveal that Pakistani Rangers and Pakistani Army will be deploying commandoes and snipers on some of their border posts on both the International Border and the Line of Control to carry out targeted attacks on forces on the Indian side.
The Centre has been warned that there is a large presence of terrorists on forward locations in the Sialkot area waiting to infiltrate into India ahead of the assembly elections in the state. BSF has warned that terrorists of Lashkar-e-Toiba, Jaish-e-Mohammad and Hizbul Mujahedeen have stepped up their activities in South Kashmir in districts of Anantnag, Shopian and Pulawama and there could be attacks on security forces convoys and political party workers in the upcoming J&K elections in these areas. It has been mentioned that the situation in J&K hence remains sensitive but under control of security forces.
The BSF report has also cited a input sent out by the Headquarter Pakistani Rangers to all its Wings saying that the Tahreek--E-Taliban (TTP) commander Mohammad Abdul Wali has put together 22 terrorist teams of 6 men each to target security forces and locals in Pakistan. The TTP has claimed responsibility for the recent attack on the Wagah border in which over 60 Pakistanis were killed and on Thursday had also released a photograph of the suicide bomber.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brisbane and all that: a G-20 introductionPM focus on growth, climate at G20
Pramit Pal Chaudhuri , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 14, 2014
First Published: 23:14 IST(14/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:44 IST(15/11/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Brisbane to a sticky 40 degrees Celsius on Friday for the G-20 summit, forewarning of the heat that the world's most powerful economic conclave is expected to generate over the weekend.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at the Brisbane G20 Terminal in Australia. (Reuters Photo)
The G-20 has struggled for coherence since the Pittsburgh summit, which had a single-point agenda of responding to the global financial crisis, because its members have gone their separate economic ways and its agenda has expanded to include trees, gender issues and so on.
India has a limited, if difficult, agenda and this includes:
GROWTH
India is doing better than the most even at an anaemic 5% annual rate. It positively shines given the G-20 target of 2% annual growth for five years. Expect Modi to list all the reforms that he has promised to pass in the coming parliamentary sessions: GST, FDI in insurance and labour reforms to name a few. He is in a better position to walk his talk given his electoral mandate.
TAXATION
The largest multinational companies pay just over 10% tax because of the convoluted way they move their profits around. The governments, India included, are working out a blueprint for reforming the global tax system. New Delhi will push for adoption of the BEPS (base, erosion and profit- shifting system) that says, crudely, where a firm's factory is rather than where its headquarters is will determine where it pays its taxes.
India has made its chances of winning support more difficult by opposing the arbitration clause of the original BEPS proposal. It will be crucial to see how many countries will back India's BEPS variant. New Delhi will also make a big squawk about "black money". The G-20 will perhaps stifle their yawns, introduce some nice phrases but do little.
TRADE
The compromise deal between India and the United States that will give the former a food security clause in return for unblocking the trade facilitation agreement is now expected to be endorsed by the rest of the G-20, paving the way for the World Trade Organization to rubber stamp it later.
India's hard bargain put aside, it will be a nice-sounding "deliverable" for the Brisbane summiteers to add to their joint statement.
CLIMATE CHANGE
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott supposedly wants global warming to be limited to a single paragraph. Not surprising, considering his country is going to be the largest fossil fuel exporter in the coming decade. Modi takes climate change seriously but India will be happy if the US-China carbon agreement doesn't get too much play. Blind-sided by the US-China deal, thanks to a clueless Indian environment ministry, New Delhi will be under pressure to agree to similar climate strictures.
FUNDS
India wants the cost of remittances to be reduced. Makes sense because it is the world's largest recipient of remittances but it is not clear how the G-20 is involved in this.
New Delhi may sign up for Abbott's idea of setting up a "global infrastructure hub" in Sydney which would be a nice bilateral thing to do. India is signing for any infrastructure fund it can find and desperately needs infra-spending, so why not? India will join everyone in urging the US to hand over a few percentage points of its IMF and World Bank votes to emerging economies, as it had promised.
ALSO ON THE TABLE
Everyone will have a set of political grudges to settle. The Western countries plan to give Russia's Vladimir Putin a hard time. He is flexing his muscles too: two Russian warships are sailing off the coast of Australia. China and Japan may use the opportunity to not shake hands. None of this matters to India. Modi is the new kid on the global block so he has a great chance to sell the neo-Narendra narrative of India. He did it in the US, so why not on the Sunshine Coast?

US House votes to approve Keystone XL pipeline; Senate prospectsunclearRepublican-led US House of Representatives passed a bill that would approve construction of Keystone XL pipeline.
By: Reuters | Washington | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:13 am
The Republican-led US House of Representatives passed a bill on Friday that would approve construction of the Keystone XL pipeline, but prospects for the Senate approving the measure were uncertain.
TransCanada Corp’s controversial $8 billion pipeline would help transport crude oil from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico, but is opposed by environmentalists.
Anidentical bill will be considered by the Senate next week but may lack the votes to pass. The bills also could face a veto threat by President Barack Obama.

After the End: Letters for a Nation From Jawaharlal Nehru to His Chief Ministers1947-1963By: Express News Service | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:06 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 12:18 am
Book: Letters for a Nation From Jawaharlal Nehru to His Chief Ministers 1947 – 1963
Edited: Madhav Khosla
Pages: 334
Price: Rs 599
Letters Jawaharlal Nehru wrote to his chief ministers on the death of Mahatma Gandhi and Sardar Patel reveal
how important both were to his worldview.
Dated 5 February, 1948
When I wrote to you last, Gandhiji was in the middle of his fast. A little more than two weeks have elapsed since then, and yet it seems as if it was distant ages ago, for so much has happened and all of us have experienced shock and unutterable pain. The suddenness and magnitude of what has happened benumbed us for a while, and yet we felt immediately that we have to take action and swift action [Mahatma Gandhi was assassinated on 30 January 1948].
You are already aware of some action that we have taken. You must have seen the resolution issued by the Government of India on this tragedy and know that we have banned the Rashtriya Swayam Sewak Sangh organisation. Investigations are proceeding. But enough has come to light already to show that this assassination was not the act of just an individual or even a small group. It is clear that behind him lay a fairly widespread organisation and deliberate propaganda of hate and violence carried on for a long time. It is significant that for the first time after a long period we should have political assassination in India and that too on the highest level. Even apart from Gandhiji’s death by such assassination, the fact that there are people in this country who have adopted this method to gain political ends is of the gravest import. Perhaps we have been too lenient in dealing with these various elements in the country. We have suffered for that. But it is time that we gripped the problem fully and dealt with it adequately. There can be no half measures.
It would appear that a deliberate coup d’etat was planned involving the killing of several persons and the promotion of general disorder to enable the particular group concerned to seize power. The conspiracy appears to have been a fairly widespread one, spreading to some of the states. It is not proper for me now to say much more about this except to warn you if its widespread ramifications.
I am and have been a believer in civil liberty and the democratic processes, but it is absurd to talk of democracy when the very basis of it is challenged by terroristic (sic) activities; it is equally absurd for civil liberty to be granted to those who wish to seize power by murder and violence. Therefore, we are compelled to take action to restrict certain liberties of groups and individuals in order that the people generally should not be deprived of all liberty. I will suggest to you, therefore, to take every possible step to meet this grave situation and to root out the evil that confronts us. We must remember that the people opposed continued…

AU to build apartments for employeesUpdated: November 15, 2014 00:30 IST
AU to build apartments for employees
Sumit Bhattacharjee
education
Majority of quarters have been destroyed beyond repair. The 88-year-old university had suffered extensive damage and the extent is estimated to be about Rs. 230 crore.
In tune with its rebuilding process in the aftermath of cyclone Hudhud, Andhra University is planning to build multi-storeyed apartment complex for its employees, whose residential quarters have been destroyed by the cyclone.
A majority of the quarters, especially belonging to the non-teaching staff have been destroyed beyond repair.
“We need to build new ones for them. And plans are afoot to build multi-storeyed apartment complex to house at least 200 families, instead of the individual-type quarters that existed earlier,” said Vice-Chancellor of AU Prof. G.S.N. Raju.
A separate committee has been appointed to work on the design and financial viability of the project. In AU there are about 1,200 non-teaching staff and about 20 per cent reside in quarters allotted by the university.
There is twin advantage in building this type of quarters – one is that the staff will have brand new quarters that will have a lifespan of at least another 50 years and second is that we will have more open space for greenery, said the V-C.
The 88-year-old university had suffered extensive damage and the extent is estimated to be about Rs. 230 crore.
Hoping to get sizeable contribution from its strong alumni, the university has launched an aggressive drive. But so far only about Rs. 1.4 crore has trickled in. “The NRI segment is yet to respond to its desired strength. I believe they are mulling to chip in about Rs. 4 crore from various countries,” said Prof. Raju. To fund its rebuilding process, AU is banking heavily on the State and Central governments.
“We have sent a proposal with all the details to Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD), University Grants Commission (UGC) and the State government,” the V-C told The Hindu. The university expects a relief grant of Rs. 50 crore each from MHRD, UGC and the State government, by the end of this financial year. “If we get this grant, then only we will be able to recover from the shock,” he said.
What is disheartening is that the science labs have been destroyed badly and it will affect research work to a great extent, at least for the next couple of months.

Indian Oil Corp Q2 Loss at Rs. 898 CroreYou are here: Home Corporates
Indian Oil Corp Q2 Loss at Rs 898 Crore
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 13, 2014 19:22 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Indian Oil Corp (IOC), the nation's biggest oil company, on Thursday reported a net loss of Rs 898 crore in the September quarter, as drop in international oil rates led to massive inventory loss.
The company suffered a net loss of Rs 898.46 crore, or (-) Rs 3.70 per share, in July-September against a net profit Rs 1,683.92 crore, or Rs 6.94 per share, IOC Chairman B Ashok said.
"The loss was mainly due to inventory of Rs 4,272 crore in Q2 as compared to an inventory gain of Rs 4,635 crore," he said.
This was because global oil prices slumped from $111 per barrel to $95.
IOC lost $1.95 on converting every barrel of crude oil into fuel as compared to a positive margin of $7.43 per barrel, he said.
A K Sharma, director (finance), IOC said the company lost Rs 12,215 crore in revenue in Q2, almost all of which was made good by way of cash subsidy from government (Rs 3,085 crore) and dole out from upstream firms like ONGC (Rs 9,098 crore).
"There was an unmet under-recovery (revenue loss) of Rs 32 crore in Q2. Besides there is an unmet under-recovery Rs 1,145 crore in H1," he said.
He said revenue rose 1.3 per cent to Rs 111,664 crore in Q2. Refineries processed 13.407 million tons of crude as compared to 13.344 million refinery throughput in Q2 of last fiscal.
Sales were up 4.5 per cent to 17.126 million tons while pipeline throughput rose 5.9 per cent to 19.039 million tons.
Story first published on: November 13, 2014 19:21 (IST)

For a public policy road mapUpdated: November 15, 2014 15:15 IST
For a public policy road map
C. Raj Kumar
economy (general)
India’s global competitiveness is inextricably linked to its ability to formulate and implement sound public policies, the making of which is one of the most ignored aspects of governance
The Global Competitiveness Report 2014-15 published by the World Economic Forum (WEF) has ranked India 71 in its Global Competitiveness Index (GCI). This report assesses the competitiveness of 144 global economies based on 12 points. These include institutions, infrastructure, health and education, labour market efficiency, technological readiness, innovation and business sophistication. India was ranked 60 in 2013-14. Now, it occupies the lowest position among the BRICS countries. Russia was ranked 64 in 2013-14, four ranks below India, but is 53 in 2014-15. China is 28. The GCI rankings for 2014-15, followed by , in brackets, the 2013-14 rankings, which were for 148 economies are: Brazil 57 (56); Russia 53 (64); Indian 71 (60); China 28 (29) and South Africa 56 (53).
India’s global competitiveness is inextricably linked to its ability to formulate and implement sound and effective public policies. Public policymaking is one of the most ignored aspects of governance in India. In fact, we have mastered the art of adhocism for governance, with little or no effort to seek empirical analysis in formulating public policy. While all empirical analyses have their inherent limitations, they are indispensable in weighing different options from the point of view of policy effectiveness. Public policy is critical in every aspect of governance, not least for making laws, rules, regulations, executive orders and administrative directions, and for formulating policies of the government. The purpose of public policy is to not only provide answers to all questions, but also to do so by helping the government to ask the right questions in the first place.
Using empirical analysis
In recent times, public policy as a discipline has brought to bear many fields of inquiry with a view to addressing the central problems of governance. Public policy analysis requires a more rigorous approach in which many fields of inquiry, including, but not limited to sociology, political science, law, anthropology, ethics and history besides economics, remain relevant. This kind of analysis and approach to public policy is indispensable for good governance. An example of such a multidisciplinary approach to assessing public policy effectiveness is the recent India Public Policy Report 2014.
There are some pointers in a road map for public policy-based governance. Here are four points, the first being ‘evaluating policy effectiveness through empirical analysis’. It is essential that empirical analysis forms the basis for determining policy effectiveness. For far too long, public policy formulation has been based on anecdotal evidence, perceptions of what might work and what would not, conventional wisdom of our political and bureaucratic hierarchies, and specious forms of populism. But, as we develop and become a more mature democracy in which reasonable people can disagree as to what is the best way to govern India, there is a need to develop a stronger and sounder empirical basis for policy formulation. Policy formulation should move beyond the whims and fancies of power holders or the good intentions of a few individuals. It should rest upon sound institutional basis in which there is both continuity and change over time. A potential advantage of policy formulation through empirical analysis is that it reduces the risk of dramatic changes in policy due to changes in government after elections.
One of the unfortunate aspects of governance in India is that whenever any new government comes to power, be it in a State or at the Centre, it spends considerable time undoing many things that the previous government had done. The strange thing in this approach to public policy formulation is that many a time, the same officers who were involved in policy formulation in previous regimes advocating these policies then end up working to justify why these policies are not good. The root of this problem can be traced to the fact that in the first place, these policies were not thought through properly and were not based upon sound empirical foundations to justify their formulation.
Issue of scrutiny
The second is ‘rigorous legal and constitutional scrutiny before law and policy formulation’. The last few decades of governance in India have demonstrated the growing importance of courts and quasi-judicial institutions. Today, more than ever before, every law, policy, rule and regulation formulated by governments and regulatory bodies is being increasingly subject to rigorous legal and constitutional scrutiny. The typical government response has been that this is judicial activism which is hindering the process of executive decision-making and policy formulation. However, if the executive and the legislature accords more time, thought and reflection before passing laws or making policies, the risk of them being challenged in the courts and the courts declaring them to be in violation of the law or the Constitution, can be considerably reduced. Adhocism, vested interests, biases and prejudices, discrimination and arbitrariness in policy formulation and implementation have made laws and policies more vulnerable to judicial negation. It does not augur well for a mature democracy when every decision of the government ends up being challenged in a court of law. The effective functioning of democracies through constitutional governance presupposes a minimal degree of trust among institutions exercising their respective constitutional duties and responsibilities.
Building linkages
The third aspect is in ‘building linkages among government agencies and academic institutions’. Public policy formulation has been an exclusive domain of government departments and agencies. Historically, anybody outside the government giving suggestions to people in government was not only frowned upon but also strongly resisted. Government agencies including ministries in the Central government and departments in the State government are woefully preoccupied with a range of day-to-day matters of governance. Their capacity and ability to think and reflect on sound public policymaking is minimal not because of any inherent limitations of competence, but due to a lack of time and attention, while dealing with the sheer magnitude of bureaucratic procedures of their own making. Under these circumstances, it can only help the government if it develops strong and substantive linkages with academic institutions, research centres and independent experts. But for these linkages to be effective and meaningful, they should be backed by significant changes in the internal governance structures of government bodies. The advisory role that is hitherto played by people outside the government should give way to a stronger and executive role so that those providing advice feel that their arguments and analysis will be taken seriously and not be set aside after the pretence of consultation leading to an empty and sham exercise in the quest for legitimacy. Public policy should enable people to “speak truth to power.”
“One of the unfortunate aspects of governance in India is that whenever any new government comes to power, be it in a State or at the Centre, it spends considerable time undoing many things that the previous government had done.”
Establishing centres
The fourth is in ‘building public policy schools and research centres’. If there is one specific area that is crying for reform, it is the need to establish several world-class public policy schools in India. Interdisciplinary studies relating to public policy, both as an academic programme as well as a research programme leading to cutting edge, empirical and pioneering research in various fields are absent in India. This void is particularly felt in the humanities and social sciences more than in sciences, medicine and engineering. Public policymaking in India, whether it is about building roads, bridges, airports, sea ports, or for that matter, launching rockets and creating nuclear power stations requires not only well-trained engineers and scientists, but also sociologists, anthropologists, lawyers and, most of all, public policy practitioners who can ensure a consultative dialogue among all stakeholders, including government representatives. The heart of a sound public policy programme lies in the amalgamation of qualitative and quantitative methods for training professionals in public policy; a study of economics and sociology, which is critical to the understanding of social and economic development; law, ethics and governance, which are relevant for examining the institutions that are responsible for public policymaking and to what extent transparency and accountability inform policymaking.
The future of governance in India is bound to become more complex leading to disputes and disagreements over different visions of growth and development. In responding to these challenges, the urgent need is for public policy-based analyses in which every stakeholder has a voice and where every voice adds dimension and meaning to the development discourse. The need for ensuring public policy effectiveness is essential to achieve good governance. Otherwise, this goal will remain elusive and our global competitiveness will further decline, as it has been the case for many years.
(Prof. C. Raj Kumar, a Rhodes Scholar, is the founding Vice-Chancellor of O.P. Jindal Global University. E-mail: VC@jgu.edu.in)

 Wholesale Inflation Falls to 5-Year Low of 1.77%RBI to Ease Rates by 0.5 Per Cent in 2015, First Cut Likely in February: Morgan Stanley
The wholesale inflation fell to a 5-year low of 1.77 per cent in October, led by a drop in fuel and food prices. In September, the wholesale inflation was at 2.38 per cent.
The fuel inflation fell to 0.43 per cent in October against 1.33 per cent in September. Against the backdrop of a big fall in global crude prices, petrol prices have been cut six times since August while diesel prices have been lowered twice since its decontrol last month.
The food inflation fell to 2.7 per cent in October against 3.52 per cent in the previous month. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: November 14, 2014 12:35 (IST)

NBCC Shares Fall 5% as Q2 Earnings DisappointYou are here: Home Corporates
NBCC Falls 5% as Q2 Results Disappoint
NDTV | Written By: Priyabrata Prusty | Updated On: November 14, 2014 14:44 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Shares in National Building Construction Corporation (NBCC) fell over 5 per cent to a day low of Rs 774 on Friday after the state-run developer's second quarter earnings failed to impress the Street. NBCC had reported September quarter results after markets closed yesterday.
Including today's fall, NBCC shares have corrected over 12 per cent since it touched a 52-week high of Rs 908.35 on November 5. The correction comes after a monstrous rally that led to over 440 per cent gains in NBCC shares year-to-date.
NBCC's Q2 standalone net profit was flat year-on-year (y-o-y) at Rs 60 crore, while its revenue grew only 5 per cent y-o-y to Rs 904 crore.
NBCC also reported a drop in its operating margin (EBIT margin) in Q2 to 5.53 per cent against 7.86 per cent y-o-y on accounts of higher expenses relating to work & consultancy. Its work & consultancy expenses increased 22 per cent y-o-y to Rs 775 crore whereas its revenue grew by only 5 per cent in Q2 of FY15.
As of 2.04 p.m. shares in NBCC traded 3.67 per cent lower at Rs 790 apiece, underperforming the broader Nifty which was up 0.2 per cent.
Why have shares rallied?
NBCC is India's largest PSU in the construction sector. Its "public works organisation" status helps it bag orders without much competition and even on a nomination basis, Nomura said in a report dating September. According to the brokerage, NBCC has a strong presence in the project management contract (PMC) business with a strong customer base in mostly government organisations.
NBCC shares were in demand as it was fast emerging as a strong play on large redevelopment opportunities from government bodies and other PSUs. Brokers expect NBCC to gain from Modi government's promise of building 100 smart cities in India.
Financially, NBCC is an asset light company (its investment in fixed assets is as low as Rs 24 crore as on September 30 against its total asset of Rs 4,453 crore). It also enjoys negative working capital and a cash-rich balance sheet).
NBCC's valuations were attractive despite sharp run up leading to strong buying interest.
Story first published on: November 14, 2014 14:44 (IST)

Sensex Rises to Record Closing HighsInfosys Founders Seeking $1.1 Billion via Stake Sale: Report
Mumbai: The BSE Sensex ended at a record closing high on Friday as foreign investors continued to pile into domestically oriented blue-chips such as Asian Paints amid a slide in crude oil prices and data showing easing wholesale inflation.
Overseas investors bought shares worth Rs 690 crore on Thursday, bringing their total purchase in stocks to $15.12 billion so far in 2014. They have also pumped in $23.15 billion in debt so far, regulatory data showed.
Hopes for easing inflation are also helping spur share gains. Data on Friday showed the wholesale price index rose an annual 1.77 percent last month, its slowest since September 2009, while data on Wednesday showed consumer prices rose at the slowest rate on record.
India will also benefit from Brent sliding below $77 per barrel to its four-year low, as it imports more than two-thirds of its fuel requirements.
"Flows are positive on all counts as India stands out on growth prospects versus other emerging markets. The rally should extend," said Nirakar Pradhan, chief investment officer at Future Generali India Life Insurance.
The Sensex closed 0.38 per cent higher, marking its all-time closing high of 28,046.66.
The broader Nifty also gained 0.38 per cent to end at a record closing high of 8,389.90.
Domestic oriented stocks led the gains. Asian Paints rose 4.3 per cent, while Oil and Natural Gas Corp ended 1.9 per cent higher.
Coal India rose 2.7 per cent, while GAIL (India) rose 2.8 per cent.
State Bank of India ended 2.5 per cent higher after earlier marking its highest level since May 26, on better-than-expected asset quality due to lower slippages and restructuring in the July-September quarter.
Shares in its associate units also surged after the lender said it was close to coming up with a roadmap on associate bank mergers.
State Bank of Travancore surged 6.6 per cent, State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur jumped 2.7 per cent, while State Bank of Mysore soared 5.6 per cent.
SBI's results also improved sentiment towards other state-run banks. Bank of Baroda rose 1.5 per cent, while Punjab National Bank ended up 0.4 per cent.
Among decliners, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries fell 2.4 per cent and Cipla lost 2.3 per cent after their July-Sept earnings disappointed investors.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Rupee Ends Lower at 61.72/DollarYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends Lower at 61.72 Amid Broad Dollar Gains
Reuters | Updated On: November 14, 2014 17:47 (IST)
Rupee Flat; Asian Currencies Hit as Dollar Rallies
Mumbai: The rupee saw its biggest single-day fall in a week on Friday tracking a continued resurgence globally in the dollar, even as strong foreign buying continues to lift domestic share markets to record highs.
The rupee fell 0.1 per cent for the week, posting its third consecutive weekly fall, despite rallies this month in debt and share markets over solid foreign buying.
Falls in emerging market currencies such as the rupee come as the dollar has strengthened. On Friday, it rose to a 7-year high against the yen as investors bumped up their bets on Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe calling an early election and delaying a hike in sales tax.
"There was some defence-related buying, and compared to other Asian currencies, the rupee has still not weakened as such, so some catching up there," said Uday Bhatt, a foreign exchange dealer with UCO Bank.
"In the absence of any major data domestically, the rupee will hold in a 61.50 to 62.00 range early next week," he added.
The partially convertible rupee closed at 61.72/73 per dollar versus its previous close of 61.5450/5600. The unit dropped 0.2 per cent on day, its biggest single-day loss since last Friday.
Some traders speculated that state-run banks were buying dollars on behalf of the central bank, though it was not a universal view.
Traders will continue to monitor domestic share and debt markets for clues on foreign fund inflows into these markets.
Indian shares rose to a record closing high as foreign investors continued to pile into domestically oriented blue-chips.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 62.01, while the three-month was at 62.56.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

US consumer sentiment at more than 7-year highconsumer sentiment
(Not everything was rosy,…)
NEW YORK: US consumer sentiment rose in November to a more than seven-year high as falling unemployment and lower gasoline prices boosted views on both current conditions and expectations, a survey released on Friday showed.
The Thomson Reuters/University of Michigan's preliminary reading on the overall index on consumer sentiment for this month came in at 89.4, the highest reading since July 2007, above not only the median forecast of 87.5 among 61 economists polled by Reuters, but also the highest estimate of 89.0.
The survey's barometer of current economic conditions rose to 103.0 from 98.3 and above the 98.8 forecast.
The survey's gauge of consumer expectations rose to 80.6 from 79.6, beating the 80.2 forecast.
Not everything was rosy, however, as expectations for income gains remained low despite rising and came in below inflation forecasts.
"Most households still expect a declining standard of living," survey director Richard Curtin said in a statement.
The survey's one-year inflation expectation fell to 2.6 percent from 2.9 percent, while its five-year inflation outlook was also at 2.6 percent, the second-lowest reading in the survey's history after 2.5 percent recorded in September 2002.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Singapore ready to help India develop 100 smart cities: MinisterMasagos Zulkifli
(Senior Minister of State…)
SINGAPORE: Singapore is ready to help India make a "good decision" in realising its ambitious plan to develop 100 smart cities across the country, a senior minister said here today.
Singapore is ready to help India in developing its cities, including capital New Delhi, but it can only provide a vision whose implementation depends on the people and leadership of the country, Masagos Zulkifli , Senior Minister of State, Ministry of Home Affairs said.
"We can't help India, only India can help itself....We can only provide vision and its up to the government and the people in the country how they implement it," he told a group of visiting Indian journalists.
"Singapore could help that you get it right....Singapore is here to offer help," he said when asked how Singapore can help India in realising Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plans to develop 100 smart cities.
Masagos said realising a vision is just a matter of political will and he is confident that Prime Minister Modi will be able to take India to new heights.
"I have no doubt that India can thrive like China," he said.
When asked about which are the area where India lacks the most, he replied, "It's planning."
With good basic planning everything else falls into place automatically when people and the government are determined to implement it, he said.
Elaborating on the Singapore model of smart cities, Masagos said Singapore as a city state always kept in mind its future needs while planning for current needs.
"Its important to figure out for whom you are building these cities....What are their needs," he said adding that on smart cities "we have a proposal on the table and we want them (India) to make a good decision."
The minister said India needs to resolve its land acquisition issues so that people get good compensation before being relocated to undertake such projects.
Singapore from its own experience can also help India in water management, he said.
Praising India's democratic structure, he said Singapore had fantastic relations with India and it would like to ensure that in the future too.
When asked whether Singapore wants to discourage expat workers by framing tough eligibility criteria, Masagos said the country is "addicted" to foreign workers and expats, who are able to contribute to the economy and productivity, are always welcome.
FEATURED ARTICLES

http://usat.ly/1EEObkiFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Top 10 worst car redesigns since 2000
The editors at Cars.com have come up with 10 of the worst attempts at overhauling a car since the millennium turned in 2000.
Post to Facebook
Top 10 worst car redesigns since 2000 The editors at Cars.com have come up with 10 of the worst attempts at overhauling a car since the millennium turned in 2000. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uqN0DR
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
54
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Top 10 worst car redesigns since 2000
Video Keywords Nissan Quest Subaru Forester LeapFrog losing sales carbon market marketing costs
Typically when a car gets redesigned, it gets better. But that's not always the case. The editors at Cars.com have come up with 10 of the worst attempts at overhauling a car since the millennium turned in 2000. VPC
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  Yeah evolution of car design has come a long way
00:05  and automaker may spend years. And millions of dollars working to
00:09  perfect cars. Performance and design. To ensure buyers take note. But
00:14  not every redesign six fat that we turned the experts at
00:18  cars dot com to see some of the worst attempt at
00:21  overhauling a car since 2000. Let's start with the minivan. It
00:25  doesn't support a 2009 Nissan Quest was really an unconventional minivan
00:29  it wasn't what millions shoppers one. I've had things like and
00:32  then we wanted premium fuel it had wide and I uncomfortable
00:36  seats at a senate mounted instrument panel. Eight kind of an
00:39  update for 2007. Save some of those things and it really
00:42  didn't do enough the question right now a little more conventional
00:46  and it. While the Nissan Quest comes in number four other
00:49  big names include 2000 people like Jana and 2009 Subaru Forester.
00:55  Still with these costly redesign and has the potential to backfire
00:59  why do automakers to make the investment. They can easily cost
01:02  upwards of a billion dollars to bring in new carbon market
01:05  wouldn't consider early on the cops on the factory retooling and
01:08  things like marketing costs. But the prospect of losing sales month
01:12  in month out to better competition really compelled auto makers to
01:16  do it. A new car when it comes to market typically
01:18  is gonna LeapFrog competitors in terms of safety features many infotainment.
01:22  Drive ability. Certain other innovations. And that's gonna mean more shoppers
01:27  coming into the dealership that's going to be auto makers and
01:29  dealers have put less money could sell the car is really
01:32  lifts all tied. And as a lot of revenue alfalfa bottom
01:36  line bottom. It features that car buyer is looking worked there
01:40  for some the most important thing might be engine house. Bringing
01:43  others to be back seat of cars could be crucial so
01:46  how exactly did cars content. Area. For Grady to top ten
01:51  worst redesign. This lets you look at a number of factors
01:55  inferior qualities based styling safety features fuel economy and we really
02:00  ask yourself a couple of questions one of the Ottoman or
02:03  do you mean the previous generation of the car and the
02:05  redesign. And didn't do enough outpace its competitions. In a lot
02:09  of cases these cars didn't.
David Thomas, Cars.com 1:26 p.m. EST November 14, 2014
The editors at Cars.com have come up with 10 of the worst attempts at overhauling a car since the millennium turned in 2000.
2013 Chevrolet Malibu
1096 CONNECT 80 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 54 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Typically when a car gets redesigned, it gets better. An automaker has likely spent years improving its performance, styling and comfort to make car shoppers take note. A redesigned model can spark sales, and the most successful ones can change the course of an entire brand.
However, not every redesign is a success. The editors at Cars.com have come up with 10 of the worst attempts at overhauling a car since the millennium turned in 2000. And to prove first impressions count we've included some of our thoughts from the cars' original reviews that seem to still resonate today.
1. 2013 Chevrolet Malibu
There is no more competitive segment in the auto industry than that of midsize sedans. When the Malibu got a redesign two years ago it delivered a decent-looking, quiet-riding and well-equipped four-door. There was just one big problem: The backseat was too small. OK, the interior could have been finished better ... and the transmission wasn't great. But almost anything in a car can be fixed quickly for a refresh ... except the size.
2008 Ford Focus
(Photo: Cars.com)
2. 2008 Ford Focus
The first generation of the Focus to hit the States was a European compact that featured a high-quality interior and a unique style that were lacking in the segment up to that point. Then Ford decided to make a cut-rate Americanized version that was all basic transportation and no flair. It took years before we got the Euro-Focus back on our shores to right this wrong.
2011 Scion tC
(Photo: Cars.com)
3. 2011 Scion tC
The first Scion tC was a well-rounded compact coupe with styling and content just right for its target demographic. How could Scion go wrong? It cheapened what our editors considered an upscale cabin for the class. Now the tC no longer feels like you're getting more for less, and you don't get to haggle over the price, either.
2004 Nissan Quest
(Photo: Cars.com)
4. 2004 Nissan Quest
If you're wondering how today's out-there Quest got so out-there, you can look all the way back to the 2002 model. What was once a bland but competitive minivan to the Honda Odysseys and Toyota Siennas of the world went off the tracks, adding a lot of chunky styling and those four little sunroofs. It had its fans but doomed the Quest to niche status, where it remains.
2011 Volkswagen Jetta
(Photo: Cars.com)
5. 2011 Volkswagen Jetta
This one seems like such a no-brainer we're guessing everyone will be asking why it isn't higher on this list. It garnered enough votes to make it to the middle of the final 10, but remember, it beat out dozens of nominations to land here because of VW's failed Americanization of the its famed compact sedan. Not all of Volkswagen's efforts to make its models more U.S.-friendly have been so off the mark; see the Passat, which won our Best of 2012 award, and the 2015 Golf and GTI, which are two terrific redesigns this year.
2010 Ford Taurus
(Photo: Cars.com)
6. 2010 Ford Taurus
The venerable Taurus has had a tough time in this millennium. It was sent out to pasture in favor of a giant sedan called the 500, as well as the more popular Fusion midsizer. Ford realized its mistake and changed the 500's name to Taurus before redesigning it in 2010. Even though the new Taurus is a better performer than that grandfatherly transport it replaced, it was too cramped inside for its considerable exterior girth. We like to remind people that the car is longer than a Honda Odyssey minivan and they quickly understand just how oversized it has become.
2002 BMW 7 Series
(Photo: Cars.com)
7. 2002 BMW 7 Series
Automobile designer Chris Bangle doesn't have a ton of fans at Cars.com, it seems. His first design statement for BMW didn't fully execute on his vision for the brand, and it left the world with a mod version of what was once pure German elegance personified. Add to it that the first application of iDrive lived inside the darn thing, and you can understand why it makes this list.
2004 Nissan Maxima
(Photo: Nissan Maxima manufacturer image)
8. 2004 Nissan Maxima
The Maxima used to be one of Nissan's biggest sellers. The 2004 edition began the car's transformation to a larger vehicle, much like the Taurus. However, this was an awkward evolutionary step with chunky styling and poor performance to boot, for a car that was once rather sporty. The next generation solved a few of the problems in terms of styling, but hope really lies in an upcoming revamp.
2007 Chrysler Sebring
(Photo: Cars.com)
9. 2007 Chrysler Sebring
The Sebring is an easy car to pick on, but it was this generation that laid the groundwork for what was once not solely a rental car option. The new Sebring lost any hint of elegance with its blocky backside, and the interior was far behind the competition of the day. It didn't help that the base engine led to a louder and less-refined ride.
2009 Subaru Forester
(Photo: Cars.com)
10. 2009 Subaru Forester
Don't be confused, the 2009 Subaru Forester is actually a terrific compact SUV that we recommended when it came out and that we continue to recommend as a used option too. So, why is it here? Folks just loved the boxy styling of the previous generation. The 2009 version maintained the terrific visibility of past Foresters, but not that low center of gravity that made the SUV feel so well planted. And none of the turbo versions from the 2009 model year and on have been as fun to drive, either.
1096 CONNECT 80 TWEET 7 LINKEDIN 54 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uqN0DR
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Inflation drops to five-year low  rate cut chorus growslouderPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:49 am
The wholesale price index-based inflation dropped for the fifth straight month to 1.77 per cent in October, the lowest in more than five-years on the back of softening food and fuel prices.
This will intensify pressure on the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to cut interest rates to boost investment, more so as it follows the retail inflation that cooled down further to an all-time low of 5.52 per cent during the month, its lowest since the government started computing the data in 2012.
The factory output had also posted a moderate growth of 2.5 per cent in September after recording almost-flat growth in the previous two months.
The wholesale price index (WPI), released by the commerce and industry department, was seen slowest in September 2009. It was 2.38 per cent in September 2014 while the WPI during April-October stood at 2 per cent. The inflation for August was revised upwards to 3.85 per cent from 3.74 per cent earlier.
Enthused by the decline in twin inflation, corporates have escalated their demands for slashing key interest rates in the upcoming bi-monthly monetary policy review by RBI on December 2. The central bank has kept the rates unchanged since January this year despite the pressure. It has been targeting the retail inflation, which has moderated significantly. However, economists believe that the RBI will hold the rates and may take an action only later.
“This turned out to be a broad-based softening… Softer food prices and a favourable base would further push down the November inflation figure. Deflation is also possible, albeit with low probability. We reckon, however, that the RBI, at its December policy meet, will wait-and-watch, and cut rates at the next policy meeting,” a report by Anand Rathi Institutional Research said.
The report explained that the slowing non-core inflation has played a large role easing the headline inflation. “Moreover, the global deflationary environment and subdued domestic demand should put further downward pressure on inflation,” it said adding that as the economy will start recovering, core inflation will begin hardening again.
During the month, the fuel and power index declined by 1.3 per cent as prices of furnace oil, ATF, petrol, kerosene and high speed diesel oil dropped on account of international crude prices coming down.

Adani crosses green hump in $7.5 bn AustraliaprojectThough the Adani group started work on the mining, rail and port project three years ago, it has been facing environmental hurdles.
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | Brisbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:44 am
 
The Australian government has given all environmental and regulatory clearances for the $7.5 billion coal mining, rail and port project, said Gautam Adani, chairman, Adani Group, in an exclusive interview to The Indian Express.
The Adani group has already invested over $3 billion in Australia.
“We have got all clearances. South Korean major Posco has agreed to pick up a minority stake in the rail project. It has been given the contract to build the $2.2 billion railway network from the pithead in Carmichael to the Abbot Point port,” Adani said.
Two other companies had bid for the rail project contract.
Though the Adani group started work on the mining, rail and port project three years ago, it has been facing environmental hurdles.
He is part of the business delegation that Prime Minister Narendra Modi is leading to Australia. His mining company Adani Mining Pty Ltd is headquartered in Brisbane, Queensland.
“In the first phase, we will be mining 40 million tonnes coal a year from 2018,” Adani said. The Abbott Point port already has a capacity to lift 50 million tonnes. The port company will be adding another berth to increase capacity. The company will call for bids for the expansion of the port soon, for which too Posco has evinced interest.
Jeyakumar Janakaraj, chief executive officer and country head, Adani Mining Pty Ltd, said the project would have a debt-equity ratio of 60:40. “The initial capex is $7.5 billion Initial funding has been tied up. The total financial closure will be achieved by end of next year,” he said.
The Carmichael mine in the Galilee Basin is the one of the largest thermal coal mine in the world, and the largest in Australia, with JORC certified resources of 11.05 billion tonnes of coal, said Janakaraj. It will be linked by a 388 km rail line to a new terminal at the Abbot Point port.
According to Janakaraj, the mining, rail and port projects will be executed by different companies. Adani Mining itself is fully owned by Adani Enterprises Ltd through Adani Global. About two-third of the coal output would be exported to India and the balance one-third to Korea, Japan, Taiwan, etc. “We are in advanced stage of negotiation with consumers,” he said.
Adani was also likely to rope in another equity partner, Janakaraj said. “It will be a third party equity partner apart from Posco, but will again hold minority stake,” he added. Posco too would hold not more than 26 per cent, majority being held by the Adani Group.

Two car bombs kill at least 17  injure 57 in Iraq:OfficialsPicture for representation. (Source: AP photo)
By: Agence-France Presse | Baghdad | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:42 am
Car bomb blasts in two northern Baghdad neighbourhoods killed at least 17 people and wounded at least 57 today, medical and security sources said.
One explosion went off near the Tigris River in the Graiat area, killing at least seven people. The other struck near a restaurant in the Adhamiyah district, killing 10, they said.
There was no immediate claim for the attacks but the Islamic State (IS) jihadist group has claimed much of the recent violence to hit the Iraqi capital and elsewhere in the country.
Baghdad is hit by near-daily bombings and shootings that kill hundreds of people each month.
And security forces, despite being deployed at checkpoints and other positions across the city, are consistently unable to prevent the attacks.
The violence comes as Iraqi security forces and pro-government fighters battle to push back IS, which has seized significant territory since June.
They are now backed by US-led air strikes targeting IS in both Iraq and neighbouring Syria, while Washington and other governments have also pledged training personnel to aid Iraqi forces.

Talking about thisgenerationWritten by Paromita Chakrabarti , Anushree Majumdar | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:40 am
Book: The Magic Rolling Pin
Author: Vikas Khanna
Price: Rs 299
Age 4 and above
Masterchef Junior has shown us that dishing up deconstructed panacotta and a Marco Pierre White special is not the forte of adult home cooks alone. Children all over the world, girls and boys, love to cook, and take pride in what they serve. Jugnu is one such child in Amritsar who spends his free time learning how to grind spices and dish out the perfect sun-dried pickles and watching his Biji cook. His favourite activity in the kitchen is to roll out the perfect phulkas, and so, the rolling pin becomes his best friend. Jugnu believes it has magic in it and totes it everywhere. But what happens when he loses it? Can he ever turn out the perfectly round rotis he was so good at?
Michelin-starred chef and restaurateur Vikas Khanna’s delightful picture book on Jugnu and his tryst with cooking has beautiful illustrations by Mihir Joglekar and talks of how all one needs confidence and loving approval to turn out something appetising.
Book: Patua Pinocchio
Author: Carlo Collodi. Artwork by Swarna Chitrakar
Publisher: Tara Books
Price: Rs 550
Age 5 and above
One of the beautiful things about a Tara book is how it can contextualise classics in the local milieu and through an indigenous art form.
Patua Pinocchio, the story of the puppet who wants to become a real boy, draws parallels with the childhood of the Indian god Krishna and the mischief that he got into, and in the process, becomes an innately Indian story. Swarna Chitrakar’s vibrant artwork unfolds like a scroll (or a patachitra), each page coming alive in a burst of colours and a medley of lovable characters — from the serpent to the cricket to the Blue Fairy and even the Sly Cat. Read it over and over again, because despite being deeply entrenched in the cultural pantheon of the patuas of Bengal, its breathtaking artwork has an undiminished universal appeal.
Book: The Adventures of Stoob: Testing Times
Author: Samit Basu
Price: Rs 195
Age 9 and above
Could there ever have been a world without wi-fi or iPods? Did people actually only study from books and play outdoors (no videogames, no Google Hangouts, not even landlines to recap the chats on Google Hangouts)? Stoob (short for Subroto Bandhopadhyay, because which respectable nine-year-old goes through life with a name like that!) cannot imagine such an universe, but that’s the least of his worries. Just when he thought he was almost done with Class V, the headmistress announces that there will be fresh examinations in a month’s time.
Concentration isn’t exactly his forte, and with two of his closest friends already revising their lessons and a third relaxing because he has a Top Secret Plan to ace the exam without studying, Stoob has his job cut out. Samit Basu’s Stoob could well be the Indian version of Jeff Kinney’s Diary of a Wimpy Kid or Adeline Foo’s Diary of Amos Lee, complete with hyperventilating parents and children who have to choose what kind of individuals they want to grow up to be. Sunaina Coelho’s sketches have a life of their own and the book is breezy and engaging and gets the anxieties of a pre-teen in Delhi pat down to the last detail.
Book: Slightly Burnt

Rethinking decisions on breastcancerPrint
By: New York Times | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:27 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 12:31 am
American women face conflicting advice about whether to be screened for breast cancer, at what age and how often. The decisions they make are often more strongly influenced by fear or a friend’s experience than by a thorough understanding of the benefits and risks of mammography.
In 2009, the US Preventive Services Task Force recommended that women between the ages of 50 and 74 be screened with mammography every two years and that biennial screening of women younger than 50 be considered case by case.
Yet, screening rates have not declined. Under the Affordable Care Act, free screening mammography is available to all women every one to two years. But is this really free, in the fullest sense of the word? Many experts cite hidden costs — financial, medical and emotional.
Before deciding to have a mammogram, you should consider the possible risks and whether they are outweighed by the expected benefits.
Despite the controversy about annual mammograms, I still advocate them. But it behooves every woman to be aware of the arguments for and against annual screening. Too few are equipped to evaluate what Dr Lisa Rosenbaum, a national correspondent for The New England Journal of Medicine, has called “considerable uncertainty and complex trade-offs”.
Although expert groups have issued guidelines based on reviews of the scientific evidence, disagreements among them persist, the result of differing professional perspectives, financial concerns and assessments of the medical consequences.
Screening is largely responsible for the 30 percent decline in the breast cancer death rate since 1990, though advances in treatment have certainly played a role.
So what are the downsides of regular screening? A false-positive result — a suspicious image on mammography that turns out to be nothing — is a major one.
If a 50-year-old woman is screened annually for a decade, she has a 50 percent chance of receiving a false-positive diagnosis somewhere along the way. The woman receiving a false-positive diagnosis may need only a repeat examination, which may show the initial result to have been wrong. And what if a biopsy reveals a malignancy? Then the patient faces another possible consequence of screening: overtreatment.
There are lingering questions about whether every cancer detected really warrants treatment and how extensive the treatment should be. Some cancers don’t progress, some may even disappear on their own, and others may grow so slowly they would not become a problem during the remaining years of life. But doctors cannot tell with certainty which cancers are safe to leave untreated.
Decisions relating to breast cancer are often based more on emotion than reasoning. Unrelenting publicity by well-meaning organisations has frightened many women, who are inclined to accept more risk than they might in, say, screenings for heart disease — which actually kills more women than breast cancer.
And too many have seen first hand the devastation breast cancer can wreak. Breast cancer remains the most common cancer among women, and the second-leading cause of cancer deaths among women, many of them in the prime of life.

The Discovery ofNehruBy: Express News Service | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:27 am
– Ramachandra Guha, historian
The Discovery of India
Jawaharlal Nehru
A moving account, written in jail, of the country’s history and culture, very revealing of the author himself.
Nehru: A Contemporary’s Estimate
Walter Crocker
A crisp, concise assessment of an Australian scholar-diplomat who lived in Delhi in the 1950s
Jawaharlal Nehru: A Biography
The standard and still unsurpassed life, based on unprecedented access to Nehru’s papers.
– Gopalkrishna Gandhi, former governor of West Bengal
A Study of Nehru
Edited by Rafiq Zakaria
This collection of essays was published in his lifetime and was, therefore, valuable as an assessment of the man in real time. It critiqued the man, sharply and frontally, while acknowledging his unique impact on his times.
A Gentle Colossus
Hiren Mukherjee
Mukherjee was a political opponent of Nehru from India’s Left, sparing no occasion in Parliament or outside it, to upbraid his policies and programmes. And yet, in the best traditions of democracy, he chose to analyse the pluses and minuses of his adversary and the bitters, sweets and sours of his political leadership, with what Hiren babu would not have liked being said of him: real “class”.
Nehru: A Contemporary’s Estimate
Walter Crocker
Crocker, Australia’s High Commissioner to India was no blind admirer of the Prime Minister of the country he was accredited to. In fact, he rather admired some of Nehru’s democratic opponents more — like, for instance, C Rajagopalachari and Jayaprakash Narayan. And yet he was drawn to Nehru’s intellect and to his politics sufficiently to go beyond the call of diplomatic duty to analyse Nehru’s impact on his times, with disinterested interest.
– Madhavan K Palat, historian and series editor of OUP’s Selected Works of Jawaharlal Nehru
I would recommend S Gopal’s biography of Nehru, Ramachandra Guha’s India After Gandhi, MJ Akbar’s Nehru: The Making of India, Michael Brecher’s Nehru: A Political Biography and BR Nanda’s reliable and authoritative Jawaharlal Nehru: Rebel and Statesman
– Tridip Suhrud, social scientist
My recommendation would be to go back to Nehru and to his Selected Writings. The reader would find there an exceptionally fine mind, someone deeply concerned about the fate of India and its people, about democracy and the shape it could take, the place of India in the community of nations.
– Nayantara Sahgal, author
Apart from S Gopal’s biography and Hiren Mukherjee’s The Gentle Colossus, I would urge the readers to read Nehru, especially Glimpses of World History, his autobiography Toward Freedom and The Discovery of India
– Mani Shankar Aiyar, Congress leader
Nehru: A Political Biography
Michael Brecher
This was perhaps the first study of Nehru as prime minister. The chapter that endures in my mind is the one which memorably compares and contrasts Nehru and Patel.
Jawaharlal Nehru: Civilizing a Savage World
Nayantara Sahgal
A particularly intimate portrait of Nehru’s conception of foreign policy as it is largely based on the correspondence between him and his sister, Vijaya Laxmi Pandit.
Nehru and Bose: Parallel Lives
Rudrangshu Mukherjee
The latest offering on the evolution of Nehru as a politician, contrasted to the parallel political career of Subhash Chandra Bose, his closest intellectual colleague but perhaps his most distant political partner.

US Sikh student says Army rules bar him fromROTCA Sikh university student has sued the Army, saying he cannot join ROTC unless he violates his religious beliefs.
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:27 am
A Sikh university student has sued the Army, saying he cannot join the Reserve Officer Training Corps unless he violates his religious beliefs by removing his turban, shaving and cutting his hair.
The group United Sikhs and the American Civil Liberties Union filed a federal lawsuit Wednesday in Washington, DC, on behalf of Iknoor Singh, a 19-year-old from the New York City borough of Queens.
Singh, who is studying finance and business analytics at Hofstra University, said he has had a lifelong interest in public service and began thinking of a military career several years ago. His lawsuit said he speaks four languages – English, Punjabi, Hindi, and Urdu – and he said he wants to work in military intelligence.
Sikhism, a 500-year-old religion founded in India, requires its male followers to wear a turban and beard and keep their hair uncut.
Under a policy announced in January, troops can seek waivers on a case-by-case basis to wear religious clothing, seek prayer time or engage in religious practices. Approval depends on where the service member is stationed and whether the change would affect military readiness or the mission. There are currently only a few Sikhs serving in the US Army who have been granted religious accommodations.
But ACLU Attorney Heather Weaver said the only remedy offered to Singh is a Catch-22: He must comply with military rules and only then ask for a waiver that would allow him to wear his turban, beard and long hair.
Singh is being permitted to audit the ROTC classes, said Lt. Col. Daniel Cederman, commander of Hofstra’s program, which trains students to become commissioned officers.
But Singh and his attorneys argue that he is not receiving credit for the classes, nor is he eligible for potential ROTC scholarships because he is not an actual enlistee. Weaver also said Singh will not be permitted to audit the classes after his second year in university.
An Army spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Friday.
A statement from Hofstra said it supports “Singh’s ambitions to serve his country. … We very much hope that the Army will permit us to enroll Mr. Singh in the program as a full cadet.”

Want to Become a Billionaire Go Ivy League
Takata air bag safety questioned after supplier changes designTakata air bag safety questioned after supplier changes design
Takata Corp, Tokyo
Billboard advertisement of Takata Corp is pictured in Tokyo.
Billboard advertisement of Takata Corp is pictured in Tokyo. (Toru Hanai,, REUTERS)
By Maki Shiraki, Paul Lienert and Ben Klayman, Reuters
More than 11 million vehicles with Takata air bags have been recalled since 2008, yet official says no defect.
Are Takata air bags safe? Supplier changes chemical compound but touts safety of old model.
TOKYO/DETROIT (Reuters) - Takata Corp has modified the composition of an air bag propellant that contains a volatile chemical at the center of a recall of millions of cars worldwide, the company told Reuters.
A Takata official, who did not want to be named but spoke on behalf of the company, did not specify how the recipe has changed, but said ammonium nitrate remained a part of the mix. He told Reuters the shift was part of its process of 'kaizen', or continual improvement, and the company believed the new composition was safer than the one used before.
In response to a question, the official said:
There is no admission of a defect with the original version...We changed the composition in an effort to improve quality. - Takata official
"There is no admission of a defect with the original version. There has not been any finding that ammonium nitrate or the earlier composition was somehow flawed. We changed the composition in an effort to improve quality."
The official said the company used the modified mix in replacement bags fitted in cars brought in during the recalls, but declined to say exactly when the change was made or in which models, and how many vehicles' air bags with the new propellant have been installed.
The official also declined to comment on whether the new mix was cheaper than the previous one. "There have been no problems with the new versions so far," he said.
8
Takata has said the original version of the compound, when exposed to moisture or improperly processed, can cause the inflators to explode with excessive force, spraying metal shards inside the car. Its air bags, used by many leading car makers, have been linked to at least four deaths in the United States and are the focus of a U.S. regulatory probe and multiple global recalls in the past six years.
Since 2000, Takata has made more than 100 million inflators according to industry estimates and company data. Starting in 2008, more than 17 million cars equipped with its air bags have been recalled, including more than 11 million in the United States .
While Takata has been using ammonium nitrate, an inexpensive chemical commonly found in fertilizer and explosives, rivals Autoliv and TRW Automotive use less volatile guanidine nitrate as the main ingredient, people close to the companies have said.
Takata made the disclosure about its reformulated propellant after Reuters had sought its comment about a Reuters analysis of internal Takata documents. The analysis found the company supplied millions more cars than previously known with air bags that used ammonium nitrate-based propellant and were made at its plant in Monclova, Mexico.
0
Carmakers are not required to disclose their suppliers, but the Reuters analysis and senior employee profiles showed Takata provided air bags for some of Detroit's best-selling models that have not been subject to recalls. There is no evidence of any air bag-related incidents with any of those vehicles.
The Takata official declined to comment on the analysis.
Asked if it had reports of such incidents among vehicles not included in existing recalls, the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said: "There is no evidence that all Takata air bags produced over the past 15 years pose a current danger to the driving public, and it would be inaccurate to make such a claim."
"There is evidence, however, that certain Takata air bags inadvertently exposed to excessive moisture during manufacturing or regions with consistently high temperatures and humidity pose a safety risk," the safety regulator added.
BIG THREE
A 2012 Takata employee roster from Monclova shows a number of workers made air bag inflators for several Ford vehicles. And online profiles of three senior employees mentioned their involvement in the development of several popular Ford, GM and Chrysler models.
Available data puts the total production of those models at up to 6.6 million cars, though it's not clear whether all were equipped with Takata air bags.
None of the big three carmakers would confirm that Takata air bags were installed in models that have not been subject to recalls or indicate any problems.
"We have no field data indicating a problem with Takata air bags in our vehicles," said GM spokesman Alan Adler. "We are continuing to monitor the situation and will put our customers' safety ahead of all else. But we will not engage in what-if scenarios."
Ford spokeswoman Kelli Felker said Takata was focused on testing those Ford vehicles that are part of a regional recall requested in June by regulators, and would not discuss other models.
A Chrysler spokesman said the automaker has used inflators from multiple sources and with varying designs, and none have caused any problems. "All benefit from robust manufacturing processes and are subject to rigorous daily testing. None has exhibited the failure modes that have prompted current investigations."
Editor's note: For a list of vehicles recalled for Takata air bags, check this article .
(Additional reporting by Joanna Zuckerman Bernstein in Mexico City; Editing by Tomasz Janowski and Ian Geoghegan)

Employees Agree: This Company Is an Amazing Place to Work
IPL spot-fixing row: Srinivasan  Meiyappan  Kundra named in Mudgal panel report  says SCThe Indian cricket board’s president-in-exile N Srinivasan, IPL chief operating officer Sundar Raman and IPL team officials Gurunath Meiyappan and Raj Kundra have been indicted for “misdemeanour” in the 2013 spot-fixing scandal, the Supreme Court revealed Friday.
 
Disclosing the names of those being investigated by the Justice Mudgal committee for the first time, the court also hinted at the involvement of certain Indian and international cricketers, but said their names “should be left out for now”.
 
The Mudgal committee is probing betting and spot-fixing allegations against 13 individuals. It had submitted its final report to the court in sealed cover last week.
In an immediate fallout, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) postponed its November 20 annual general meeting — during which Srinivasan was expected to contest elections for the president’s post — by another four weeks.
related stories
“There are certain findings (in the Mudgal report) against individuals that may be understood to be indicting some persons with regard to whom investigations were conducted,” a special bench headed by justice TS Thakur observed in its order.
 
“The report does suggest some misdemeanour. What we are thinking is that the findings are in relation to players and other actors in the drama. As far as the players are concerned, we will disallow making public the findings in the interest of the game. We will disallow that part of the report,” it said.
But it said it would “identity non-players in the report” and went on to name the four officials — and, inadvertently, three players, mistaking them for non-players. When the bench realised its error, it said the identity of the players should not be made public at this stage.
The court has given Srinivasan, his son-in-law and Chennai Super Kings official Meiyappan, Rajasthan Royal co-owner Kundra and Sundar Raman four days to respond. It has ordered that copies of the report be made available to them, to the BCCI and to Aditya Verma of the Cricket Association of Bihar, whose petition seeking Srinivasan’s removal as BCCI chief was being heard.
It will take the matter up next on November 24.
The Supreme Court had on May 16 formally asked the Mudgal committee to probe the 13 people named in its preliminary report. The panel had at that stage felt the allegations against them were unsubstantiated.

In a first  eyeing aspiring India  Snapdeal to launch  assisted ecommerce centresInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
In a first-of-its kind partnership with FINO PayTech, Snapdeal is all set to launch assisted ecommerce centres in semi-urban, rural and low income residential areas across the country.
With this, Snapdeal.com aims to empower individuals belonging to lower income groups by giving them access to an assortment of over 1000 products through the centers which would be operated by FINO Paytech. The plan is to set up assisted outlets across 65 cities and over 70,000 rural areas.
Speaking about the partnership, Kunal Bahl, co-founder and CEO Snapdeal.com said, “Technology and innovation lie at the heart of Snapdeal.com and with this initiative we are taking yet another step to revolutionize the ecommerce landscape of India. By leveraging Snapdeal’s nationwide distribution network and reach, we can now try and make a difference to our country, both on the demand and supply side.”
Some of the locations  include Dharavi (Asia’s Largest Slum), Varanasi, Valsad (Gujarat) Urban Villages of Noida, Gurgaon, Hyderabad and Jaipur.
Through the assisted e-commerce model Snapdeal.com will be offering a special assortment of utility cum aspirational products like speakers, juicers, solar lanterns, dinner sets, camera and mobile phones. These products offer a high value proposition and have been curated on an exclusive page requiring login by FINO agent, who would place an order, collect payment, receive and deliver to people who have no permanent address.
Rishi Gupta, COO and Executive Director at FINO PayTech said, “The innovative assisted e-commerce model brings the ease and benefit of e-tailing to more than 70% of country’s population not connected to internet but is aspirational and willing to explore online shopping.
Snapdeal.com plans to expand this service across partners and other locations within the country in the coming times.
TAGS: Ecommerce Snapdeal
More from companies

DDA s lucky draw on Nov 17; its luck by chance if you are angling for a flatDDA's lucky draw on November 17
Sidhartha Roy , Hindustan Times   November 14, 2014
First Published: 18:44 IST(14/11/2014) | Last Updated: 01:29 IST(15/11/2014)
Comments
After missing many deadlines, the Delhi Development Authority (DDA) has now fixed November 17, Monday as the date for the lucky draw. The draw of lots for DDA's housing scheme 2014 will be held at DDA headquarter Vikas Sadan and will start at 11.30am. The draw will also be webcast and people can watch it live by going to this link - http://www.ddadrawlive.in/
The DDA's housing scheme is a lottery that most Delhiites warm up to. But, as is the norm with lotteries, only few win.
The DDA’s housing scheme 2014 is its biggest ever with 25,034 flats on offer, even though 95% of these are one-bedroom flats.
Prices for the flats range from Rs. 6.10 lakh for a Janta flat to Rs. 1.20 crore for a three-bedroom flat. Prices of two bedroom flats are in the Rs. 70 lakh range, while the average price of one-bedroom flats range between Rs. 14 and Rs. 20 lakh.
The land development agency sold 17 lakh housing scheme forms. The number of applications was low in the first month, but eventually a record 10,08,700 applications came in after the scheme was extended.
What are your chances then if you have applied for a flat under the scheme? Rather slim.
For every flat, there are approximately 40 applicants, which gives you a 2.5% chance of landing that dream home. Though better than the 2010 housing scheme, when there were 46 applicants for a flat, you still need to be very lucky when the DDA holds its draw of lots, which itself has been delayed several times .
The DDA’s flats are not particularly known for their construction quality, space and designs, but the lure of a Delhi address triggers a mad rush every time the agency announces a scheme.
“The reason DDA flats are so popular is because there is a demand and supply mismatch of 90% in Delhi. The DDA is the only developer as no one else is allowed to build group housing projects,” said Ramesh Menon, Director at Certes Realty, a real estate consultancy firm.
“The DDA sells a two-bedroom flat at Rs. 70-80 lakh, a price for which you can only get a flat in an unauthorised colony in Delhi or in distant sectors of Gurgaon or Greater Noida.”
According to Menon, DDA flats are usually shabby and most of the agency’s housing projects do not provide proper amenities, but the location and affordable pricing clinch make it a winner.
A flat that the DDA sells for Rs. 50 to Rs. 70 lakh would be available for Rs. 1-2 crore when bought at market prices, which attracts more investors than end users.
“Those working in or near Delhi find it easier to commute from a DDA flat because of the location and also because most of these areas are well connected by public transport,” Menon said. “Also, schools and hospitals are present near these housing complexes along with other infrastructure.”
Menon, however, said since DDA had a monopoly over housing in Delhi, it should also be accountable and offer better products. “It has only made 3.5 lakh residential units since its inception, while the demand has grown manifold.”

Marksheet row: I ll quit if allegations proved  says minister KatheriaWill quit if charges proved, says minister Katheria
Hemendra Chaturvedi , Hindustan Times  Agra, November 14, 2014
First Published: 20:00 IST(14/11/2014) | Last Updated: 01:31 IST(15/11/2014)
Newly inducted minister of state for HRD, Ram Shankar Katheria again found himself amid controversy over allegation that his graduation and post-graduation marksheets are forged.
Union minister of state for HRD Ram Shankar Katheria. (HT Photo)
Tajendra Rajora, a Congressman and convenor of Bapu Smarak Sangarsh Samiti, had recently raised objection to Katheria’s induction into the Union cabinet, claiming that two dozen criminal cases were pending against him. Rajora alleged that the MP from Agra had forged his marksheets. The Congress leader also demanded Katheria’s resignation on moral grounds and sought an independent inquiry into the issue.
On Friday, the minister, however, refuted the charges saying they were “politically motivated” and claimed that he would resign both as minister and as MP, if the allegations were proved to be correct.
Katheria had won the Lok Sabha elections for the first time in 2009. He defeated BSP candidate Kunwar Chand Vakil, who later filed an FIR at a local police station alleging that Katheria’s marksheet for graduation and post-graduation were forged. The matter reached the Allahabad high court in 2010, but was referred back to Agra’s sessions court. The court of additional district judge (first) will now hear the matter on November 25.
“The required investigation had been done by the then circle officer Aseem Chaudhary and my marksheet and caste certificate were found in order. But the matter is still pending in court in Agra,” stated Katheria who questioned why the FIR was lodged by BSP candidate and not by the education minister, vice-chancellor or the district magistrate.
Katheria won the election again in 2014 and was recently inducted as MoS for HRD in the Modi cabinet. After this, the marksheet controversy cropped up again.
Regarding the 2010 case related to his marksheet from Kanpur University, Katheria alleged that the complainant (the BSP candidate) had lodged the case using his clout in the then Mayawati government in UP - that too after 10 years of his appointment as reader at Agra university.
“All the cases filed against me were over the protests I lodged in the interest of the masses and none of them were of serious nature. Further, no case has been filed against me during the last two and half years (after the end of the BSP rule in state),” stated Katheria, who asserted that if proved guilty, he would quit both as MP and minister.

Demand for professors release mountsUpdated: November 15, 2014 00:40 IST
Demand for professor’s release mounts
Special Correspondent
Senior advocate Bypa Arun Kumar speaking at a press conference in Visakhapatnam on Friday. --- photo: C.V.Subrahmanyam
Various organisations term his arrest illegal and undemocratic
Arrest of Jara Appa Rao, associate professor of Telugu, Andhra University, was illegal and undemocratic and he must be released unconditionally without any delay, his colleagues at the university, representatives of advocates’ associations, employees’ associations and ST and SC associations, renewed their demand on Friday.
At a press meet organised by 12 associations, their representatives expressed their pain over the way the professor was arrested from his quarters at 1 a.m. Some expressed the view that such acts by the police would send wrong signals to society and also to the downtrodden sections.
G. Subba Rao, convenor of Lawyers’ Forum for Social Justice, said no one was above law and the guilty would be punished, but there was a need to follow norms regarding affecting an arrest in a democratic set-up. Vice-Chancellor and Registrar of the university should have been informed before Prof. Appa Rao was arrested, he said. No illegal material was seized from Prof. Appa Rao and he was arrested on the confession of two other accused, Mr. Subba Rao pointed out.
Senior advocate Bypa Arun Kumar said any one pulling up the government’s misdeeds was being branded as a terrorist. Police should have talked to the AU authorities before arresting Prof. Appa Rao, and also rights of a Girijan were violated, Mr. Arun Kumar said.
Devara Venu, professor of Department of Marine Living Resources, said Prof. Appa Rao helped every section of the students but faced a lot of harassment in the hands of the police. Former HoD of Telugu G. Yohan Babu recalled the help and support Prof. Appa Rao extended to his students. Probe sought
I.M. Ahmed, convenor of Coastal Andhra Muslim Intellectuals Association, wanted the Governor, who is Chancellor of the university, to order an inquiry into the issue.
S. Surappadu, a retired HoD of Hindi, felt that such arrests were taking place because the intellectuals were keeping silent and they were also guilty because they failed to respond to the arrest. A. Simhachalam Naidu of APSTEW Association, Killo Dharma Roy of AU ST Employees’ Association, L. Rama of APSTE Association, O. Ramalingam of Girijana Ikya Vedika and others also spoke.

In Oz  Modi takes selfies with students  meets world leadersComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Brisbane on Friday fresh from a breakthrough agreement with the US on food security that is likely to boost his image at the weekend G20 summit, where retrieving black money will be high on his agenda.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (File Photo)
The deal, which paves the way for a global trade pact at next month's World Trade Organization (WTO) council meet, drew praise from leaders of leading industrial nations Japan and the UK as well as the European Union during Modi's meetings with his British and Japanese counterparts, David Cameron and Shinzo Abe, and EU president Herman von Rompuy.
"The three leaders congratulated the PM and extended their support when the matter comes up before the World Trade Organization (WTO). They also said all the countries can now move together," foreign ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
The Indo-US deal is expected to give Modi the leverage to push at the G-20 summit India's agenda to dig up black money stashed abroad and to step up global cooperation against cross-border tax avoidance and evasion.
"A key issue for me would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money," Modi said before he left for his three-nation tour, underscoring the promise he made before the general elections in May.
It was a sunny day at Brisbane as Modi stepped out of his Special Air India plane at the international airport after an overnight flight from Myanmar where he attended two back-to-back international summits and had a string of bilateral meetings.
"Reached Brisbane. It is bright and sunny outside," Modi tweeted.
The first Indian Prime Minister to visit Australia since Rajiv Gandhi in 1986, Modi's first engagement of the day was a visit to the Queensland University of Technology where he wrote on an agricultural robot a message in Gujarati: "Research is the mother of development."
He also wished the students on Children's Day and indulged them with a selfie session. "I am fortunate to be among children on Chacha Nehru's birthday," an MEA tweet quoted Modi as saying. But the highlight of the day was his dinner with Abe and the bonhomie between the two leaders who follow each other on Twitter. "Happy to meet you once again," he told Abe, who hosted the dinner for Modi in their second interaction in three months.
The Prime Minister had his first meeting with Cameron who said relations with India are at the "top of the priorities of UK's foreign policy".
Modi is expected to use the G20 summit of the world's biggest developed and emerging economies, to flag India's concerns over "jobless growth" prospects.
WTO secretary-general Roberto Azevedo said the resolution of the row between India and the US over food subsidies has breathed new life into the global organization while EU chief Rompuy told Modi the 28-nation bloc was keen on "re-engaging" with India in all areas, especially trade.
Modi got off to a flying start even before the G20 summit began with US president Barack Obama described him "as a man of action" during their meeting on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit in Myanmar.

With focus on Thailand  trade fair kicksoffThe fair will be on till November 27 and will be open to the public from November 19.
New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:20 am
Gargi Verma
The 34th India International Trade Fair was inaugurated by President Pranab Mukherjee on Friday. The partner country for this year is South Africa and the focus country and state are Thailand and Delhi, respectively.
“Free trade benefits all nations and increases their standards of living and prosperity”, the President said.
He also commended the Indian Trade Promotion Organisation’s efforts and  emphasised on ‘Make in India’.
“Over 6,800 exhibitors are participating in IITF 2014 as against 6,000 exhibitors last  year. It is one of the largest trade fairs in the world,” ITPO Chairperson and Managing Director Rita Menon said.
All stalls highlighted their theme through their décor. While the Assam pavilion’s exterior was decorated with cut-outs of notable women from the state, the Punjab pavilion had a huge statue of a woman carving herself. The West Bengal and Kerala pavilions also showcased women’s goods in their décor.
“We have been coming here for three years. We like it when people appreciate our products,” Rohima, a weaver from West Bengal, said.
“The fair provides an excellent opportunity for us to find talent from faraway places for our business,” Sinha, a businessman from Bihar, said.
The fair will be on till November 27 and will be open to the public from November 19.
Other dignitaries present included Union Ministers Kalraj Mishra, Nirmala Sitharaman, Deputy Trade and Industry Minister of South Africa Elizabeth Thabethe, Minister of the Royal Thai Embassy Soonthorn Chaiyindeepum, among others.

FinMin notifies liberalised depository receiptsschemePrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:19 am
The finance ministry has notified a liberalised depository receipts scheme that includes new asset classes such as debentures and mutual funds, as well as unlisted firms to raise funds abroad but was missing a crucial element of tax clarity.
“This scheme may be called the Depository Receipts Scheme, 2014 and will come into effect from December 15, 2014,” said the notification.
Depository receipts (DRs) are financial securities that consist of shares of a listed company but are denominated in foreign currency such as the US dollar and are issued to foreign investors.
Under the new scheme, domestic companies as well as other persons, will be allowed to issue DRs in all kinds of permissible securities including shares, debentures, derivatives, units of a mutual fund, collective investment schemes and government securities.
Further, they can be issued by unsponsored DRs on the back of listed permissible securities on the condition that they “give the holder the right to issue voting instructions and are listed on an international exchange”.
In India, firms can issue both American Depository Receipts as well as Global Depository Receipts to foreign investors but their underlying value of these can only accessed through equity. Unsponsored receipts were also not permitted.
The move comes following an announcement by finance minister Arun Jaitley in the Union Budget.
Earlier, a report by former Sebi member MS Sahoo on revamping the American Depository Receipts and Global Depository Receipt schemes had also suggested the same.
However, much needed tax clarity is still missing from the scheme as the Income Tax Act, 1961 does not recognise the new asset classes. “Some of the asset classes are not recognised for tax purposes,” said a senior finance ministry official.
An enabling provision was not made in the Finance Bill, 2014 and officials indicated that it would be allowed only next fiscal onwards.

SBI posts 31% rise in Q2 net profit on interestincomePrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:16 am
Aided by an improvement in interest income and tight control on expenses, State Bank of India, India’s largest lender, on Friday reported 31 per cent jump in its net profit at Rs 3,100 crore in the September quarter as against Rs 2,375 crore in the year-ago period.
SBI’s total interest income grew 9.85 per cent to Rs 37,263 crore in the quarter from Rs 33,922 crore. Net interest income increased by 8.36 per cent to Rs 13,275 crore in quarter from Rs 12,251 crore.
“The net profit is coming from the improved numbers as our interest income has gone up. Also, our expenses are very well controlled with overall operating expenses going up by 2.23 per cent,” SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya said. The bank saw improvement in the asset quality with gross NPA (non-performing assets) ratio at 4.89 per cent as against 5.64 per cent. Net NPA improved to 2.73 per cent from 2.91 per cent in the same period last year. “When we will see asset quality is improving, I don’t believe that we will really see anything very sharp because this downturn has been very deep,” Bhattacharya said.
“Once we see the demand cycle coming back, definitely we can begin to see things happening at a faster pace,” she said, adding that was still about a year away. Fresh slippages in the quarter stood at Rs 7,700 crore as against Rs 8,365 crore in the same period last year. Bhattacharya said the slippages were across the board. “In agriculture sector, we have seen a sharp spike in slippages (in Q1FY15) and that has not smoothened out. We are hopeful that in agriculture sector we will see some substantial pull back because of the instalment for debt waiver in Telangana have already been received and in other state it is also expected,” Bhattacharya said.
SBI’s recovery stood at Rs 965 crore in the period compared to Rs 1,414 crore year-ago. The bank upgraded Rs 1,670 crore of loans while it wrote off Rs 4,787 crore. It restructured Rs 4,351 crore of advances and has a pipeline of Rs 3,000 crore going forward. Shares of SBI rose by over 2 per cent on the BSE on Friday.
Saday Sinha, banking analyst, Kotak Securities, said, “SBI’s net profit was marginally higher than our expectations on the back of flat opex and lower tax payment while robust non-interest income helped in strong net revenue figure. The asset quality has remained stable.”

JNU student arrested formolestationPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:14 am
A 28-year-old MA student was arrested on charges of molesting a girl inside Jawaharlal Nehru University’s library. Police said the incident was reported on Tuesday. In a written complaint to police, the woman alleged that the accused made lewd comments about her when she entered the library.
She also alleged that he tried to pull her towards him. When she asked him to apologise for the act, he refused and instead starting passed comments on her.
“The woman said that he tried to corner her in the library and touched her inappropriately. She made a call to the police control room and officers reached the spot. The accused was arrested from the library,” a senior police officer said.
Police have recorded the woman’s statement. A case of molestation has been registered against the man at Vasant Kunj( North) station.
He has been remanded in judicial custody.

AAP  BJP  Cong jostle to takecreditPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:11 am
No sooner had the Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) announced a rollback in the power tariff hike, than the BJP, the AAP and the Congress rushed in to take credit.
The regulatory body categorically stated that the rollback was not due to political pressure.  Political parties, however, differed. The BJP claimed that the rollback was due to the “atmosphere” it created, AAP said it was because it had threatened to launch another movement and the Congress claimed that it was due to its threat of a hunger strike.
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said, “In the last 24 hours, the BJP had created an atmosphere of protest. We were helped by the media. This forced DERC to recall its decision to hike power tariff.” He said BJP would go to any extent to fulfil its commitment of cheap and regular power supply in Delhi.
The AAP leaders pointed out that it was they who had consistently maintained that power tariff structure in Delhi should not be touched until the account books of discoms are scrutinised by the Comptroller & Auditor General.
“The BJP is under tremendous pressure from power companies to increase power tariffs. In the last 20 hours, it is clear that DERC is not an autonomous institution and it works on the government’s direction. The proof of this is when the AAP challenged the decision, the BJP got scared and the DERC withdrew its decision,” AAP leader Yogendra Yadav said.
In a statement, the AAP, also said, “The DERC’s U-turn has proved that it allowed its autonomy to be trampled by the BJP’s Central government and the unresponsive Delhi administration with the sole intention of letting the private power distribution companies (discoms) impose an unnecessary burden on the people.”
The Congress blamed the “unrealistic” promises of BJP and AAP and said the BJP had promised a reduction in power tariff by 30 per cent, without subsidy. “They are misleading the people of Delhi. Harsh Vardhan and other leaders of the BJP had made these promises. But now they have gone back on their word and overturned all its decisions,” Delhi Congress chief Arvinder Singh Lovely said.

Two states  three UTs achieve 100% inclusion in JanDhanPrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:05 am
In a major boost to the government’s efforts at financial inclusion, Goa, Kerala, Chandigarh, Puducherry and Lakshadweep have become the first states in the country to boast of at least one bank account for every household.
“States of Kerala and Goa, union territories of Chandigarh, Puducherry and Lakshadweep and three districts of Gujarat — Porbandar, Mehasana, Gandhinagar have been declared as 100 per cent saturated in terms of coverage of all households with at least one bank account,” the finance ministry said in a statement on Friday.
According to official data available till November 5, 11.26 lakh bank accounts were opened in Kerala, followed by 77,485 accounts in Goa, 1.36 lakh accounts in Chandigarh, 69,819 accounts in Puducherry and 3,588 accounts in Lakshadweep under the Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana (PMJDY).
Prime minister Narendra Modi had launched the scheme on August 28 with the goal of eradicating “financial untouchability” of the poor by opening at least one bank account for every family in the country in less than six months.
At the time banks had been given a target of opening 7.5 crore accounts under the scheme. Each of the accounts come with a debit card, Rs 1 lakh accidental insurance policy and Rs 30,000 free medical insurance cover for those who enroll before January 26. As on November 10, 7.24 crore accounts have been opened under PMJDY of which 4.29 crore in rural and 2.95 crore are in urban areas. RuPay Cards have been issued in case of 3.97 crore accounts.

F1 not chasing youth  says BernieEcclestone‘The youth cannot afford luxury watches, and is more interested in social media,’ said Ecclestone. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | London | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:04 am | Updated: November 18, 2014 9:55 am
Formula One would rather cater for rich over-70s than chase a younger generation that cannot afford luxury watches and is more interested in social media, says Bernie Ecclestone.
In a wide-ranging interview with Campaign Asia-Pacific magazine (campaignasia.com), the 84-year-old Briton said teenagers were uninterested in the sort of high end global sponsors his series was promoting.
“Young kids will see the Rolex (watch) brand but are they going to go and buy one? They can’t afford it. Or our other sponsor UBS — these kids don’t care about banking. They haven’t got enough money to put in the bloody banks anyway,” he said.
“Why do they want to do that? Is it to sell them something? Most of these kids haven’t got any money. I’d rather get to the 70-year-old guy who’s got plenty of cash. “So, there’s no point trying to reach these kids because they won’t buy any of the products here and if marketers are aiming at this audience, they maybe they should advertise with Disney.”
Ecclestone was also dismissive of efforts to widen Formula One’s demographic, with all the teams now employing social media specialists to raise their presence at a time when some television audiences are declining. Many drivers, not just those who made their debuts as teenagers but also the older ones, are also avid users of Twitter and other social platforms.
Caterham IS back
The Caterham Formula One team will race in next week’s Abu Dhabi season-ender despite still falling short of a targeted 2.35 million pounds ($3.7 million) to get them there, an administrator said.
A tally on crowdfunding website http://www.crowdcube.com showed the team, who have missed the last two races, had raised 1.87 million, or 79 percent of the target sum, with nine hours remaining.
Administrator Finbarr O’Connell, representing Smith & Williamson, said the team would be going anyway.
“We now head to Abu Dhabi ready to show what a hard-working and positive group of people this is and to hopefully secure a future for the team,” he said.

Dow s megaphone pattern
Mook Mafia email leak casts Hillaryland in a negative lightBy Jose A. DelReal November 14 Follow jdelreal
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has yet to announced if she intends to run for president.  (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta, File)
A cache of emails from a private listserv maintained by Democratic operatives Robby Mook and Marlon Marshall — contenders for top positions on Hillary Clinton's potential presidential campaign — was leaked to ABC News and published Friday. But rather than coming from Republican rivals, which wouldn't be terribly surprising, the leak reportedly came from within the group's ranks.
The episode does more than showcase the jockeying that's already happening in Hillaryland before a would-be campaign has even been announced. It's also a vivid reminder that Clinton's 2008 race was frequently cited as a case study in how behind-the-scenes squabbling can derail a frontrunner. And it contributes to an already-existing narrative that the new Clinton campaign is highly susceptible to similar infighting.
Some background: Mook and Marshall have long been said to maintain a network known as the “Mook Mafia," which ABC reports has an email list that reaches around 150 political operatives around the country. The existence of the group has been reported before, as has the strong allegiance Mook has cultivated among veteran campaign ops.  The content of the group’s exchanges, however, has largely remained private.
Reports ABC’s Rick Klein:
Copies of a cache of the emails obtained by ABC News, and revealed publicly for the first time, show Mook and [Marlon Marshall] demonstrating an aggressive tone in rallying their friends behind political causes, in exchanges that are often self-mocking and sometimes border on being profane.
They include rallying cries to, in Mook’s words, “smite Republicans mafia-style,” and, to quote Marshall, “punish those voters.” Mook sometimes calls himself “Deacon” in the emails, while Marshall, now a senior White House aide, refers to himself as “Reverend” in many of the exchanges.
The content of the emails doesn't seem to be particularly damaging. My colleague Aaron Blake over at The Fix has an excellent take on the "bro-tastic" tenor of the emails and what it says about the 2016 Democratic field.
ABC reports that the leaker has worked on Democratic campaigns alongside Mook and Marshall. According to the report, the leaker does not support Mook or Marshall as potential Clinton campaign managers, strongly indicating that as the motivation for the leak.
The clearest target of the email release seems to be Mook, who has a long history in Democratic politics and is considered a top talent by both Republicans and Democrats. Mook worked with Howard Dean and John Kerry during their 2004 presidential campaigns and, by 2008,  was working as a top aide on Hillary Clinton's presidential bid. His other notable roles include executive director of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and campaign manager for Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe’s 2013 election.
Marshall is also a hugely respected operative in Democratic politics. Currently a special assistant to the president, Marshall has served as the national field director for the DCCC and deputy national field director for the Obama campaign in 2012.
It's hard to see how chatter disqualifying top talents like Mook and Marshall would be a good thing for Clinton's presidential prospects. Instead, veiled intraparty attacks and media leaks contribute to the very narrative that could hurt Clinton in the future. In the wake of her 2008 primary loss to now-President Barack Obama, publication after publication reported on the frequent and vitriolic disagreements among the top members of her staff.
Those reports not only explained how Clinton went from the "inevitable" candidate to a bitter loser, but also called into question Clinton's ability to manage her staff. And those points are still very much on the minds of political watchers—comprising reporters, Republican rivals, and even potential Democratic challengers—who stand ready to scrutinize Clinton's every move if she chooses to run for president.
Social media was buzzing Friday in response to the email leak:
The news is less what's in these emails/juvenile stuff than someone dumping oppo on Mook http://t.co/Mf09Df6Qhg
— Maggie Haberman (@maggiepolitico) November 14, 2014
Whoa the quiet struggle for control of the Clinton campaign just blew up in the open. Off to a good start here. http://t.co/opTKcBYHcV
— Ben Smith (@BuzzFeedBen) November 14, 2014
@rickklein @maggiepolitico takes awfully sad, pathetic person to leak these emails. They're obviously kidding around. — Tommy Vietor (@TVietor08) November 14, 2014
As a member of the Juicebox Mafia I don’t see what’s offensive here. http://t.co/eDQVZRtuUP

Some badly needed good news for ObamacareBy Aaron Blake November 14 Follow @aaronblakewp
Alan Hoyle, left, with Wake Up Ministry protests Obamacare outside the Supreme Court building in Washington on June 30, 2014. (Jim Lo Scalzo/European Pressphoto Agency)
One of the biggest complaints of the pro-Obamacare crowd is that he media never covers the good news: Specifically, the number of Americans the Affordable Care Act has allowed to obtain ... well ... affordable care, and just how happy people are with it.
Enter: A new Gallup poll .
The poll shows those who have enrolled in health insurance plans under Obamacare are quite happy with the coverage they have received -- about as happy as the rest of Americans are with their insurance, at least.
The poll shows about three-quarters of Obamacare enrollees rate their quality of care as either excellent (32 percent) or good (42 percent). Among all people who are insured, the numbers are slightly higher, at 38 percent and 43 percent. (Those numbers, we would note, include Obamacare enrollees, so the non-Obamacare-enrollee numbers would be even slightly higher.)
As for the quality of their care, Obamacare enrollees are slightly less likely to label it "excellent" -- 25 percent, versus 29 percent of everyone -- but a similar percentage rate it positively overall -- 71 percent, versus 72 percent of everyone.
The poll also shows these newly insured Americans are even happier with the cost of insurance than other Americans. Three-quarters (75 percent) say they're satisfied with the cost of their plans, while 61 percent of all Americans agree with that statement.
(Most of these newly insured folks were priced out of the market before, when employer plans were far more cost-effective.)
Of course, all the talk this week has been about Jonathan Gruber's controversial comments about how Obamacare was passed into law . And more Americans continue to dislike the law than approve of it .
But as the second enrollment period opens Saturday, at the very least, the reviews for Obamacare among those who benefit from it are strong.
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.

USAJobs.gov board for feds to be revamped  OPM chief promisesBy Lisa Rein November 14 Follow @Reinlwapo
OPM Director Katherine Archuleta throws the first pitch at a Nationals game on May 6. (Patrick McDermott/Washington Nationals).
The federal government’s personnel chief said Friday that her agency is revamping the much-maligned job board USAJobs.gov “to make sure it’s just what our applicants need and our hiring managers find helpful.”
Katherine Archuleta, director of the Office of Personnel Management, said the revamp is designed to help applicants through the often-cumbersome process of applying for federal employment.
“We’re looking at all the parts” of USAJobs.gov, Archuleta said at an hour-long digital Town Hall for federal workers and others interested in joining the government. “Let’s take a look at the language we’re using [in job announcements].  Let’s make sure we don’t have redundant questions,” she said. In short, let’s try again to streamline a process that has confounded applicants for years.
“We’re looking at USAJobs from beginning to end,” Archuleta said, calling the redo “USAJobs 2.0.”
 
Archuleta, a year into her tenure as personnel chief, took questions via Google Hangouts, live streaming and Twitter,  Instagram and Facebook on the government’s efforts to recruit young people, veterans’ preference in hiring, telework and how to keep civil servants engaged in their work after years of salary freezes, furloughs and Republican-led efforts in Congress to reduce some of their benefits.
Steve Ressler, founder of GovLoop, the popular social networking site for feds, served as facilitator for the meeting, which was streamed live on YouTube from OPM headquarters in downtown Washington.
Archuleta said she has traveled the country in the past year to meet with federal workers about their concerns and recruit new employees, including veterans, to a government focused on “how we develop the next generation of leaders” now that thousands of retirement-age civil servants are leaving.
She acknowledged the the millenial generation tends to view federal service as one stop in a career that includes private-sector and nonprofit jobs. To keep the younger generation in government, “We’re looking at young leadership and how to grow it,” she said. “How are we making sure we keep our employees engaged so they feel good about what they’re doing?”
Asked to respond to concerns that the government is giving veterans such a leg up in hiring that non-veterans have trouble getting in the door, Archuleta said that veterans “bring a richness and talent” to government: “We need to take advantage of all we’ve invested in our military.”
USAJobs.gov, the main job site for federal employment, has discouraged applicants for years, with its lengthy résumé requirements and voluminous questions. Applicants complain that they apply for open positions only to hear nothing from the agency that posted the job. They also say that getting through the process is based less on talent and more on how well they tailor their résumé to keywords in the job listing.
OPM spent millions of dollars in 2011 to revamp the site, but the launch was plagued by delays and computer glitches.
 

A SCOTUS ruling against Obamacare: Health care for the poor  but not for the working middle classIf the Supreme Court kills Obamacare’s subsidies to people in the states on the federal exchanges, more than four million people in those states would likely see their premiums rise, probably forcing many to drop health coverage altogether.
This will create a very interesting question for Republican governors and legislators in some of these states, one with implications that people haven’t gamed out yet.
The question is this: Will these legislators really support federal money flowing into their states to help poor people continue to get health care, while opposing federal money flowing into their states in a way that could result in working and middle class people losing their health care?
Here’s why this question could arise. It turns on the fact that there are three categories of states: Those which set up exchanges and opted into the Medicaid expansion (full participants in the law); those which declined both (full resistance states); and those which declined to set up exchanges but opted in to the Medicaid expansion (partial resistance states). This last category is where things get very interesting.
Overall, roughly three dozen states declined to set up their own exchanges, and ended up on the federal exchanges instead. People in all of them would lose subsidies if SCOTUS determined that the law does not actually provide for subsidies to people in states on the federal exchanges.
At that point, the SCOTUS decision could be undone by a simple Congressional fix to the law (which seems unlikely) or by governors in those states agreeing to set up exchanges to keep subsidies flowing to their constituents (which seems marginally more likely, but hardly a certainty).
Many of those states that didn’t set up exchanges also declined to opt in to the Medicaid expansion for the same reason — resistance to Obamacare.
However, there are a number of states that declined to set up their own exchanges but have nonetheless opted in to the Medicaid expansion. There are some 15 states in this latter category.
In these states, declining to set up exchanges appeared — at first — to have no practical consequences in terms of the law’s benefits. The federal government set them up, and subsidies are now flowing to residents who qualified for them — because they have incomes from 100 percent to 400 percent of the federal poverty line — thus helping them get coverage. Meanwhile, federal money is also enabling those states’ poorer residents get coverage through the Medicaid expansion.
But now, in these states, if the subsidies are nixed, the Medicaid expansion will remain. And that means, suddenly, a situation in which poor people’s health coverage is being subsidized by the feds, while the health coverage of slightly better off people, folks who are more likely to be working, is not — leaving them potentially without it.
This is a very different situation than the one facing GOP governors in states that didn’t set up an exchange or opt into the Medicaid expansion. In those states, federal money for health care would now go to nobody. But in these other states, a situation that seems politically hard to defend — poor people get federal money for coverage, but slightly better off people, who are more likely to be working, will now likely lose it — will arise.
And we’re talking about a lot of people, and a lot of states. The chart below — which is based on the Kaiser Family Foundation’s calculations, using federal data — tells the story:
Source: Kaiser Family Foundation
The chart shows all of the 15 states that are implementing the Medicaid expansion, but also declined to set up their own exchanges, which means they stand to lose federal subsidies if SCOTUS rules that way (states that partnered with the feds to establish exchanges also stand to lose subsidies).
For each state, the column under “subsidized enrollees” shows an approximation of the numbers who might lose subsidies — and hence, their health coverage. Meanwhile, the column under “Medicaid increase” shows the numbers who would simultaneously keep their health coverage. You can see that in some of these states, these are pretty big numbers — and pretty big disparities.
Now, these numbers are admittedly imperfect, because they only reflect the numbers of people set to get subsidies after signing up during open enrollment, some of whom may not have ended up paying. But the Kaiser Family Foundation’s Larry Levitt tells me this is all we’ve got, and says these numbers are useful as a general guide to the situation that could develop.
“Any state that has accepted the Medicaid expansion is a state that has agreed to go along with Obamacare to some degree — these are not states that are just complete refuseniks,” Levitt tells me. “If the Supreme Court sides with the plaintiffs, you would have a situation where these states are taking Obamacare money to cover poor people, but would be in effect refusing federal money to cover middle income working people.”
“That would certainly create a dilemma for these states,” Levitt continues. “It would likely lead them to want to figure out how to create an exchange and continue subsidies.”
Conservatives, of course, could argue that this isn’t all that unfair a situation: These states would now only be providing federal money to cover those who need it most — those on the Medicaid expansion, and not those who are a bit better off. But still, given that many people in these states are already benefiting from subsidies now enabling them to get coverage, telling them they will lose it — while their counterparts on the Medicaid expansion won’t — seems politically difficult and hard to justify.
Alternatively, conservatives could also argue that the only way to make the situation fair is to nix the Medicaid expansion in these states, too — after all, many conservatives oppose the expansion on philosophical grounds. But GOP governors in these states, of course, have already opted to cover their poorer citizens this way, and don’t appear likely to nix it, something that would also be strongly opposed by hospitals and providers.
To be sure, these governors might look at the new situation, shrug, let the subsidies go “poof,” and say, “tough luck — this unfair situation was created by Obama and Democrats.” On the other hand, as Dylan Scott details , the federal government could make it very easy for states to set up their own exchanges.  This looming disparity — and a desire to avoid it — might give them an incentive to do that.
And by the way, if some of them did, it could go some way towards mitigating the impact of a bad SCOTUS decision. Restoring the subsidies in some of these states — some of them are pretty big — would bring a lot of people back into the system. So perhaps a bad decision might not end up being quite as catastrophic over the long term as expected. Perhaps.
**********************************************************
UPDATE: It should be noted that a handful of the 15 states in question have Democratic governors. I’m assuming those will be more likely to fix any adverse SCOTUS ruling. Meanwhile GOP governors run, or will run, most of the bigger states on that list.
Greg Sargent writes The Plum Line blog, a reported opinion blog with a liberal slant -- what you might call “opinionated reporting” from the left.

Intermission: Back to BaltimoreBy Alyssa Rosenberg November 14 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
With “Foxcatcher” opening this weekend, the Academy Awards race is fully opened. As I wrote earlier this week, the pickings for potential Best Actress nominees have been slim , but in general, the Oscar candidates do not seem to have anyone particularly excited about anything. So in an effort to perk myself up, tell me: What movies coming out between now and the end of December are you most excited about?
A photo of Adnan Syed from 1998. He is serving a life sentence plus 30 years for killing his ex-girlfriend Hae Min Lee. He is the subject of the podcast “Serial,” created by Sarah Koenig.
• “ The City That Bleeds ,” by Alan Sepinwall: Television critic Alan Sepinwall reads the podcast phenomenon “Serial” against two other stories about death in Baltimore, “Homicide: Life on the Street” and “The Wire.”
“The first big ‘Homicide’ story arc involved the murder of a little girl named Adena Watson, the first major case worked together by Andre Braugher’s Frank Pembleton and Kyle Secor’s Tim Bayliss. ‘Homicide’ tracked the investigation over multiple episodes until the two cops settled on a local fruit merchant (in Baltimore parlance, an ‘Araber’) as the most obvious suspect,” Sepinwall tells us. “In an episode called ‘Three Men and Adena,’ Pembleton and Bayliss bring the Araber in for one long interrogation that will be their last chance at closing the case. They talk and talk and talk, and at one point come incredibly close to eliciting a confession, before time runs out on the interview, and the investigation. They think the Araber did it, but they’ll never get a conviction, and never know for sure. But that lack of an arrest and/or a concrete explanation for Adena’s murder takes no impact away from the episode — it is, in fact, one of the very best hours of TV drama ever produced.”
• “ The Feminist Legacy of ‘The Little Mermaid’s’ Divisive, ‘Sexy’ Ariel ,” by Lenika Cruz: Cruz goes back and looks at the reviews of “The Little Mermaid” to see what people thought of Ariel 25 years ago, and to look at the standards by which people have judged Disney heroines in the years before and since.
“If looking back at the very first reviews of ‘The Little Mermaid’ reveals anything, it’s how pop culture’s loose, collective definition of ‘heroine,’ changes over time, sometimes dramatically,” she writes. “What makes a good animated female role model? Should she be opinionated? Bookish? Suspicious of authority? Loyal? Irreverent or even hostile toward traditional gender roles? The nebulous and never-stagnant answer is determined in part by cultural critics and media-makers on one side, and by parents and children themselves on the other. Before ‘The Little Mermaid,’ Disney had a short roster of titular female leads, many of whom spent a good chunk of the film asleep—Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, Alice, and Snow White. So what if Ariel spends most of the film without a voice? At least she’s awake.”
• “ The Two Michael Sams ,” by Joel Anderson: Michael Sam Jr. has been in firm control of his own narrative since it became clear that he would be the first openly gay man to play professional football. But with his short career potentially over already, Joel Anderson tracked down Sam’s estranged father, who shares his name.
“With his childhood saturated with grief and his older brothers descending into crime, Michael Jr. would have had to be a saint not to look for someone to blame,” Anderson reports. “Conveniently, his father was already blaming himself. Out on the road, far away from home, Michael Sr. remained tormented by the loss of his boys. Teaching them toughness had backfired; he’d armed them with tools for survival in one world that wouldn’t work in almost any other. ‘Life was going to be tough on them,’ he said. ‘Your skin had to be tougher than the others. But I also wanted them to make the right decisions.’ Somewhere in these years, Michael Sr. began to lose the last of his sons — not to death or crime, but to rejection.”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Uber ridge sends temperatures soaring in Alaska  crashing in Lower 48By Angela Fritz November 14 Follow @angelafritz
Analysis of the Über Ridge over Alaska on Friday morning from the GFS model. (weatherbell.com)
It’s really cold across the U.S. this week. Temperatures have been running up to 40 degrees below average in the central U.S., and that cold air is now seeping east. Another Arctic invasion, which is expected to be even chillier than this week’s for the eastern states, is expected early next week.
But that’s only half the story.
If you’re looking for where all the warm air went, take a look in the Arctic, where surface temperatures are running up to 40 degrees above average.
Low temperatures were well below the freezing mark (blue) across much of the Lower 48 on Friday morning. (NOAA)
Casper, Wyo., bottomed out at an incredible minus 27 degrees on Wednesday night, blowing away the old all-time November cold record by six degrees. The polar plunge led the Cheyenne Weather Service office to write one of the longest record event reports I’ve ever seen, chronicling the week’s milestones.
Arctic Invasion: Today is coldest of season so far, but worse is yet to come for D.C.
Meanwhile in the Arctic Circle, lows were a balmy 23 degrees on Thursday morning in Barrow, Alaska – the furthest north weather station in the U.S. – a full 50 degrees warmer than they were in the Lower 48. Dozens of daily high records have been set this week across Alaska.
Surface temperature departure from average on Friday morning over the Arctic. (weatherbell.com modified by CWG)
Blame the meteorological flip flop on an über-ridge of high pressure that has built up the west coast of North America into the Arctic Circle. It’s also considered an “ Omega block ,” since the flow pattern forms an Omega on weather maps.
This week, the jet stream has been towering into the Arctic before crashing down into North America, bringing all of that cold, polar air with it.
Excuse me, Arctic? We’d like our jet stream back. (weatherbell.com)
In fact, the über-ridge is so über-y, it’s shattering Alaska records. Pardon me for a moment while I weather-geek out.
The Weather Channel’s Stu Ostro pointed out this morning that temperatures measured at 5,000 feet blew away the old records in Fairbanks, Alaska, by almost two degrees Celsius. You can see how significant this event is by looking at the previous records he lists, which were only broken by fractions of degrees.
850 mb November temperature record over Fairbanks shattered at 12 & 00 UTC in association with the über ridge pic.twitter.com/LcwmQl15UC
— Stu Ostro (@StuOstro) November 14, 2014
This weather reversal was brought to you by the Bering Sea storm , which pummeled the North Pacific just under a week ago. While that storm was exploding in intensity, it was also forming a massive ridge over western North America. Sea surface temperatures along the West Coast are running up to five degrees above average, and the storm channeled that warmth northward into the Arctic.
But what goes up must come down, a saying that is very appropriate for our weather this week. As that massive ridge was building north into the high latitudes, the cold, Arctic air that used to be up there had nowhere to go but south. Hence, record-smashing cold.
Unfortunately this pattern is forecast to stick around for at least another week, and the Lower 48 are in for another chilly treat on Monday and Tuesday, and this time, the East Coast won’t get off so easy .
Angela Fritz is an atmospheric scientist and The Post's deputy weather editor.

Georgetown (finally) has a new barking dog video  and this one actually stars the right dogBy Sarah Larimer November 14 Follow @slarimer
I went to college at Missouri, which, at the time, was not exactly very good at sports.
Because Missouri was not exactly very good at sports, the highlight of Mizzou football games often came before the game even started. As I recall, MU would play a pregame video, in which an animated tiger would run through campus on this delightful little jaunt that ended when it came upon a helmet or a football or something, which carried the logo of the opposing team.
The crowd would scream, and the the tiger would attack the helmet/football/whatever it was, and we’d all go nuts. It was absolutely the best part of Missouri football. I feel like I cannot emphasize this point enough.
I bring this up because I was thinking about the tiger today, when I heard the new Georgetown barking dog video.
Georgetown’s old barking dog video was … super old. (A Georgetown spokesman says it dates back to when the team played at the Cap Centre, so close to 20 years, probably.) And guys, that dog you hear — that isn’t even the proper dog. Yeah. It’s just some random audio clip of a dog barking.
That all changes this season. Because Jack the Bulldog has been in the studio, working hard. Laying down tracks. Not sleeping until he had achieved perfection, probably.
Jack's layin' down tracks in the studio, spittin' hot fire for basketball season. (via @… http://t.co/nsUtJ9jty0 pic.twitter.com/R8ELqf4Opj
— Jack the Bulldog (@GeorgetownJack) November 13, 2014
The result is a new Georgetown Dog bark video , which features Jack the Bulldog’s real-life barks, and improved growling action. Take a look!
You’ll be able to catch the video again when Georgetown opens its season Saturday at the Verizon Center .
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Simplistic and simple  fulsome and comprehensiveBy Eugene Volokh November 14 Follow @volokhc
From a brief I just read:
Plaintiffs have stated claims for the violation of the Second Amendment—the right to bear arms. Such right is explicitly spelled out in the Constitution, and has been even found to be a fundamental right by the Ohio General Assembly and the Ohio Supreme Court. [Citations.] This simplistic argument clearly refutes and defeats the motion to dismiss.
“Simplistic” isn’t just a fancy way of saying “simple”: In the words of the Oxford English Dictionary, it means “Of the nature of, or characterized by, (extreme) simplicity. Now [usually] with the connotation of excessive or misleading simplification.” Not a good thing to say about your own argument.
Even if “simple” had become, through usage, an established alternative meaning for “simplistic,” I would still have counseled against using that meaning. Using the term “simplistic” will bring the negative connotation to the reader’s mind, even if there is an alternative meaning with a positive or neutral connotation. For instance, though “ fulsome ” has regained its archaic meaning of “abundant or copious” or “comprehensive,” as well as meaning “offensive to good taste, especially as being excessive; overdone or gross,” “disgusting; sickening; repulsive,” and “excessively or insincerely lavish,” any use of it will likely bring up the negative connotation to some readers, even if they quickly realize that the writer intends the positive definition.
But as best I can tell, “simplistic” has not even acquired an established alternate meaning of “simple.” Using “simplistic” to mean “simple” is contrary to common usage, even though the error occurs often enough that lexicographers have noticed it .
I assume, by the way, that such errors generally stem from some people’s tendency to try to use the fanciest versions of simple words they can find, as in “utilize” to mean simply “use.” That’s bad enough when the fancy word at least has the right definition, but often it leads people to use a fancy word with the wrong definition.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Petitions for certiorari filed in the Ohio marriage casesBy Dale Carpenter November 14
The ACLU and Lambda Legal have just filed a joint petition in a case seeking Ohio’s recognition of same-sex marriages performed validly out of state. I expect more to come very soon from the same-sex couples in the other three states (Kentucky, Michigan, and Tennessee) who were denied marriage licenses by their own states and who lost at the Sixth Circuit in DeBoer v. Snyder. This starts the clock ticking on a possible same-sex marriage decision this Term.  You can access the petition through this link . Here is the key paragraph explaining the need for Supreme Court review:
The Sixth Circuit majority’s ruling robs married same-sex spouses and their children of dignity and legal respect from cradle to grave. It squarely and irreconcilably conflicts with four other circuits on a question of pressing national importance–the right of committed same-sex spouses to lead their lives as married, protect each other and their children through marriage, and move securely among the states. The ruling can be expected to breed chaos in the courts, among employers, and, most fundamentally, in the lives of thousands of lesbian and gay families, who will have no assurance when they cross state lines that they will carry their marital statuses with them. More than 62 percent of the country lives in a state where same-sex couples can now marry.
Ohio’s refusal to respect marriages entered in those jurisdictions creates an intolerable situation for lesbian and gay spouses living, working, visiting, or otherwise having interactions in Ohio. The Sixth Circuit decision likewise exacerbates a split in the circuits on a separate question also deeply important to same-sex families and their children–whether a state must afford full faith and credit to sister state judgments of adoption of children parented by same-sex couples. The Ohio cases present excellent vehicles to resolve these issues now dividing the circuits and affecting families throughout the nation.
UPDATE: A petition has now been filed by the National Center for Lesbian Rights and other lawyers representing same-sex couples in Tennessee who were denied marriage within the state or were denied recognition of their out-of-state marriages, but who lost last week in the Sixth Circuit.  You can read the petition here .  Key passage:
This case provides an appropriate vehicle for the Court to address the critical constitutional issues on which the Sixth Circuit split from its sister courts. The court of appeals’ decision addresses each of the constitutional theories on which the right of same-sex couples to marry has been upheld by other courts of appeal, as well as the right of lawfully married same-sex couples to have their marriages recognized in their new state of residence. These petitioners raised in their complaint and briefs below the full range of overlapping, but distinct, legal theories to support their claim to have Tennessee recognize their marriages. They challenged: (1) the denial, in violation of the Due Process Clause, of their fundamental right to marry and the further right to have their lawful marriages respected; (2) violation of their right to travel, by stripping them of their marital status upon moving to Tennessee; and (3) violation of the Equal Protection Clause, based on the State’s unequal treatment, without justification, of same-sex couples like petitioners relating to marriage and marriage recognition. This Court has, in the past, indicated the overlapping nature of many of these rights, see Bolling v. Sharp, 347 U.S. 497, 499-500 (1954), and the petition affords the Court the opportunity to clarify different strands in its jurisprudence as it deems necessary. See, e.g., Lawrence v. Texas, 539 U.S. 558, 578-579 (2003) (relying on the Due Process Clause so as to clarify that Bowers no longer remained valid precedent).
Importantly, no jurisdictional or procedural defects would prevent the Court from finally resolving the critical constitutional questions that divide the courts of appeals.
 
Dale Carpenter is the Distinguished University Teaching Professor and Earl R. Larson Professor of Civil Rights & Civil Liberties Law at the University of Minnesota Law School. He teaches and writes in the areas of constitutional law; the freedoms of speech, association, and religion; and sexual orientation and the law.

The tense standoff between Catholic bishops and the Kenyan government over tetanus vaccinesBy Abby Ohlheiser November 14 Follow @abbyohlheiser
(iStock)
The Kenya Conference of Catholic Bishops and the Kenyan Health Ministry are locked in a heated battle over the safety of a tetanus vaccine that's being administered to women in the country. Although the government, UNICEF and the World Health Organization have all said that the vaccine is safe, the country's Catholic leaders say they have proof that the doses given to Kenyan women since March are "laced" with a fertility-inhibiting hormone.
That accusation, which was made in a public statement last week, carried the signature of about two dozen Kenyan Catholic leaders, including Cardinal John Njue, the archbishop of Nairobi. The controversy has since been taken up by the Kenyan parliament .
The accusations are the latest to target a long-running vaccination program, sponsored by WHO and UNICEF, which inoculates women of reproductive age against tetanus. Despite several controversies over the past few decades, there's no definitive proof that the current or previous tetanus inoculation campaigns have produced mass sterilizations in inoculated women as charged.
But the bishops' conference believes it finally has that proof and has come out swinging against the government-run program with a litany of accusations and charges about science and secrecy. "We shall not waver in calling upon all Kenyans to avoid the tetanus vaccination campaign laced with Beta-HCG, because we are convinced that it is indeed a disguised population control programme," the bishops said.
In a joint statement e-mailed to reporters this week, WHO and UNICEF said the "grave allegations" were "not backed up by evidence." The Kenyan government has also denied that the vaccination program is a secret mass sterilization effort.
At stake is the WHO- and UNICEF-sponsored Tetanus Toxoid, or TT, vaccination program, one that focuses on inoculating against a severe form of tetanus found in newborns by vaccinating women of reproductive age. The WHO says it concentrates these efforts on women who might become pregnant because inoculation can pass along antibodies to newborn infants.
The Kenyan initiative began earlier this year. Kenya is one of a couple dozen countries where tetanus remains a deadly health problem, particularly among newborns.
The science here is a little complex, but in short: Critics believe that the vaccines contain the Beta-hCG hormone, which in high doses, and administered in a particular way, may cause complications in pregnancy.
Both the bishops and health officials agree that if present, the hormone has no business being in the vaccine doses. But it's unclear whether the results of the tests ordered by the bishops are correct — and if they are, whether the samples contain enough of the hormone to have a contraceptive effect.
Earlier this year, the bishops and the Catholic Doctors Association in Kenya decided to test several samples of the vaccine at four different labs for the presence of the hormone, according to their statement . The results indicated that the samples were "laced with the Beta-hCG hormone."
The two sides have very different explanations as to how and why the hormone may have been present in the vaccine. UNICEF spokesman James Elder told The Post in an e-mail that its presence in a TT vaccine dose would represent an "extremely rare contamination." The bishops believe it was put there deliberately as part of a secret population-control program.
The issue is far from settled: The government says it tested the same vaccine for the presence of the hormone and found none. The government and the Catholic leadership group even used one of the same labs to test the samples, apparently receiving different results.
The Kenyan government, UNICEF and the WHO have questioned whether the testing used adequate samples and methods. "We have taken note of test results claiming to show levels of hCG in samples submitted to some clinical laboratories," the joint WHO-UNICEF statement reads. "However, it is important to note that testing for the content of a medicine e.g. TT Vaccine need to be done in a suitable laboratory, and from a sample of the actual medicine/vaccine obtained from an unopened pack and not a blood sample."
In an effort to end the controversy, Kenya's parliamentary health committee is asking for a third round of testing , this time sponsored jointly by the government and the Catholic bishops. UNICEF said in response to a question from The Post that it has "offered to support the Ministry to arrange for additional testing in a reference laboratory."
Although the actual test results haven't been released to the public by the bishops, the Catholic News Agency says it has seen a copy. And, the wire service writes, while "copies of the lab results obtained by CNA do show positive test results for the presence of the beta-hCG, reference levels given on the lab reports show that levels present in the vaccines are within 'normal values' for healthy men and women."
UNICEF, which also says it's seen the results , added another note of caution, arguing that the labs testing the samples for the Catholic groups were not informed that they were testing a vaccine and used "analyzers used for testing human samples like blood and urine for pregnancy" to look for the presence of the hormone, which happens to be the very same one detected by pregnancy tests.
Kevin Donovan, director of the Pellegrino Center for Clinical Bioethics at Georgetown University, seemed to cautiously agree in an interview with CNA. "I suspect that the tests that the hospital labs tried to do for the Catholic bishops weren't really designed to test the way that they did, maybe giving them erroneous results,” he said.
So far, the bishops are standing by their results, even going so far as to call the government's negative tests a "false and a deliberate attempt to distort the truth and mislead 42 million Kenyans." At least one Catholic charity, Matercare, has backed the bishops' claims , issuing a statement from the Kenya Catholic Doctors Association calling the vaccination program "evil."
It's easy to see why the accusations from the Kenyan Catholic groups have attracted so much attention: Reproductive health, fertility and sterilization are fraught international issues. As the Kenyan controversy rages, authorities in India are investigating 13 deaths at sterilization camps in the country.
Forced, involuntary sterilization — particularly targeting certain groups, such as the poor, the mentally ill or the HIV-positive — has a long and shameful history, including in the United States .
The question, then, is whether the bishops' accusations will hold up to continued scrutiny.
Several Western Catholic groups, along with organizations identifying as "pro-life," have waded into the matter, as has online debunking site Snopes , which rated the claim "false."
But some aren't ready to leave the issue entirely, including Donovan of Georgetown's Pellegrino Center for Clinical Bioethics, who told the CNA that "there are aspects of this that need to be raising red flags because of history and because of the way it was all being done. But raising red flags doesn’t mean that there’s something that actually has occurred."
He urged the Kenyan government, along with the WHO, to be more transparent in responding to the bishops' complaints. "The way you prove that’s not the case is by not being arrogant, but responding to it and being transparent," he said.
To settle the matter once and for all, he said, the parties involved should move forward with "a test designed to test for what they're testing for."
Some who are skeptical of the bishops' claims have pointed to a controversy over the very same program in 1994, when the WHO was vaccinating women in Mexico, Nicaragua, the Philippines and Tanzania.
As the Catholic bishops have done this year, concerned officials at the time demanded that the vaccines be tested for safety. Then, as now, the vaccines tested positive for hCG. Except there was a problem: The results were likely false positives.
A 1995 article from Reproductive Health Matters details what happened:
The vaccines were sent to hospital laboratories and tested using pregnancy test kits which are developed for use on serum and urine specimens, and are not appropriate for a vaccine such as TT (tetanus toxoid), which contains a special preservative (merthiolate) and an adjuvant (aluminum salt.) 
When the vaccines were tested in laboratories which used properly validated test systems, the results clearly showed that the vaccines did not contain hCG.  The results found in six laboratories in five countries on tetanus toxoid vaccines from seven manufacturers are available on request.  The low levels of HCG like activity seen in some samples were the result of false positive reactions.  In fact, in a laboratory in Hungary, it was shown that the sterile water supply from the local hospital gave a higher false positive level of HCG than did the TT vaccine.
While the controversy in Kenya remains unresolved, the bishops' accusations are having their desired effect, according to Elder, the UNICEF spokesman. "The vaccination campaign was adversely affected by the negative publicity," Elder said in an e-mailed statement. "It is an extremely disappointing situation, none more so than for those the vaccine is there to protect -- once again, the most marginalized."
According to Elder, the vaccine's manufacturer is Serum Institute India, the manufacturer "pre-qualified by WHO to manufacture and supply vaccines." A Kenyan regulatory body also "ensures registration and quality before use," Elder said.
World Vision Kenya National Health Coordinator Margaret Njenga said Kenya ranks 121st out of 147 countries in the Christian charity organization's "Killer Gap" report, which measures the gap in care between the country's "health rich" and "health poor." In an e-mailed statement, Njenga said that the gap "means reaching the most vulnerable children with life-saving health care can be difficult, and we are often battling low awareness, lack of physical access, consistency and quality  in our efforts to overcome this."
She wouldn't comment on the specific allegations against the Kenyan government, UNICEF and the WHO. But, she said, there are "a number of barriers" World Vision and other aid groups face in overcoming that "killer gap," including differences in education and understanding and perceptions of life-saving health-care programs.
World Vision, she said, works on these issues at the community level, with a "focus on raising awareness and understanding of the importance of approved vaccines.”

Debunking Obamas comebackBy Zachary A. Goldfarb November 14 Follow @Goldfarb
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)
Just a week after a shellacking at the polls, Barack Obama is back! Or so has been the suggestion this week -- on the heels of Obama's aggressive endorsement of net neutrality, his big climate deal with China, and leaks suggesting he's still going to go big on immigration.
The New York Times says  Obama's "defying label of lame duck." Politico observes that "there’s already some swagger returning to his step."  The Washington Post notes  Obama has said he wants to "squeeze every last little bit of opportunity" to push his agenda and in recent days "he has shown that he meant it." The New Yorker says , simply, that he's had an "unexpectedly good week."
This is a grand slam of assessment -- his brand is doing much better post-election than he says  it did pre-election -- but it's way too early to suggest that he's somehow crawled out of the dark place that voters put him last week.
1. His job approval rating is still in the gutter. 
There haven't been many polls since last Tuesday, but Gallup's daily tracking poll  shows Obama with a 41 percent approval rating, near the all-time low of 39 percent reached in the survey immediately following the mid-term election. His disapproval rating of 53 percent ranks just south of the 56 percent of Americans who disapproved of his performance in the same survey following the election. It's a bit better than what George W. Bush faced at this time, but much worse than how Americans rated Ronald Reagan or Bill Clinton at the end of their sixth year.
2. His endorsement of net neutrality was no profile in courage, and he may not even get what he wants.
On Monday, Obama surprised many Internet activists and telecommunications firms with an unequivocal endorsement of net neutrality. Obama said he believes telecom companies like Verizon and Comcast should be regulated by the Federal Communications Commission effectively as utilities, requiring that the firms treat all Internet traffic equally. While it generated much buzz and was unusually flashy, this wasn't quite as dramatic as Obama's endorsement of gay marriage, for example, before the 2012 presidential election. As far back as 2007, after all, Obama had  said , "I am a strong supporter of net neutrality." 
What makes Monday's pronouncement even less impressive is that the FCC may not embrace his view, as my colleagues Brian Fung and Nancy Scolla reported in a blockbuster story. Obama has appointed all five of the independent agency's commissioners, three of whom are Democrats, including Chairman Tom Wheeler. Yet Wheeler hasn't committed to Obama's preferred path.
3. The China deal is unlikely to be enough to avoid the worst effects of climate change and relies in big part on Obama's successor. 
The deal is no doubt important: It commits the U.S. to stringent goals for limiting the emission of greenhouse gases and, more importantly, represents the most significant pledge by China, one of the worst polluting nations, to take a leap forward in combating global warming. Yet, on its own, it will unlikely be adequate  to stem the 2 degree Celsius rise in temperatures (over pre-industrial levels) that climate scientists warn would cause severe harm to the planet.
What's more, Obama relies on his successors following through. With the enactment of limits on emissions by coal-fire power plants and other measures, the president has put the United States on a path toward meeting its commitment. But a Republican president could attempt to dismantle  or interfere with the new power plant rules, or show much less interest in continuing to increase fuel efficiency standards. An array of lawsuits also likely faces the power plant rules, which the EPA is still working to implement.
President Obama, speaking at a news conference in Burma last Friday, said he would take action to reform U.S. immigration policy before the end of the year. (Reuters)
4. By acting on immigration, Obama is belatedly doing what he promised to do, and it has risks.
Obama is not backing away from his pre-election commitment to use executive authority to address the nation's broken immigration system in lieu of action by Congress, contemplating a proposal that might stop the deportation of up to five million illegal immigrants. In Burma on Friday, he said "this is something that needs to be done. It’s way overdue."
(Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images)
But, like with net neutrality, this is not a sudden, post-election assertion of power. Obama is merely, finally fulfilling a broken promise he made to the nation's immigrants back in June. When it became clear that House Republicans were not going to pass a broad overhaul of immigration law, the president promised to use his unilateral authority by summer's end. Conservative Democrats begged him to delay, worried that such an action could cost the party their hold on Congress. Obama acquiesced to the political pressure, breaking his word, but lost the Senate anyway. For failing to uphold his promise, Hispanic Americans shredded him, calling him "deporter in chief," and warned that 60,000 to 70,000 people would be deported just as a result of the delay.
The imminent executive action, meanwhile, is not cost-free. It almost certain kills any chance for comprehensive reform, not that the odds were great. And it could sour relations with lawmakers in the middle, like Sen. Angus King of Maine, an independent that caucuses with Democrats, who's said that “it will create a backlash in the country that could actually set the cause back and inflame our politics in a way that I don’t think will be conducive to solving the problem."
5. The American people are looking to Republicans to make a difference. 
Six years into Obama's presidency, Americans surveyed by Gallup say that they are looking, by a 53-to-36 percent margin, "to have more influence over the direction of the nation." That's even more unbalanced than it was after the 2010 electoral drubbing. Meanwhile, 34 percent of Americans say the country will be better off as a result of Republicans' win, compared to 19 percent who believe we'll be worse off. Obama faces deep and broad skepticism among the American public, and that gives him a weak hand going into legislative battles to come.
6. Obama faces many obstacles and little time. 
Republicans have a healthy majority in the Senate and the largest majority in the House since 1949. After brutal disagreements about 2014 strategy, there's little love lost between the White House and Senate Democrats. As a result, Obama faces probably the most antagonistic Congress he's faced since coming to office. Not a great place to be during your final two years.
First up, the Senate is set to  approve the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline on Tuesday after the House passed a measure authorization the project Friday. Obama has assiduously tried to avoid allowing the project to move forward, given concerns of many of his advisers that it would be harmful, symbolically if not substantively, to efforts to stem global warming. If Obama vetoes Keystone, as expected, he could worsen the already-bad odds of Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.), who's pushing for construction of the pipeline, in next month's run-off. If he signs the legislation, he would have had his hand forced on a high-profile policy just two weeks after the mid-terms.
Next spring, Obama could suffer another bad defeat if the Supreme Court rules unfavorably in the King v. Burwell   case, which challenges the constitutionality of tax subsidies offered to low- and moderate-income American in states that did not create their own insurance marketplaces. Declaring those subsidies unconstitutional would undermine a key part of the law and cost millions of people health insurance.
And finally, the president has little time. There have been few achievements in the final quarter of a presidency, but many problems: For Bush, it was a financial crisis. For Clinton, it was impeachment and the dotcom bubble bursting. For Reagan, it was Iran-Contra. Richard Nixon resigned and Lyndon Johnson was consumed by the Vietnam War. That's why some close observers  say there is a "second term curse."
Zachary A. Goldfarb is policy editor at The Washington Post.

Diem Brown  reality star who chronicled cancer battle  dies at 32By Emily Yahr November 14 Follow @emilyyahr
Diem Brown attends an ovarian cancer research fund benefit in July 2014.
Diem Brown, the reality star who candidly and extensively wrote about her battle with ovarian cancer, died on Friday morning at age 32 .
You might know Brown from MTV’s “Real World/Road Rules” challenge in 2006, or other MTV “Challenge” specials throughout the years. She was open about her illness from the beginning, going through chemotherapy after she was first diagnosed at age 23. The cancer returned for a second time in 2012. This past summer, after collapsing on the set of MTV’s “The Challenge,” she confirmed that she had also been diagnosed with colon cancer.
It’s also possible that you know Brown purely from her blog at People.com , where she wrote frequently about her treatments, in addition to deeply personal posts about subjects including her desire to have children one day.
“I am scared about my ovarian cancer journey, but I know everything happens for a reason,” she wrote in one of her earlier posts. Last month, she told the magazine, “I want people to know the fight is worth it. And that’s something that’s so important to me.”
Brown’s candor about her struggle recalled the original mission of the once-groundbreaking “Real World” series: “To find out what happens when people stop being polite and start getting real.” While later seasons wallowed in manufactured drama, Brown’s story hearkened back to those early cast members who worked through messy, real-life issues on camera, in some cases becoming the public face of an important issue.
For example, Pedro Zamora, the openly gay housemate in the third season — “Real World: San Francisco” — publicly chronicled his battle with AIDS. To this day, people still consider his story to be the one that catapulted the show into a pop culture mainstay. As the Daily Beast put it , “The young, gay, HIV-positive man. . . living with the disease on camera, humanly, day-to-day with housemates, helped shape a young generation’s more inclusive view of homosexuality and living with HIV and AIDs.”
Zamora died in 1994 at age 22 shortly after the show wrapped filming. At the time,  President Bill Clinton paid tribute to him and thanked him for bringing such an important topic into the public eye. “Not everyone was comfortable even talking about it, and he changed everything, at least for younger people,” Clinton said.
In 2004, “Real World: San Diego” housemate Frankie Abernathy talked about her battle with cystic fibrosis; she died three years later at age 25.
In the years since, “The Real World” cast has become increasingly drama-filled and forgettable — but people like Brown used their fame to raise awareness.
That was also what Brown said she hoped to achieve through her blog on People.com. “By sharing my story,” she wrote in one of her earlier posts , “I hope others going through similar paths can see that they too are ‘normal’ and that help is out there!”
Emily Yahr covers pop culture and entertainment for the Post. Follow her on Twitter @EmilyYahr .

The skinny-shaming of Taylor Swift— BABY DADDY (@diplo) November 12, 2014
Finally, Lorde jumped in , because apparently Lorde is the hero we have been waiting for.
These tweets matter because, as many have pointed out, Diplo was body shaming . (He is also rumored to be Katy Perry's boyfriend , and Katy Perry and Taylor Swift have history.)
What is body shaming?
Uh … Body shaming is when shame a person because of what his or her body looks like . You shouldn't do it. Just … don't do it. Don't be a Diplo.
What is wrong with Taylor Swift's body?
Sigh, look man, I'm not an expert on this. I think people have different body types, and you should probably just do you and not worry about it.
Taylor Swift arrives at the 2014 MTV Music Video Awards on Aug. 24,. (Mario Anzuoni/Reuters)
Like, I'd describe myself as a naturally scrawny human, even with somewhat lackluster health habits. I've just always been that way, it's not something I can really help.
You know what is super annoying, though? When people point that out. When people ask me about how I'm eating during meals. When people make assumptions.
And I'm just a regular human being, who is only interacting with well-meaning friends and family.
Imagine how Taylor Swift feels, with headlines like "‘Starving’ To Be Skinny? Taylor Swift’s Shrinking Frame Under Fire – Top Docs Weigh In ." Probably not great!
The point, I suppose, is that the way we talk about how other people look matters. Even on Twitter.
"Women’s bodies seem to be picked apart like chickens," Robyn Silverman, author of "Good Girls Don’t Get Fat: How Weight Obsession Is Messing Up Our Girls & How We Can Help Them Thrive Despite It," told Yahoo .
She added: "These body shaming messages tell people that your parts are more important than the whole person, you are only as good as the sum of your parts and no matter what you look like you will be critiqued. It’s no wonder that many women develop scripts inside their heads that tell them they are not good enough as they are and no matter what, they never will be."
Swift has discussed her workouts before , and her eating habits. Here's Swift talking about what she consumes, via WebMD:
"During the week, I try to eat healthily, so that means salads, yogurt, and sandwiches," she says. "No sugary drinks. I try to keep it lighter, but it's nothing too regimented or crazy. I don't like to create too many rules where I don't need them. We know what's good for us, thanks to common sense." On the weekends, "I allow myself to eat what I know from common sense is bad for me," she says with a giggle. "I like comfort foods. I love a burger and fries, I love ice cream so much, and I love baking cookies. Actually, I love baking anything."
She also once told Bon Appétit that she always has Diet Coke in her fridge "Because it understands me." And she wears lipstick when she runs , which is the only part of her life I feel qualified to comment on. (I am fine with it.) (Probably a very smart move for someone who takes a lot of pictures!) (Good thinking, Taylor.)
Do you have anything else to add on this?
Never tweet.

Why Whole Foods is moving into one of the poorest neighborhoods in ChicagoWhy Whole Foods is moving into one of the poorest neighborhoods in Chicago
The company parodied as 'Whole Paycheck' tests its own business model.
By Emily Badger November 14 Follow @emilymbadger
This long-abandoned lot in the Englewood neighborhood of Chicago was once home to a bustling business district. Now Whole Foods is planning to build a store here. (Photo by Warren Skalski for the Washington Post)
CHICAGO—The center of Englewood has been vacant for so long that many people in the neighborhood can’t quite recall when it became that way. Thirty years ago? Forty? It was after blockbusting began on the South Side, after white flight was well underway, after the big Sears Roebuck, with the Hillman’s Pure Foods in the basement, closed in the 1970s.
Sometime around then, the small businesses at 63rd and Halsted closed, too, and the buildings that housed them were razed. And so one of the busiest shopping corridors in Chicago was reduced to a desolate stretch of city: 13 acres of crabgrass and concrete with aging streetlights.
Glen Fulton opens a window on the fourth floor of the bank building on 63rd to look out at all this blank space. “What I experienced as a child,” he says, “I want to experience again.” He imagines a shopping hub that would bring back jobs and retail dollars and basic goods that are now hard to find here. Maybe a Corner Bakery, a Gap, a Famous Dave’s barbecue chain. And in the middle of it, an anchor that would serve the function Sears once did: an 18,000-square-foot Whole Foods.
The grocer, which has built its fortunes and reputation anchoring condo developments in wealthy enclaves, has never gone into a neighborhood like this. But last year, to the disbelief of many, the company announced plans to open a store in 2016 here, in one of Chicago’s most economically depressed neighborhoods.
When the city held a ceremonial groundbreaking a few months ago, Walter Robb, Whole Foods’ co-chief executive, showed up in Englewood and vowed that it would be “one of the most meaningful things we’ve done as a company.”
This store, though, is no act of philanthropy. Nor is it a bet, by Whole Foods, on neighborhood change. The arrival of its gleaming stores in a neighborhood often signals the influx of wealthier residents. But that is not likely to happen in Englewood, at least not any time soon. Whole Foods is planning to sell olive oil and snap peas to the people who live here now. It is also planning, in the process, to make money.
That proposition entails unusually high stakes for a supermarket. Whole Foods is gambling that it can tailor its high-priced brand to a low-income market. It’s gambling that it can create customers out of people who out of necessity have long shopped at corner stores and Save-A-Lot. It’s gambling that it may even change what some of them eat.
Residents like Fulton, who grew up in Englewood and now heads its community development corporation, are hoping that more food options will mean healthier residents. And they’re hoping that Whole Foods will attract other retailers in a way that a Giant or a Jewel might not, spurring a business revival here.
There's more food available in the neighborhood at corner stores than at supermarkets. (Photo by Warren Skalski for the Washington Post)
What the area could be
“You see that big house?” Fulton says, driving past a boarded-up single-family home a few blocks from the Whole Foods site. “A family should be in that house.”
Then he passes another building, a once-handsome but now-hollowed-out brick apartment where the sky is visible through the windows. A sign with an X has been hammered over the door, a cue from the fire department that the building is no longer safe to enter.
“That could be senior housing,” Fulton says.
His family moved here in the late 1950s, buying a beautiful 1882 Victorian home that still has its original stained glass, and Fulton, 55, still lives here. Around that time, real estate speculators were prodding white families on the South Side to move out quickly and for little money. They then inflated housing prices for incoming black families, a historic practice that shaped patterns of segregation in the city that still linger.
Fulton has old black-and-white photos he likes to show of the neighborhood before the city put in an expressway that sheared off one side of Englewood, before this cycle of flight and disinvestment. One shows that corner of 63rd and Halsted. The Sears Roebuck towers over a bustling street. The sidewalks are lined with small business storefronts: Grossman’s Shoes, Whelan Drugs, Wormser Hats.
At the time, in the 1930s, Englewood was 99 percent white. Today, it is 99 percent black. Once, 160,000 people lived here; now, 60,000 do. A third of the households live below the poverty line, and a quarter of adults are unemployed. Crime rates are among the highest in the city.
The neighborhood, though, has well-kept homes — like Fulton’s — that could be considered mansions. They’re tucked among vacant lots and empty buildings, many of them victims of the foreclosure crisis and bearing those Xs. One-third of the lots and homes here are vacant.
When Whole Foods selected the site, with the city’s help, it chose an unlikely neighborhood but a strategic location. It’s across the street from a community college culinary school, which opened here in 2007. There’s an elevated train stop at the corner, too, and a straight shot down 63rd onto the expressway that could bring other South Side shoppers to the store. The lot, where the city is spending $10 million to prepare all 13 acres for development, is large enough for several retailers and maybe some apartments or a park.
The neighborhood was targeted by the city as a “food desert,” although corner stores are common and discount-grocer Aldi’s is just down the street. Supporters of the project look at those alternatives and say Englewood doesn’t have the options most neighborhoods do — and that the options it does have box people into unhealthy eating. Skeptics look at the stores here and question whether Whole Foods can survive alongside them.
“The fact is that Whole Foods sells eggs at $2.99 a dozen, and they can go a block away to Aldi’s and buy them at 89 cents. That’s going to be an issue,” says Toni Foulkes, an alderman who worked for many years for the grocery chain Jewel and who questions whether Whole Foods will really be accessible to residents. “Can they afford to spend $5 for a loaf of bread? Or can they afford to get four loaves for $5 when you have five kids at home?”
After the groundbreaking over the summer, the Chicago Tribune called the Whole Foods a “socioeconomic experiment,” a phrase that made Mayor Rahm Emanuel and another local alderman, JoAnn Thompson, bristle .
“This is not an experiment. African American people are not an experiment,” Thompson says. “People need to stop thinking like that, that we cannot afford the things that people in other communities have.”
1 of 15
Whole Foods seeks to quench ‘food desert’ thirst
View Photos
The high-end grocer is building a store on Chicago’s South Side and partnering with a local farm.
Caption
The high-end grocer is building a store on Chicago’s South Side and partnering with a local farm.
Oct. 22, 2014 Whole Foods is building a store in the Englewood neighborhood on Chicago’s South Side, at 63rd and Halsted streets. The low-income area has been labeled a "food desert.” Warren Skalski/For The Washington Post
Wait 1 second to continue.
Looking beyond numbers
In summer 2013, Whole Foods opened a store in Detroit that also raised eyebrows . The Midtown location, though, had more customers at the ready: Pricey new condos are rising around it. Wayne State University and its medical center are nearby. The Detroit Symphony Orchestra is a block away.
As an inner-city outlier for the company, even the Detroit store does not quite approximate Englewood. But it was the first test of a larger plan for the company, within which Englewood represents the next move. Whole Foods has 402 stores. But it’s aiming for 1,200, an impossible number if the company targets only the high-income markets it’s already entered. Whole Foods also can’t get to 1,200 stores by only talking about the quality of food without addressing the price of it.
“Five or six years ago, we were starting to think internally about how we get to places like Detroit,” says Michael Bashaw, Whole Foods’ regional president for the Midwest. Its first store there, as with the one in Englewood, was an act of business faith, one where the company’s own market research looked grim. “Analyzing those numbers,” Bashaw says, “Detroit doesn’t make any sense, and should never have been approved.”
That doesn’t mean that Midtown Detroit couldn’t work — or that Englewood can’t. It means that none of what Whole Foods had learned about where it had been successful could predict if it would work in these places, too.
The company didn’t exactly receive a hero’s welcome in Detroit. Bashaw describes the first community meetings there as “difficult.”
“The common assumption is that Whole Foods is a store for rich, white people,” he says. “I think the community had a feeling that what retailers brought to Detroit was not their A game, but their D game, that the stores were not as nice, not as clean, not as well staffed, that the customer service was poor — that this was a disrespect to the community by giving them the leftovers.”
In those initial meetings, Whole Foods suggested that it emphasize its more affordable in-house 365 brand. Community members balked. If they were going to get Whole Foods, they didn’t want Whole Foods Lite. When the store opened, it didn’t carry porterhouse steaks. Then customers kept asking for them, and Whole Foods realized that it needed to rethink its butcher shop strategy. The store has had to adjust its expectations of its new consumers as much as skeptical shoppers may be adjusting what they thought of Whole Foods.
“The reputation as ‘Whole Paycheck’ is just something we have to continue to battle,” says Larry Austin, who manages the Detroit store. “Sometimes, people will come in the store and see that we have a 60-year-old aged vinegar, or olive oil that may be a little more expensive, and people will say, ‘You’ve got a $30 olive oil!’ But then, we’ve got 365 olive oil, and it sells for $7.99 for a liter.”
Whole Foods does, however, charge less for some products at its Detroit store than it does at Whole Foods in suburban Michigan. If avocados sell two for $4 in the West Bloomfield store, they may be two for $3 in Detroit. A pound of strawberries, in season, may be a dollar cheaper. The company has tried to set its price points relative to other supermarkets in the city, not relative to its own stores outside of it.
With that model, Bashaw says the Detroit store reached its 10-year sales goal in its first 14 months. In that time, it also had the highest food stamp use of any store in the region.
Detroit illustrates a tenuous balance the company must manage. If it doesn’t adapt its stores in communities looking for more value, the result will appear tone-deaf: $35 triple-crème brie for single moms in Englewood? Whole Foods could equally take flak, though, for selling Wagyu in the suburbs and chicken wings in the city.
“We will seek to price things to be more accessible,” Bashaw says. “But we only sell cage-free eggs. We’re not going to have 99-cents-a-dozen eggs.”
Shaniece Alexander walks through the Wood Street Urban Farm, which could become a Whole Foods supplier. (Photo by Warren Skalski for the Washington Post)
Growing here, selling there
The strange economics of food in Englewood are apparent on Wood Street, at an urban farm about a mile and a half from the Whole Foods site. Here, a nonprofit group called Growing Home churns out more than 30,000 pounds of produce a year, much of it on a once-abandoned industrial lot it bought from the city for a dollar.
The farm is in the middle of the neighborhood, bordered by a stretch of defunct railroad tracks and disputed gang territory. In the beds and hoop houses here, Growing Home is raising beets, cucumbers, greens and thousands upon thousands of tomatoes, all of it organic.
“People always ask if people steal the vegetables,” says Shaniece Alexander, the farm’s employment training manager, standing in front of a row of tomato plants wide open for the plucking. “No one steals vegetables.”
Only a small fraction of the produce is even sold in the community, at a farm stand on the property that draws a handful of regulars on Wednesday afternoons. Growing Home drives most of these vegetables to farmers markets on the city’s wealthier North Side, where it sells a bushel of carrots for twice what they cost at the farm stand.
“We’ve found that if you price it too low,” Alexander says, “people are wary of it.”
Growing Home reinvests all of its profit from the produce sales into the job-training program it runs on the farm, working primarily with residents in the neighborhood who have come out of the prison system. They learn how to plant, harvest, package and sell the produce as well as how to apply and interview for jobs in the food industry.
Growing Home sells its vegetables on the North Side because there are few places to sell it near here, but also because selling produce in Englewood wouldn’t generate as much money to support the program that trains people here to have jobs.
This is part of the food paradox of Englewood today: People don’t have much access to fresh produce, even though it’s grown in the neighborhood. What they do have access to is chips and soda, which are cost-effective to stock on corner-store shelves, or higher-cost perishables like milk that benefit from none of the economies of scale of a large supermarket.
As a result, snacks are cheap and many staples are not. People with less money wind up paying more for their food.
Whole Foods could, in theory, bridge the disconnect between Growing Home and its own neighborhood. Since announcing plans to come to Englewood, Whole Foods has donated money to the farm — $100,000 for a new hoop house that extends the growing season to 10 months — and helped install a walk-in cooler that extends the life of the produce once it’s picked. Both of these could help Growing Home become a Whole Foods supplier, as the company and the farm hope.
Near the Whole Foods site, the other odd food incentives in Englewood are on display. Walgreens is two blocks away and has several grocery aisles. It sells cut fruit in plastic containers alongside salad greens and a few baskets of apples and oranges. A display shelf for “smart buys,” though, features an 81/2-ounce bag of Uncle Ray’s sour cream-and-onion chips for a dollar. Walgreens sells just-add-water and microwaveable pasta sides, but no boxes of plain pasta. The food section has a sign to Walgreens’ valued customers that “this location accepts SNAP benefits.” It’s mounted in the chip aisle.
A block farther is the Aldi’s. Plastic-wrapped stacks of flour and boxed gallons of juice line the dimly lit aisles the same way they might in the behind-the-scenes storage of a more mainstream supermarket.
The milk is cheap — $2.09 for a gallon (it’s $3.69 at Walgreens). Customers are limited to four gallons, because the corner stores shop here, too. They, in turn, charge customers twice as much for that gallon.
“Those type of experiences,” says Kristopher Murray, executive director of the Washburne Culinary and Hospitality Institute at Chicago’s Kennedy-King College, “they only exist in areas like this.”
A rendering of the plans for the Whole Food site in Englewood. Courtesy of DL3 Realty / Ethos Workshop.
Needing a catalyst
The culinary school has a restaurant, Sikia, that looks out on what will be the Whole Foods. Three days a week, it serves lunch, a three-course prix-fixe menu prepared by the students that’s a steal at seven bucks. Their restaurant, with 80 seats, white tablecloths and aproned servers, is the only such full­-service, sit-down spot around.
When students first come to Washburne, mostly from the South Side, many have gotten their primary exposure to restaurant cooking on TV. They then take classes in pastry making and international cuisine, where they cook with products many haven’t seen: nori paper, almond milk, bread flour.
“It’s unlikely that’ll be at Aldi’s,” Murray says. Which also means his students probably can’t reproduce at home what they learn here.
Murray recognizes the mistrust that accompanies development in a community like this.
“‘When something new comes, automatically you’re not trusting it. Who does that benefit?” Murray says over a steak at Sikia that was not quite cut to his satisfaction. “Whole Foods, Starbucks, Chipotle — everything would be questioned. But as a resident, you’re at a point where something has to change. This place has to evolve. It needs a catalyst, and a catalyst means somebody with funds who can monetize the development has to be at the table.”
Murray is hoping that Whole Foods will employ some of his students. Likewise, Whole Foods is planning to use Washburne and its vast classroom kitchens to hold classes — in cooking, nutrition and shopping on a budget — it plans to start a year out from the store’s opening.
This, too, will be a delicate exercise (Whole Foods teaches people how to shop at Whole Foods!). But it’s quite likely the store won’t succeed if all it does is open its doors with no outreach. Education without access won’t do anyone any good — if you learn how to cook an eggplant but can’t buy one. The inverse is true, too.
Part of what Whole Foods sells is also its imprimatur, the assurance that it has traced the quality of its products so you don’t have to. Whole Foods has put its suppliers through a 131-step certification to ensure that your chicken was humanely raised. And while most customers don’t know that, they know that they’re paying to have that trust, whether they care about animal welfare or high-fructose corn syrup or hormones. Part of the question Whole Foods raises as it enters these new markets is whether it can also teach people to value that thing that sometimes makes food more expensive, that often feels like a luxury.
“Good food ain’t cheap, and cheap food ain’t good. And I appreciate that,” says Ed Peecher, the bishop at a church in Englewood. He and Thompson, the alderman, took a trip together to visit the Detroit store. He is prepared to preach now on its behalf for what he considers the health of the neighborhood.
“Price point was the Number One, the earliest, the strongest and the longest-lasting argument,” he says of wary residents. “And when you started contextualizing what price point meant in comparison to a $450 hair weave, or $120 sneakers, or $60 for a fifth of alcohol, then price point is not as strong of an argument as it initially was.”
If that sounds paternalistic, Peecher acknowledges that other people cannot say that. “I can say that,” he says. “I have credentials. I graduated from Englewood High School. I moved here in 1959.”
Bashaw’s pitch goes a little different. Whole Foods has never closed one of its stores, and he doesn’t intend for Englewood to be the first. If anyone is motivated to make this store viable, it’s Whole Foods, precisely because it’s coming into the neighborhood to run a business, not a charity. And it has signed a long-term lease.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

Name That Data! Multiple-choice editionBy Christopher Ingraham November 14 Follow @_cingraham
Wow, what is this?
Name That Data is back! After a brief hiatus last week due to me having to write about actual news, we're going to shake things up a bit this week. Today, NTD takes the form of a multiple-choice quiz. You don't have to tweet the answers to me, just answer the questions below to prove your data prowess. You should feel free to take to social media to brag about your scores and shame any coworkers who did worse than you. One benefit of this approach is that you get *immediate* feedback about how wrong you are - you don't have to wait anxiously all weekend for me to pass judgment.
What do you think about this approach? Do you like it? Hate it? Are you just like "yolo, whatevs"? Let me know in the comments or send me a tweet . Good luck!
Name That Data! Multiple-choice edition
1

US Postal Service selects first female postmaster generalBy Lillian Cunningham November 14 Follow @lily_cunningham
(Mike Blake/Reuters)
According to a press release the U.S. Postal Service e-mailed Friday morning,  Megan Brennan  has been selected as the agency's next leader. Brennan, who serves as chief operating officer, will become the first female postmaster general when she takes over in early 2015. She joined the organization in 1986 as a letter carrier in Pennsylvania.
Brennan will assume her role at a tumultuous time for the organization. The USPS released unaudited information Friday about its performance for fiscal 2014 — in which it reports a $5.5 billion net loss , despite a $569 million increase in operating revenue. According to a USPS press release, "This eighth consecutive annual net loss underscores the need for comprehensive legislation to repair the Postal Service's broken business model."
Earlier this week, the USPS announced that its networks had been breached and that personal data of its more than 800,000 employees had been compromised, potentially by Chinese government hackers .
Brennan will succeed Postmaster General Patrick R. Donahoe , who has led the organization since 2010.
Lillian Cunningham is the editor and feature writer for The Washington Post's 'On Leadership' section.

Fed s Bullard says U.S. inflation fails to justify near-zero rates0
But those expectations have rebounded since mid-October, with investors recognizing strong U.S. economic data, Bullard said here on Friday.
Bullard, who does not have a vote this year on the Fed's policy-setting committee, said he expects inflation to head toward the Fed's 2 percent goal in the second half of this year, and exceed that goal next year.
"While a low inflation rate may suggest a somewhat lower-than-normal policy rate, that effect is not large enough to justify remaining at the zero lower bound," Bullard said in prepared remarks at a St. Louis Chamber of Commerce event.
The Fed has kept interest rates near zero since December 2008 to stimulate the economy following the financial crisis.
Bullard added that he does not see wage increases as a key factor in the Fed's current calculation of inflation pressures, calling it a lagging indicator.
Bullard, a policy hawk who said on Friday that economic models show the Fed should have moved rates higher a year ago, said part of the inflation expectation decline prior to mid-October was stoked by global markets betting on a weakening Europe and a global recession.
But Bullard, who began his career at the St. Louis Fed in 1990, said concerns about Europe's weakening economy were overstated.
"I thought what was happening was that markets were pricing in a global recession. If global markets are trying to tell you something, maybe you should listen," he told reporters after his remarks on Friday. "That whole story kind of faded. Stronger data in the U.S. convinced markets we weren't headed for a global recession."
When asked what his concerns were, Bullard cited asset price bubbles, adding that the Fed's ability to deflate such bubbles was untested.
Bullard said that while the U.S. economy is on strong footing, the specter of Japan, with its sustained low interest rates, deflation, and sluggish growth, always looms.
"A policy maker does not want to get into that situation," he said.
(This story corrects dateline to ST. LOUIS from WASHINGTON)
(Reporting by Michael Flaherty; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)

JLR union rejects pay package  threatens strikeUpdated: November 13, 2014 23:36 IST
JLR union rejects pay package, threatens strike
Parvathi Menon
wage and pension
A pay-and-pension package offered by Tata-owned Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has been overwhelmingly rejected in a ballot of its workers by the union Unite.
After the results of the ballot were announced on Thursday, the union called for the management to re-negotiate the terms of the package or face industrial action.
JLR had offered a 3.6 per cent pay increase plus a bonus payment of £825 in the first year.
A decisive majority -- 96 percent of the workforce of 14,000 – across the company’s five plants rejected the deal, as it “failed to recognise the contribution of workers to last year’s profits of £2.5 billion, and this year’s record breaking first quarter profits of £1 billion”, a Unite press release said.
“Anger is also mounting over the dilution and threatened changes to the final salary scheme including £240 million worth of pension cuts, despite pension changes to the final salary scheme being agreed with the workforce two years ago,” Unite said.
The Union says it will take new recruits six years before they reach 100 per cent pay rate for the jobs they are in, and “which isn’t consolidated or pensionable, will gradually replace pay rises that attract company pension payments over the coming years.”
Last month, at the opening of JLR’s new engine plant near Wolverhampton, Executive Director Mike Wright had said it was “unfortunate” that trade unions had rejected what JLR deemed a “very generous pay offer.”
“The workforce made huge sacrifices and endured pay freezes during difficult times to ensure that Jaguar Land Rover is the success it is today,” Unite National Officer Roger Maddison said in a statement after the ballot.
“With the company making a staggering £10 million profit a day, it is no surprise that the workforce is angered by pension cuts and a pay offer that falls short in recognising their role in that success,” he said.

Inflation drops to 5-year low of 1.77 pct in OctoberFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Continuing decline in food prices, including vegetables, pulled wholesale price inflation to a five year low of 1.77 per cent in October.
The Wholesale Price Index (WPI) based inflation was at 2.38 per cent in September and 7.24 per cent in October 2013.
As per data released by the government today, the food inflation fell to a nearly two-and-half year low of 2.7 per cent. Food inflation is on decline since May.
The sharp drop in WPI inflation, which fell for the fifth month in a row, came at the back of retail inflation declining to a record low of 5.52 per cent in October.
“The WPI data released today indicate considerable softening in prices, which comes as a great relief. Equally important is to note the decline in CPI inflation rate reported earlier this week. A drop in prices was noted across all major segments indicating significant easing in inflationary pressures”, said Dr A Didar Singh, Secretary General, FICCI.
Wholesale Price Index (WPI) | Create Infographics
“The inflationary expectations are fairly tamed and we see no immediate upside risks with regard to prices. Given that, it is important to reiterate that demand remains subdued. The consumer durables segment reported negative growth for the fourth consecutive month in September 2014. It is extremely imperative that all levers are used to pep up demand”, added Singh. “The government is committed towards achieving fiscal consolidation and this along with alleviated inflation creates room for a more accommodative stance from the Central Bank in terms of rate reduction in the policy to be announced next month”, pointed Dr. Singh. The rate of price rise in onion contracted 59.77 per cent as compared to a contraction of 58.12 per cent in September. In case of vegetables, the contraction was 19.61 per cent, while in protein rich items of egg, meat and fish it was 2.58 per cent in October.
Rate of Inflation for the last six months | Create Infographics
During the month, inflation in potato stood at 82.11 per cent, against 90.23 per cent in the previous month.
Inflation in manufactured products, like sugar, edible oils, beverages and cement, fell to 2.43 per cent in October as against 2.84 per cent in the previous month.
The August WPI inflation was revised higher to 3.85 per cent from 3.74 per cent earlier, the data said.
Inflation in the fuel and power segment which include LPG, petrol and diesel declined to 0.43 per cent as compared to price rise of 1.33 per cent in September.
The Reserve Bank which maintained status quo in interest rate since January, will come out with the monetary policy review on December 2. The RBI factors in retail inflation while formulating its monetary policy.
The decline in both retail and WPI inflation for October, coupled with improvement in industrial output for September, will put pressure on the RBI to lower interest rates to boost growth.
An uptick in manufacturing and capital goods pushed industrial output to a three-month high of 2.5 per cent in September.
Industry has been demanding easing of interest rates to boost growth, which has slumped to 4.7 per cent in 2013-14. The economy is estimated to grow in the range of 5.4-5.9 per cent this fiscal.
TAGS: Inflation WPI Inflation
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Tata Motors quarterly net profit declines 7.08 per cent to Rs 3 290.86 croreInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
Tata Motors today reported a decline of 7.08 per cent in its consolidated net profit at Rs 3,290.86 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The auto major had posted consolidated net profit of Rs 3,541.86 crore in the July-September period of 2013-14 fiscal.
Consolidated net sales during the quarter this year increased by 8.03 per cent to Rs 60,163.99 crore, from Rs 55,686.87 crore in the year-ago period, Tata Motors said in a filing to the BSE.
Revenue from the company’s British unit, Jaguar Land Rover went up by 7.34 per cent to Rs 49,160.72 crore in the second quarter this fiscal, as against Rs 45,795 crore in the year-ago period.
On the other hand, revenue from Tata and other brand vehicles and financing during the quarter were at Rs 11,146.50 crore up 3.89 per cent from 10,728.01 crore in the same period a year ago.
On a standalone basis, Tata Motors’ net loss widened to Rs 1,845.63 crore as against Rs 803.53 crore in the same period a year ago.
Standalone net sales also declined by 1.17 per cent to Rs 8,657.85 crore in Q2, compared to Rs 8,761.10 crore Q2 of last fiscal.
The company’s standalone unit volume sales were at 1,27,220 vehicles, including exports, for the quarter ended September 30, decline of 15.70 per cent from 1,50,930 units in the corresponding period last year.
Tata Motors shares closed at Rs 523.80 per scrip, down 0.47 per cent, on the BSE.
TAGS: Tata Motors
More from companies

Under attack  DERC does U-turn on Delhi power tariff hikeFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Facing severe attack from political parties, Delhi’s power regulator DERC today withdrew the power tariff hike of up to seven per cent which was announced last night.
The Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission said the hike was rolled back “realising” that a number of power generation companies including NTPC, which supply electricity to the city, provided only part information about price of fuel such as coal and gas.
The DERC last night had announced re-introduction of the power purchase adjustment cost (PPAC) surcharge to effect an increase of tariff by up to seven per cent from Saturday.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Congress and Aam Aadmi Party had slammed DERC for raising the tariff, demanding an immediate roll back, but DERC today claimed that the decision to withdraw the hike was not due to criticism from the parties.
DERC chairperson P D Sudhakar said additional information on cost of producing of power from coal and gas-based power generating stations has been sought and a fresh decision on tariff will be taken within two weeks after examining the details.
“It has now been brought to the notice of the Commission that various generators including NTPC supplying power to Delhi have provided only part of the information regarding pricing of fuel and billing of power generated at their stations.
“Additional information has been called for, which is expected shortly which will have a direct bearing on the PPAC claims (by the discoms),” Sudhakar said.
Asked why the additional information on pricing of fuel and cost of power production was not sought earlier, he said the DERC had increased the tariff provisionally and now it felt that the detail costing of the generating stations should have been analysed before hiking the rates.
“We will take a decision on PPAC within next two weeks,” said Sudhakar while claiming that decision was not revoked due to criticism from political parties.
Last night, the DERC had hiked the tariff by 7 per cent for consumers of BSES Yamuna Power and was fixed at 4.5 per cent for BSES Rajdhani.
The hike for consumers of Tata Power Delhi Distribution Ltd was 2.5 per cent.
Asked about the issue, Lt Governor Najeeb Jung only said the hike has been withdrawn.
While hiking the power tariff by up to 7.5 per cent for domestic consumers, the DERC in July had withdrawn Power Purchase Adjustment Cost (PPAC) of around 8 per cent till October.
The regulator had introduced PPAC in 2012 to help the private power distribution companies recover additional cost on account of increase in coal and gas prices.
Delhi gets power from a number of gas and coal-based power generation plants.
The private power distribution companies, particularly, BRPL and BYPL, have been demanding significant hike in tariff, citing rise in power purchase cost.
The withdrawal of PPAC in July had resulted in marginal decline of tariff for the consumers, whose monthly consumption does not exceed 400 units.
According to DERC figures, the private discoms operating in the city have a revenue gap of a whopping Rs 19,500 crore.
Official figures show that around 80-90 per cent of total revenue of discoms goes into purchasing power from central and state government owned entities through long-term power purchase agreement, at rates determined by the central and state regulators.
The city has seen a series of hike in power tariff in the past two years.
The tariff was hiked by 22 per cent in 2011 followed by five per cent hike in February 2012. The tariff was increased by up to two per cent in May 2012 year and again by 26 per cent for domestic consumers in July 2012.
It was hiked by up to three per cent in February last year and again by five per cent in August last.
The cost of buying power has increased primarily on account of an increase in the input prices of raw material like coal and gas, officials said.
TAGS: Aam Aadmi Party Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Delhi NTPC Power Tariff Tata Power
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Grounded Sukhoi-30s cleared for flyingNew Delhi, November 14, 2014
Updated: November 14, 2014 23:50 IST
Grounded Sukhois cleared for flying
Dinakar Peri
Combat aircraft Sukhoi-30 fleet, grounded after a crash near Pune on October 14,, will be back in the air “within a week’s time,” Chief of Air Staff Arup Raha said on Friday. (file photo)
TOPICS
armed Forces
The Russian-made combat aircraft fleet was grounded after a crash near Pune on October 14.
The Indian Air Force’s frontline fighter jet, Sukhoi-30, has been cleared for flying after being grounded for nearly a month.
The entire fleet of about 200 Su-30s had been grounded following a Sukhoi crash in Pune on October 14. “The Sukhoi-30 fleet has been cleared for flying,” IAF spokesperson Wing Commander S.S. Birdi said on Friday.
Pune crash
On the reasons behind the Pune crash, IAF Chief Arup Raha told reporters, “This accident appeared to be due to automatic firing of the seats. The Court of Inquiry is about to be completed and the findings are being finalised.”
A team of 10 Russian experts joined the Indian experts in probing the cause of the crash in which the fighter jet crash landed on its belly around 20 km from the runway, while the pilots ejected safely.
Third instance
This was the third and also the longest period the Sukhoi fleet was grounded since its first crash in 2009.
Su-30s are the most modern of the IAF’s fighter jets and represent almost a third of its fighter fleet.

FIPB clears HDFC Bank s proposal to hike foreign holding to 73.39 pctICICI Bank to sell its Russian subsidiary
The FIPB today cleared the long- pending proposal of HDFC Bank to hike foreign holding in the bank to 74 per cent.
“FIPB today considered and approved HDFC Bank’s proposal to raise foreign investment ceiling to 74 per cent,” officials said after the meeting of the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
The FIPB is of the view that HDFC Bank’ parent HDFC Ltd’s 22 per cent holding in the bank is FDI and hence total foreign holding is 73.39 per cent, which includes FII, FDI, ADR and GDR.
“So the bank has little headroom to raise funds from foreign investors,” the official said.
Late last year, HDFC Bank had approached the FIPB for increasing the foreign holding in the bank to 67.55 per cent from 49 per cent.
However, the proposal was not cleared by the FIPB as the Finance and Industry ministry was of the view that the parent HDFC Ltd’s 22 per cent holding in the bank is FDI.
Taking into consideration the 22 per cent parent holding as FDI, the total foreign holding was more than 67.55 per cent when they approached the FIPB for the first time.
Following clarification sought by FIPB earlier this year HDFC Bank sent a revised proposal raising its foreign holding ceiling request to 74 per cent, from its earlier proposal of 67.55 per cent.
Further, the proposal of pharma company Sanofi was cleared by FIPB in today’s meeting along with Punj Llyod’s proposal to enter into defence space.
TAGS: HDFC Bank
More from bankingampfinance

US Retail Sales Rise Ahead of Holiday ShoppingAt least three people died Friday in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Gionee launches LTE smartphone range for Rs 10 000 onwardsChinese handset maker Gionee today announced the launch of four new 4G LTE smartphones, priced Rs 10,000 onwards, as operators gear up for nationwide launch of next generation wireless services.
From next year onwards, all Gionee devices priced above Rs 10,000 range will be LTE enabled.
“Gionee has always kept itself updated with the latest technology advancements and market trends. We are announcing a host of new products and LTE devices will be our key focus,” Gionee Smartphones India Head Arvind R Vohra said.
Gionee P5L LTE, priced at Rs 10,000, features 1.2GHz quadcore processor, Android KitKat operating system, 1 GB RAM, 8GB internal memory (expandable up to 128GB), 5MP rear camera and 1,800 mAhbattery.
The Gionee V6L LTE, priced at Rs 15,000, features a five-inch display, 1.2GHz quadcore processor, Android KitKat OS, 1 GB RAM, internal memory of 8GB (expandable upto 128GB), 8MP rear camera and 1,950 mAh battery.
The Elife S5.1 will have a 4.8-inch display, 1.7GHz octa core processor, 1GB RAM, 16GB memory, 8MP rear camera and 2,050 mAh battery.
The other devices include Gionee P4S and GioneeP6.
Telecom giant Airtel already offers 4G services using TDD LTE technology in Ludhiana, Mohali, Bangalore, Kolkata, Pune, Chandigarh and Panchkula.
Aircel too offers 4G services (high speed Internet access) in Tamil Nadu and Jammu & Kashmir.
RIL promoted RJIL, which holds pan-India broadband wireless access (BWA) spectrum, is expected to launch its services next year.
TAGS: Gionee
More from industry

Cultural contradictionsprint
Narendra Modi reads a document as he attends the East Asia Summit Plenary Session at the Myanmar International Convention Center in Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw. (AFP Photo)
Globalisation is usually perceived from two standpoints: One focuses on the political economy and governance and the other on the politics of knowledge and culture. The current government under Narendra Modi confronts both but is more avid in its recognition of governance. Oddly, it defines governance often in cultural terms emphasising civic virtues like cleanliness and punctuality. The government, in fact, rode to power emphasising that the key words the Congress likes — secularism and nationalism —were empty and hypocritical. A huge majority felt coerced by these terms because it sought to repress their imagination. Nehruvian modernity, in its later incarnations, created an epidemic of discontent and the BJP rode to power exploiting this sense of malaise. What brought Modi to power is a Hindu, majoritarian, aspirational middle class. Electoral majoritarianism erected the Modi regime but it is the very culture of democracy that haunts it.
Firstly, democratic regimes have to face the contradictions of electoralism. Majorities often feel treated as minorities and, when they come to power, assert their majoritarianism not just demographically but culturally. Minorities today feel afraid of Modi and his regime because they feel electoral democracy may not safeguard their culture, livelihoods or their rights anymore. The regime has provided few assurances for such anxieties.
In fact, what trouble us today are not the regime’s statements but its silence. While Modi acts as a politician wearing the corsets of governance, his array of supporters are asserting a cultural hegemony. Opponents of Modi are peremptorily told to join the train to Pakistan. By default Modi is giving the RSS, the VHP and the Bajrang Dal a free reign. Their freedom to express is important but what one sees is growing authoritarianism, symbolic threats in terms of cultural hegemony.
For instance, the domain of education is getting peppered with little examples of saffron history and culture. But the media does not give place to a full-fledged critique of such projects. Modi himself seems to be confusing history, myth and folklore. Modi and his supporters have to realise that science is not a tool of fundamentalism, and when science is understood so instrumentally, it affects expectations from science. Science eventually seeks new knowledge. It is not a spring cleaning experiment.
Today the regime allows for a new sense of religion and religiosity. I think this is welcome. Yet there are dangers here. Firstly, our civilisation is pluralistic and syncretic. Hindu is an all-encompassing, all-embracing word. It is hospitable to other creeds and faiths. Modi and groups like RSS are semiticising Hinduism, tending to create uniformity, trying to reduce it to a catechism of dos and don’ts when Hinduism is an open ended way of life. Damaging Hinduism in the name of Hindutva might be the regime’s greatest crime.
To be sure, many in the majority today feel easier about themselves. Secularism has been absent-minded about justice, one-sided in its advocacy of suffering. It talks about dissent in Kashmir, often glorifies separatists but ignores the Kashmiri Pandit displaced from his home. Such unfairness needs to be rectified. However, it cannot be done by erring on the other side.
This brings us to the fact that development Modi-style can be hegemonic. The Modi model of development is rooted in Gujarat, where development is offered as a project of erasure, an invitation to citizenship in return for the ritual of forgetting the riots. Secondly, such development has little place for the secondary and the defeated.
The new aspiring class that Modi represents is in a hurry. It does not want to wait and is often ready to prioritise mobility over justice. Development, whatever the model, needs a theory of ethics and suffering, and the current regime lacks this. It abolished the Planning Commission but at least the presence of the institution allowed for debates on poverty and livelihood. All we now confront is void and silence. The debate around NREGA is proof of this. No doubt it was corrupt, inefficient but it did provide a space.
One can appreciate the government’s effort to remove outdated laws but erasing institutions needs deeper thought, debate. Bandwagons of erasure are not the answer.
For observers like me, the government needs to rethink culture, the culture of institutions and culture of the nation-state to be truly democratic. An emphasis on narrow governance can hide these sins.
 

PM focus on growth  climate at G20PM focus on growth, climate at G20
Pramit Pal Chaudhuri , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 14, 2014
First Published: 23:14 IST(14/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:44 IST(15/11/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Brisbane to a sticky 40 degrees Celsius on Friday for the G-20 summit, forewarning of the heat that the world's most powerful economic conclave is expected to generate over the weekend.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at the Brisbane G20 Terminal in Australia. (Reuters Photo)
The G-20 has struggled for coherence since the Pittsburgh summit, which had a single-point agenda of responding to the global financial crisis, because its members have gone their separate economic ways and its agenda has expanded to include trees, gender issues and so on.
India has a limited, if difficult, agenda and this includes:
GROWTH
India is doing better than the most even at an anaemic 5% annual rate. It positively shines given the G-20 target of 2% annual growth for five years. Expect Modi to list all the reforms that he has promised to pass in the coming parliamentary sessions: GST, FDI in insurance and labour reforms to name a few. He is in a better position to walk his talk given his electoral mandate.
TAXATION
The largest multinational companies pay just over 10% tax because of the convoluted way they move their profits around. The governments, India included, are working out a blueprint for reforming the global tax system. New Delhi will push for adoption of the BEPS (base, erosion and profit- shifting system) that says, crudely, where a firm's factory is rather than where its headquarters is will determine where it pays its taxes.
India has made its chances of winning support more difficult by opposing the arbitration clause of the original BEPS proposal. It will be crucial to see how many countries will back India's BEPS variant. New Delhi will also make a big squawk about "black money". The G-20 will perhaps stifle their yawns, introduce some nice phrases but do little.
TRADE
The compromise deal between India and the United States that will give the former a food security clause in return for unblocking the trade facilitation agreement is now expected to be endorsed by the rest of the G-20, paving the way for the World Trade Organization to rubber stamp it later.
India's hard bargain put aside, it will be a nice-sounding "deliverable" for the Brisbane summiteers to add to their joint statement.
CLIMATE CHANGE
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott supposedly wants global warming to be limited to a single paragraph. Not surprising, considering his country is going to be the largest fossil fuel exporter in the coming decade. Modi takes climate change seriously but India will be happy if the US-China carbon agreement doesn't get too much play. Blind-sided by the US-China deal, thanks to a clueless Indian environment ministry, New Delhi will be under pressure to agree to similar climate strictures.
FUNDS
India wants the cost of remittances to be reduced. Makes sense because it is the world's largest recipient of remittances but it is not clear how the G-20 is involved in this.
New Delhi may sign up for Abbott's idea of setting up a "global infrastructure hub" in Sydney which would be a nice bilateral thing to do. India is signing for any infrastructure fund it can find and desperately needs infra-spending, so why not? India will join everyone in urging the US to hand over a few percentage points of its IMF and World Bank votes to emerging economies, as it had promised.
ALSO ON THE TABLE
Everyone will have a set of political grudges to settle. The Western countries plan to give Russia's Vladimir Putin a hard time. He is flexing his muscles too: two Russian warships are sailing off the coast of Australia. China and Japan may use the opportunity to not shake hands. None of this matters to India. Modi is the new kid on the global block so he has a great chance to sell the neo-Narendra narrative of India. He did it in the US, so why not on the Sunshine Coast?

Allahabad High Court issues notices to AMU V-C  registrar in libraryrowPrint
Written by Prashant Pandey | Allahabad | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:48 am
The Allahabad High Court on Friday issued notices to the Vice-Chancellor and the Registrar of Aligarh Muslim University seeking their response on a PIL seeking direction to the varsity authorities to allow entry of women students into the Maulana Azad Library.
Hearing the PIL filed by Deeksha Dwivedi and other law students, a division bench comprising Chief Justice D Y Chandrachud and Justice P K S Baghel fixed November 24 as next date of hearing.
A controversy has erupted over the AMU not allowing its women undergraduates access to the library. The Human Resource Development Ministry has also sought an explanation on the issue.
The PIL was filed Thursday, but the Divison Bench took up the matter out-of-turn on Friday following a mention by Smriti Kartikeya, the counsel of the petitioners
Issuing the notices to the respondents, which also includes the Union of India, the bench said, “Prima facie, it appears that any effort to regulate a problem of ‘over-crowding’ in a campus library must be on a gender neutral basis”.
The court said a breach of gender neutrality involves “an infraction of Constitutional norms in relation to the guarantees of equality under Article 14 and of gender identity under Article 15 of the Constitution”. It further said that “in the meantime”, it was expected that the Registrar and the V-C “deal with the matter as responsible statutory authorities should”.
While AMU’s counsel, Ikram Ahmad, could not appear before the court due to personal reasons, the bench issued notices, while taking note of the fact that the PIL was based on newspaper clippings of leading English dailies, including The Indian Express.
The reports raised the issue of women undergraduates not being granted access to the Maulana Azad Library. Amid the controversy, the V-C, Lt Gen (Retd) Zameer Uddin Shah, sought to explain that women undergraduates were not allowed because of “lack of space”. He had also allegedly said that the presence of women will only increase the number of male students visiting the library manifold.
Apart from this controversy, the AMU V-C is already facing another petition in which his “eligibility” to be on the post has been questioned.

Glitches mar Delhi BJPs social mediaeventDelhi unit chief Satish Upadhyay was missing from the event.
Written by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:48 am
Delays and glitches marred the Delhi BJP’s first ever social media event on Friday. Touted as an event “to connect with Generation Next”, it took off 30 minutes late as unit chief Satish Upadhyay had to attend an event in Rajouri Garden. Despite asking people to send in questions, the party replied to just 15 of them.
The event was also marred by glitches, despite a team of experts handling the proceedings. Upadhyay himself was missing from the office and media convenor Praveen Shankar Kapoor said the chief was replying on his smart phone from “party general secretary Ashish Sood’s residence”.
The live chat too did not go as planned as a personal touch was missing from the event. The replies were sent from the handle — BJPDelhiState — making it a party event.  On Friday morning, the Delhi BJP launched its website and said an interactive session would be held in the evening. The party is seeking suggestions from the people for its manifesto 2015.

Funds crunch a hurdle for prison reforms  says HomeMinisterPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:44 am
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh Friday said the Centre will commence the second phase of modernisation of prisons in the next financial year. The lack of funds for improving the condition of prisons, Singh said, is a problem faced both by the Centre and state governments. He also said the Centre will try to provide as much funding as it can for revamping prisons across the country.
While delivering the concluding address at a two-day seminar on prison reforms organised by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), Singh said the Home Ministry had allocated approximately Rs 1,800 crore for the first phase of modernisation of prisons that went on till March 2009.
“Despite it being a state subject, we are trying to provide maximum funding from the Centre. I will discuss with the Finance Minister how funding can be increased in the next Five Year Plan,” Singh said.
“I have been to jail four or five times. I have had the opportunity to observe the conditions… they are really pitiable and miserable,” said Singh. He said jails are overcrowded but one way of minimising the problem would be to avoid prolonged incarceration of prisoners and grant bail to those who have spent half of their possible quantum of punishment in jail.
NHRC member Cyriac Joseph suggested, among other things, a special cadre of officers for prisons and correctional facilities, making details of every prisoners available on the prison website and a liberal approach in granting furlough and parole to inmates.
NHRC chairman K G Balakrishnan said the Prisons Act, 1894 was in need of being updated and modernised. He said the aim should be to keep no undertrial in jail for over a year and his appeal to be decided in three years.

Shah pep talk for Delhi unit on pollstrategyShah is likely to address 100 Delhi leaders to discuss strategies chalked out by the Delhi team for a sweeping victory in the capital.
Written by Pragya Kaushika | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:43 am
A nervous party leadership in Delhi BJP is preparing to impress their party’s master strategist on November 18 when national president Amit Shah is likely to discuss the poll strategy with the Delhi leaders.
Shah is likely to address 100 Delhi leaders to discuss strategies chalked out by the Delhi team for a sweeping victory in the capital.
To win over residents, the BJP  has planned 2,700 jansabhas at all polling stations. These jansabhas will begin from December 1.
It has been made mandatory for MPs and Union ministers to be present at these jansabhas every day. The schedule of MPs will be chalked out with the help of the party’s national unit.
It is understood that Shah has asked leaders to plan as many public contact programmes as possible ahead of polls. From November 20-30, the unit will chalk out points for the jansabhas.
Delhi unit chief Satish Upadhyay is also taking lessons from his predecessor and is trying to accommodate as many leaders as possible to ensure party’s victory.
“His leadership will be tested in the polls… To make it easy for him, Shah has taken charge of the poll strategy,” a senior leader said.

Unhappy parents  anxiousteachersPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:40 am
The directive by the Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV) Board asking its schools to stop teaching German as a third language during mid session has left students and teachers in the lurch. While the contracts of many German teachers have been cut short, schools have been forced to organise counselling sessions for parents.
“If our children are willing to move forward and study the language and there are teachers teaching the subject, why is the government trying to let us down. This rule has not been applied to private schools. Students from Kendriya Vidyalaya will suffer. A foreign language would have broadened their career options,” said the mother of a Class VIII student at a KV in south Delhi.
Another parent said, “If the decision was taken to make students more aware about India’s traditions and culture, why don’t they remove English too? Exams have already been conducted. The government can’t decide in the middle of the school year that students who spent almost three years learning the subject will now have to study Sanskrit.”
A senior KV official said, “There was a board meeting on October 27 where the decision was taken. We are not stopping schools from teaching the subject. From 2009-10, some KVs had started offering German as an option to Sanskrit from Class VI-VIII. Now, instead of an optional subject, it will be offered as a hobby subject or additional subject.”
He added that if students want to study the language, it will be included in their co-curricular activities grades.
Sources on the board said detailed guidelines would be sent to schools “by Tuesday”. “This is to ensure that students make a smooth transition to Sanskrit,” an official said.
For many teachers, the directive came as bad news. “A day after the school got these directives, I was given a relieving order,” said a teacher.

Janata Parivar plans single bloc  common leaders inHousesPrint
Written by Pradeep R Kaushal | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:40 am
Taking their efforts of a reunification forward, members of the Janata Parivar would organise themselves into a single bloc with common leaders in both Houses of Parliament after the winter session gets underway.
Leaders of five parties — SP, JD(U), RJD, JD(S) and INLD — will meet on November 25 to choose the leaders in both Houses. JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav, who is credited with the reunification initiative, is already holding consultations with his counterparts in other Janata variants to work out a consensus before the meeting is held.
The session is scheduled to begin from November 24. Those slated to participate in the meeting are Mulayam Singh Yadav and Ram Gopal Yadav from the SP, Sharad Yadav and K C Tyagi from the JD(U), Prem Chand Gupta and Jai Prakash Narain Yadav from the RJD, H D Deve Gowda of the JD(S) and Dushyant Chautala of the INLD.
The Janata Parivar has a total of 40 members in the two Houses, 15 in Lok Sabha and 25 in Rajya Sabha. The Lok Sabha break-up is: SP (5), RJD (4) and JD(U), JD-S and INLD (2 each). The Janata Dal has as many as 12 people in the Upper House, followed by the SP with 10 members and the JD(S), the RJD and the INLD with one each.
“We would vote against the Land Acquisition Act, Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill (which is currently with a Rajya Sabha select committee), a dilution of the MGNREGA and any enhancement of the cap on the FDI to 49 per cent,” sources in the Janata Parivar told The Indian Express Friday. The Janata Parivar representative in the the select committee on the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill, K C Tyagi, would give a note of dissent on the report. The committee is headed by Chandan Mitra of the BJP.
Giving an outline of the proposed single party, the sources said it was going to have a federal structure, providing for a free hand to regional satraps in their core areas of influence. They said no contact had been established with Orissa Chief Minister and BJD leader Naveen Patnaik yet.

Foreign languages ending Indian civilisation: group behindmoveGerman Ambassador to India Michael Steiner at his residence in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Anil Sharma)
Written by Aniruddha Ghosal | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:37 am
The decision to “replace” Sanskrit with foreign languages in Kendriya Vidyalayas was a “western conspiracy” aimed at “ending Indian civilisation” and “Indian languages”, the Sanskrit Sikshak Sangh (SSS) — the organisation which spearheaded the movement that eventually resulted in the decision to drop German as an alternative to Sanskrit as a third language — has said.
Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani said the decision was taken in “national interest”. A similar view was taken by the SSS when it filed a PIL in May 2013 in the Delhi High Court against a circular issued by the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS), which allowed students to study foreign languages.
Last month, the HRD Ministry had asked KVS to reconsider the decision and told the court, “MoU between KVS and Goethe Institute-Max Mueller Bhawan for identifying and training Sanskrit teachers as German teachers has not been renewed.”
When contacted, SSS general secretary V Dayalu said that the imposition of foreign languages was a “western conspiracy aimed at causing damage to our culture, and ending Indian civilisation and Indian languages”.
The organisation — an umbrella body of Sanskrit scholars and teachers — claimed that they had approached the previous government as well, but in vain. After Narendra Modi announced his cabinet, the organisation wrote to the HRD Ministry reiterating their demands.
The RSS said the MoU was aimed at “inciting greed” at the “prospect of going abroad”.
“Teachers who went for the training were told that they could go abroad. If this isn’t inciting greed, then what is? It wasn’t true education. It was simply about allowing people to go abroad and earn money,” said Dayalu.
SSS president D K Jha said, “The fundamental aim of studying Sanskrit isn’t earning money, but the search for happiness. Learning Sanskrit gives you true happiness, decreases the chances of suicide. It increases patriotic spirit. Acquisition of wealth is a secondary aim, but Sanskrit can help in that too.”
He added, “Whether it’s Nasa’s research on the God particle or astronomy or mathematics, all of the knowledge is already there. Sanskrit is the key which will unlock it.”
Dayalu also said teaching Sanskrit to students would bring down the crime rate.

Obama administration considers plan to shield many fromdeportationThe Obama administration is considering a plan that would shield possibly around 5 million immigrants.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:37 am
The Obama administration is considering a plan that would shield possibly around 5 million immigrants living in the US illegally from deportation as part of a broad set of executive actions that could be announced as early as next week, people familiar with the discussions say.
The step would fall shy of what many immigrant advocates have been demanding, but is sure to enrage Republicans who are already trying to devise ways to thwart President Barack Obama’s actions. The issue has emerged as the first major confrontation between the president and Republicans since the conservative party swept midterm congressional elections last week.
Obama argues executive action is necessary because the Republican-controlled House failed to pass a sweeping, bipartisan immigration bill approved by the Senate in 2013.
Traveling in Asia, Obama said Friday Congress could simply undo his executive actions by passing comprehensive immigration legislation.
“I would advise that if in fact they want to take a different approach, rather than devote a lot of time trying to constrain my lawful actions as the chief executive of the US government in charge of enforcing our immigrations laws, that they spend some time passing a bill,” he said during a news conference in Yangon, Myanmar.
Republican leaders warn that unilateral action by Obama would only darken the prospects of Congress passing immigration legislation. And they argue it sends the wrong signal to voters who gave Republicans control of the Senate and expanded their majority in the House in last week’s elections.
“We’re going to fight the president tooth and nail if he continues down this path,” House Speaker John Boehner said Thursday. “And so, all the options are on the table.”
Some conservatives in the House and Senate announced plans to push for language in must-pass spending bills to block the president from acting. But other Republicans warned that such a push could result in another unpopular government shutdown like the one last year over Obama’s health care plan.
Suing the president over the move has emerged as one possibility. So has passing stand-alone legislation seeking to overturn his order, or restarting efforts to pass a House Republican immigration bill _ something Republicans have failed to do for the past two years.
Obama has pledged to move on the measures by year’s end, and White House officials are debating whether to act soon after he returns this weekend from his trip to Asia and Australia or wait until after Congress approves a spending bill in December.
Democrats will not relinquish control of the Senate until the new Congress takes office in January.
A senior Obama administration official said Obama’s immigration announcement could come next week, but the official said the president hadn’t made a decision yet either about timing or content of the decision.
Several officials said Obama still hasn’t received formal recommendations from continued…

Nikki begins her India tour from the State of her rootsUpdated: November 15, 2014 19:55 IST
Nikki begins her India tour from the State of her roots
Gaurav Vivek Bhatnagar
Tweet
Governor of South Carolina (USA) Nikki Haley during in Chandigarh on Friday. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
Governor of South Carolina (USA) Nikki Haley arrives at CII's interactive session with entrepreneurs in Chandigarh on Friday. Photo: Akhilesh Kumar
TOPICS
Punjab
South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley interacted with politicians and industry alike as she began her 10-day visit to the country from Chandigarh. In Punjab, Ms. Haley — who was born Nimrata Nikki Randhawa and who is the second Indian-American governor in the U.S. after Bobby Jindal — said her main objective is to establish aerospace, pharma, tourism and agro-processing industries.
Elected for a second term as the Governor of her State, Ms. Haley called on Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal, at his official residence. She declared that South Carolina could help Punjab in getting business connections and advocated exchange of delegations to take this initiative forward.
The Governor spoke about how South Carolina has been able to create new jobs in the aerospace and hospitality sectors. “Our success rate in skill training is as much as 93 per cent and we would be glad to assist Punjab in this field also,” she added.
Photo: AP
Ms. Haley, who had last visited the State along with her parents 40 years ago, declared that she was proud to be part of a Jat Sikh family. She said she was delighted to be back in the State of her roots. “The last time I came here was when I was two-years-old,” she said, adding she looked forward to visiting the Darbar Sahab in Amritsar.
Mr. Badal said: “We believe the government should not be in business and have changed laws to ensure investors get quick clearances. We have also created a department of administrative reforms.” Ms. Haley also participated in an interactive session organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry here.

Cgarh deaths: Rat poison in antibioticsComments
Antibiotics tainted with a chemical used in rat poison may have caused the death of 13 women at a government sterilization camp in Chhattisgarh this week, officials suggested Friday after preliminary testing of the drugs.
An analysis of the antibiotic tablet Ciprofloxacin 500 revealed the medicine was adulterated with zinc phosphide, a chemical used in rat poison.
 
The drug had been seized from Raipur-based pharmaceutical company Mahawar Pharma on Thursday and has been sent for further tests.
 
Officials said a significant quantity of burnt medicines was found on the premises.
 
The symptoms shown by the women who became unwell after undergoing botched sterilizations is similar to how the body reacts to zinc phosphide, doctors in Bilaspur said.
 
After the surgery, the women had complained of nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain. The 13 died of cardiac arrest, kidney failure and respiratory breakdown. “Such a chemical results in high mortality,” health officials stated.
 
“We have conducted raids across the state and seized over 43 lakh similar tablets prepared by Mahawar Pharma,” Bilaspur commissioner Sonmoni Borah told HT.
 
Mahawar Pharma director Ramesh Mahawar and his son Sumit were arrested by Raipur police on Friday.
“Prima facie, there is strong suspicion of zinc phosphide adulteration in the antibiotic. But it can be confirmed only after we get final reports from the national drug laboratories in Kolkata and Delhi where the sample has been sent,” said state health principal secretary Dr Alok Shukla told HT. The final report of the laboratory tests are likely to reach by Sunday.
 
This is the first time the toxin has been traced in preliminary findings. “The initial tests were done at Bilaspur science college. We were surprised though it is just the first impression of zinc phosphide in the tablet,” said Borah.

Obama credits Modi for WTO dealUpdated: November 14, 2014 14:49 IST
Obama credits Modi for WTO deal
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with U.S. President Barack Obama in Washington. File photo
TOPICS
environmental issues
Mr. Obama met briefly the Prime Minister on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit in Nay Pyi Daw described Mr Modi as a man of action
United States President Barack Obama has commended the “personal leadership” role provided by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in finding a path forward on WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) reached between the two countries, a presidential spokesperson said.
“The President had extensive discussions with Prime Minister Modi on this issue and appreciates his personal leadership in finding a path forward,” the White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said in a statement after India and US announced that the two countries have reached an agreement on TFA.
In Myanmar, where Mr. Obama met briefly the Prime Minister on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit in Nay Pyi Daw described Mr Modi as a man of action.
In a statement, Mr. Earnest said the important breakthrough reached between the United States and India will unlock progress toward the full and immediate implementation of the WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement, which will lower the costs of trade for developed and developing countries alike.
“This breakthrough will also strengthen the multilateral trading system and give a boost to its ongoing work, including in the area of food security,” he said.
“Combined with the recent announcement of a breakthrough on the WTO Information Technology Agreement (ITA) and the agreement among Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP) Leaders that the end of those landmark negotiations is coming into focus, this has been a good week for expanding opportunities for American businesses and workers and for promoting growth around the globe,” Mr. Earnest said.

Tiger set free by Putin still roaming in ChinaUpdated: November 14, 2014 19:28 IST
Tiger set free by Putin still roaming in China
PTI
human interest
One of the rare Siberian tigers set free by Russian President Vladimir Putin was spotted near the Sino-Russian border, a month after it strayed into China, official media reports in Beijing said.
“Kuzya”, first of three Siberian tigers released by Putin to enter the Chinese territory, was detected on Monday several hundred meters away from the Sino-Russian border river in the Taipinggou nature reserve, according to a GPS tracking device on the tiger, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
Earlier reports said that the tiger was moving southward and may spend the winter in China.
After analysing the GPS data, the experts concluded that Kuzya was walking along the bank of the Heilongjiang River this week, possibly seeking a chance to return to Russia.
The big cat had swam across the border river from Russia to China in October.
However, expanding drift ice on the surface of the river has hampered its return in the recent days.
Kuzya was one of three Siberian tigers released by Putin in May.
Fewer than 500 Siberian tigers remain in the wild, mainly in eastern Russia, northeast China and northern parts of the Korean Peninsula.
China puts its own number of wild Siberian tigers between 18 and 22, mostly living in the border areas.

http://usat.ly/1v9Ga7TEMAIL
Getty
Shares of music streaming service Pandora Media (P) are up big after the company’s CEO announced he bought nearly $500,000 of the company’s stock.
Pandora stock is up $2.57, or 14%, to $21.02 Friday after a filing disclosed late Thursday revealed a significant stock purchase by CEO Brian McAndrews. McAndrews bought 25,000 shares of Pandora at $18.58 a share for a total investment of $464,595 on Nov. 12.
Investors routinely look past CEOs’ sales transactions, since many of sell on schedules or to diversify their holdings. CEOs have to pay for their kids’ college, too. But investors see open market purchases of stock as rather bullish.
McAndrews’ vote with his wallet comes as Pandora’s stock has been particularly vulnerable. Streaming music services – namely Spotify – are under attack by artists. And Pandora’s stock has fallen more than 20% this year. The CEO’s purchase comes just days after the stock hit a low this year on Nov. 6 at $17.78 a share.

Why Time May Be Running Out For Philae LanderAt least three people died Friday in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

A Look at Greece s Recession JourneyAt least three people died Friday in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Amid rush for tickets  a spate ofswitchoversPrint
Written by Arun Sharma , Mir Ehsan | Jammu/srinagar | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:20 am
In the run up to the elections in Jammu and Kashmir, political equations are fast changing, with many leaders leaving their parties to join new ones.
In Darhal, ex-minister and Congress state vice-president Thakur Puran Singh joined the BJP with his supporters. Interestingly, BJP’s sitting MLA from Darhal, Jagdish Raj Sapolia, has made a move to the Congress.
The two were reportedly angry over their parties fielding someone else from their respective constituencies.
While the Congress fielded Iqbal Malik in Darhal this time, the BJP went with Choudhary Lal Singh in Basohli as it suspected Sapolia of having cross voted against the party nominee during the 2011 Legislative Council polls. Choudhary Lal Singh was with the Congress till recently, and had even questioned PM Narendra Modi’s credentials to lead the country during the Lok Sabha polls.
Congress veteran Mangat Ram Sharma, who represented the party as deputy chief minister in the Mufti Sayeed-led coalition government after the 2002 Assembly polls, has joined PDP along with his son, while ex-mayor and prominent Jat leader Choudhary Manmohan Singh has left the Congress for the BJP. Other leaders — R S Pathania, Abdul Ghani Kohli and Gharu Ram — have also quit the Congress ahead of the polls.
The National Conference’s former minister and ex-MP Choudhary Talib Hussain — a prominent Gujjar leader — is fighting for the BJP from Rajouri this time. Separatist Hurriyat leader Nazik Hussain Shah, too, has joined the BJP.
Despite a steady influx of leaders, the BJP too has been facing dissent. Its sitting MLA Durga Das has joined the Jammu & Kashmir National Panthers Party. BJP’s Reasi MLA Baldev Raj Sharma is planning to contest as an Independent from the constituency after he was denied a ticket.
In Kashmir, too, many politicians have switched sides. Former J&K chief secretary and member of the Legislative Council Sheikh Ghulam Rasool left the NC for PDP, complaining that Chief Minister Omar Abdullah ignored him.
Mohammad Yousuf Bhat, who was Omar’s chief campaigner in the last Assembly elections, has been given a ticket by the Congress to fight from Ganderbal constituency.
Abdul Ahad Yatoo, who contested on a Congress ticket in 2008, joined the PDP three months ago hoping for a ticket. Denied one, he has now joined the Kashmir Development Front, and is the party’s candidate from Pattan.
District Congress president Mir Mushtaq, who contested the last elections from Baramulla, joined the BJP recently. He is likely to be the BJP candidate from Baramulla or Uri.

Admissions  recruitments onholdPrint
By: Express News Service | Pune | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:15 am
The Bombay High Court staying the 16 per cent reservation for the Maratha community in academic institutions and government jobs in Maharashtra is likely to create confusion in academic circles for while. Following Friday’s court order, certain institutions in the process of complying with the new quota policy decided to wait for fresh government orders.
Agricultural universities were the first to implement the new reservation policy on the academic front. After the court order, the Maharashtra Council of Agricultural Education and Research (MCAER), which governs the functioning of these varsities, held its PhD admission process in abeyance until further clarifications from the government.
“We were about to display the merit list for admissions to around 206 PhD seats in around 12 institutes under agricultural universities,” said MCAER Director (Education), Uttam Kadam.
The Directorate of Technical Education had not made Maratha reservation applicable to Centralised Admission Process for engineering for  2014-15, but introduced it for institute level seats following the formal decision. Admissions through lateral entry (direct second-year admission) for engineering and pharmacy degree courses were brought under the new reservation policy for  2014-15.

Maratha quota: Constitutional and legal sanction achallengeDiscrepancies will be discussed during winter session, says CM.
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:11 am
 
The fortnight-old Maharashtra government is set to face another big test after the Bombay High Court Friday stayed the 16 per cent reservation provided to the Maratha community by the previous Congress-NCP government. With the political and economically dominant community expected to take up the issue with him, Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said his government would move the Supreme Court against the stay.
Fadnavis and his Cabinet colleagues are also expected to meet on Saturday to discuss their options.
The HC disallowed the 16 per cent reservation to Marathas in government jobs and educational institutions. The court also stayed 5 per cent reservation for Muslims in employment but allowed the same in educational institutions barring the private ones.
On Friday, while Congress leader Narayan Rane, who led the committee that recommended the reservation for Marathas, sought to blame the
BJP government for not presenting its case adequately well in the court. Cabinet minister Vinod Tawde, however, clarified that the issue was already in court and that arguments had been completed during the tenure of the Congress-NCP government.
While the move yielded no political dividends for the Congress and the NCP, no political party is opposing reservation for the dominant Maratha community.
When the Prithviraj Chavan government had given its consent to the move in the run-up to the Assembly elections, Fadnavis had incidentally said the poll-time sop would not get the Constitutional and legal sanction.
On Friday, however, the CM said: “My government is committed to the reservation for Maratha community. If there are certain discrepancies in the law pointed by the High Court, we will take measures to make the necessary corrections. The lacuna will be addressed.”
He added: “The shortcoming in the laws will be taken up during the winter session of Assembly beginning in Nagpur on December 8.”
The HC ruling against Maratha reservation is going to have wider political ramifications as opposition Congress-NCP will use it against the ruling BJP. This was evident as former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said: “We want the new government to clear its stand on Maratha quota. The Congress will study to HC order. We will fully support Maratha reservation as the final hearing is on January 5.”
While Shiv Sena leader Diwakar Raote wondered why the government “could not present the case properly to justify the reservation”, NCP chief spokesperson Nawab Malik argued: “If the court has stayed the reservation, it raises question on how the matter was presented by the government in court.”
Notwithstanding the political posturing, leaders of Congress, NCP and Sena admit that the biggest hurdle ahead is to get Constitutional and legal sanction for the Maratha quota.
The controversial Maratha reservation was pushed by the Congress-NCP government ahead of the Assembly elections with an objective to win over the support of the community, which constitutes 30 per cent of the state population. After a major defeat in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, NCP president Sharad Pawar had urged continued…

Nigeria: Militants seize hometown of kidnappedschoolgirlsIslamic extremists in Nigeria have seized Chibok, forcing thousands of people to flee the town.
By: Associated Press | Maiduguri | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:04 am
Islamic extremists in Nigeria have seized Chibok, forcing thousands of people to flee the town where insurgents kidnapped nearly 300 schoolgirls in April, a local official said Friday.
The Boko Haram insurgents entered the town Thursday, shooting from pickup trucks and motorcycles, Bana Lawan, chairman of the Chibok local government, told The Associated Press.
“Nobody can tell you what is happening there today because everybody is just trying to escape with their lives,” he said.
In Washington, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the US is closely monitoring the situation in Chibok.
” We condemn these attacks in Chibok, a community that has already suffered too much. … We remain committed to helping the government of Nigeria address the threat posed by extremist organisations, Psaki told reporters.
In a separate development, a bomb exploded Friday night in northern Kano city, the second largest population center in Nigeria, killing an unknown number of people.
Resident Aliyu Yusuf Hotoro said many buildings shook from the force of the explosion opposite a gas station on a main road leading to Maiduguri, the capital of Borno state to the northeast. Soldiers, police and emergency rescue operations workers cordoned off the area.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the bomb, but Boko Haram extremists have detonated ones in Kano in the past.
Meanwhile, attempts to call the cellphones of some of the kidnapped girls’ parents living in Chibok failed. Boko Haram extremists often destroy cellphone towers, and the military often cuts communications to areas under attack.
Dozens of the kidnapped girls escaped in the first couple of days after their capture from a boarding school just outside the town, but 219 are still missing.
Community leader Hussain Monguno said none of the escapees was in Chibok at the time of the attack. They have all been given scholarships to other schools in northern Nigeria.
Nigeria’s military chief announced on October 17 that the country’s homegrown Boko Haram extremist group had agreed to an immediate cease-fire. Government officials said the truce would lead to the girls’ speedy release.
But Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau in a video released last month said the girls were “an old story,” that they all had converted to Islam and been married off to his fighters.
Chibok is an enclave of mainly Christian families, some involved in translating the Bible into local languages, in the mainly Muslim north of Nigeria.
At least seven of the girls’ parents have died since their abductions, from causes such as heart attacks that residents blame on the trauma, according to Monguno, head of the Borno-Yobe People’s Forum.
Since the apparent cease-fire announcement, the insurgents have taken control of several more towns and villages where they have declared an Islamic caliphate along the lines of the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria.
In an area covering about 20,000 square continued…

Delhi has lower crime rate than New York  saysstudyPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:57 am
A research report presented at the 13th Urban Age conference, held at the London School of Economics, has both good and bad news in store for Delhi.
Research in eight urban cities across the world has found that Delhi has a very low violent crime rate compared to New York and Istanbul.
The bad news is that the city has a high average density of built up area — despite its relatively low-rise urban landscape — making it difficult to control average particulate matter 10 pollution levels.
Comparing Delhi’s urban dynamics to seven urban cities — London, Bogota, Lagos, Tokyo, New York, Istanbul and Berlin — the study highlights that the capital has an extremely high average density of built up area of 19,698 people per square km. This is nearly twice that of the New York Metro area (which at 11,531 people/sq km includes high rise Manhattan) and Tokyo with 11,025 people/sq km.
“The result of this high density is that Delhi only has two square mts of green space per person, significantly lower than London (36 sq mts) and Berlin (39 sq mts). This increases the challenge of tackling Delhi’s average PM 10 levels, which are significantly higher than other urban cities,” the study states.
The report also says Delhi scores well in having a very low level of violent crime, measured by the murder rate (homicides per 100,000 people), than New York and Istanbul.
The research has been carried out in preparation of a two-day conference on Urban Age, “Governing Urban Futures”, organised in partnership with the National Institute of Urban Affairs which started on Friday.
The conference is being organised by ‘LSE Cities’ at the London School of Economics and Political Science and Deutsche Bank’s Alfred Herrhausen Society.
Over 60 experts and policymakers from 22 cities across 10 countries gathered at the conference to explore the links between urban governance and future development.

Love jihad not worth talking about:NCWPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:55 am
National Commission for Women chairperson Lalitha Kumaramangalam has said that ‘love jihad’ is not an issue worth talking about, but has been “blown out of proportion” due to “media hype”. She said she would much rather use her position to work on bigger issues like honour killing.
“I do not want to talk about love jihad. It is a totally unimportant issue compared to some of the other issues that women need to tackle. If you (media) stop talking about it they (political leaders) will also stop talking. There is a deep-rooted bias in society against women…Take the issue of honour killings. It is far more important for me to deal with that than against love jihad,” Kumaramangalam said during an interaction at the Indian Women’s Press Corps.
On occasional advisories from BJP leaders on how women should dress, she said: “I have always been very vocal against it… It is very unfortunate (that people make such statements)”.

On Childrens Day  police station turns school for streetkidsPrint
Written by Sumegha Gulati | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:51 am
Eight-year-old Basant and his friend Parvat (7) didn’t know that Friday was Children’s Day or that it was the birthday of India’s first prime minister. But the day was still was special. “There’s food at the back,” Parvat said, tugging Basant towards a table laden with snacks and cold drinks.
Part of the group of 25 children enrolled in Delhi Police’s initiative under the “Open Basic Education Programme”, Basant and Parvat had attended the first class on Friday at the Hazrat Nizamuddin police station. “The class was good. I could not understand everything that these people said. But it felt nice to go to ‘school’. They promised us they would allow us to paint in the next class,” Basant said.
Ask them where they are from and they promptly reply, “Rajasthan”. But any queries about their town, city or details of who their parents are, what they do and  where they live evoke suspicious glances and evasive answers.
All that these two abandoned children, living at the Nizamuddin railway station, are ready to reveal is that one “Badku” beats them up if they don’t give him money every day. Ask Parvat what money he is talking about and how he gets it, he goes quiet. Basant stares at his friend silently and offers no explanation.
Senior police officers said the initiative is to engage street children like Basant and Parvat in education to direct their energies towards “more constructive” purposes.
DCP (Railways) Sanjay Bhatia said, “Street children are a neglected lot. We want to provide them an opportunity to study. Our four main agendas are to provide them free basic education; engage them in co-curricular activities such as painting, music and sports; hold weekly medical check-ups; and provide them refreshments.”
For now, the premises of the Hazrat Nizamuddin police station is doubling up as a ‘school’. Special teachers have been enlisted to teach these children, Bhatia said.
Police have also requested the Railways to allot a separate space to make the classes more formal.
“We will try to hold regular classes for these children. But the process has to be gradual. We do not wish to burden them. The move will also bring down crime  in the area — most of the petty crimes at railway stations are committed by children,” Bhatia said.
The pilot project, if successful, will be implemented in other areas as well. “We will analyse the crime rate in a few months. If incidents of petty crimes do go down, then the model will be replicated elsewhere,” the officer said.
Welcoming the move, Bachpan Bachao Andolan’s Victim Assistance Programme manager Rakesh Senger said the initiative will also help project a positive image of police in the minds of these children.
“The terms we generally use for them — street children or abandoned kids — are usually not apt. Most of these children are not homeless.
They have families around. Those who don’t are trafficked here. Many are made to beg or become a part of organised crime. Their general perception about police is one of fear. So, this continued…

Smart cities: Singapore says ball in IndiascourtPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Singapore | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:51 am
Singapore’s Senior Minister of State for Foreign Affairs Masagos Zulkifli on Friday said his government was keen to develop smart cities in India and was waiting for a detailed project report from the Narendra Modi government after “primary-level government to government talks” to take things forward.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu, who was in Singapore on a three-day trip that concluded Thursday, also held discussions with the government here to develop the new capital of his state.
Talking to journalists, Zulkifli said, “India is beginning to remember how powerful they were. Any superpower is hungry for development. Manmohan Singh had also shown intent towards smart cities but later got engaged in domestic issues. Under Modi, it looks like India is on cusp of breaking through barriers.”
Modi, who has expressed his intention to change his “Look East Policy” to “Act East Policy”, met Singapore PM Lee Hsien Loong in Myanmar on Wednesday and was invited to attend the country’s 50th Independence Day celebrations next year. Modi also discussed expanding tourism and urban development with his Singapore counterpart as well as plans to develop a digital maritime museum in India.
“We have fantastic relationships with whoever runs India, but the good thing about real India is that at times it is too real,” said the minister, hinting at the socio-economic and legal hurdles that have prevented projects from moving fast in the past. He said smart cities were “economically sound projects but had social issues such as matters of displacement, resettlement and land compensation”.

Labor  community leaders pledge to push lawmakers to raise...Labor, community leaders pledge to push lawmakers to raise minimum wage
Caption Workers hope for minimum wage increase after referendum passed
Raise Illinois Action, a coalition of labor groups and community organizations, held a press conference on results of the non-biding referendum on minimum wage in Chicago on Nov. 5, 2014. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
Raise Illinois Action, a coalition of labor groups and community organizations, held a press conference on results of the non-biding referendum on minimum wage in Chicago on Nov. 5, 2014. (Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune)
Caption 'Raising the minimum wage makes moral sense'
Katelyn Johnson, executive director of Action Now, discusses the minimum wage referendum at a press conference Wednesday.
Katelyn Johnson, executive director of Action Now, discusses the minimum wage referendum at a press conference Wednesday.
Elections AFL-CIO
Labor, community leaders on minimum wage referendum: 'The working people have spoken'
Labor and community leaders on Wednesday pledged to push lawmakers to raise Illinois' minimum wage to $10 per hour after two thirds of voters supported an increase in a non-binding referendum Tuesday.
"The working people have spoken," Katelyn Johnson, executive director of Action Now, said at a press conference in downtown Chicago. "They are demanding a minimum wage increase."
Ill. voters support tax on millionaires and minimum wage hike
A majority of Ill. voters supported increasing the minimum wage and taxing millionaires on Tuesday's ballot.
A majority of Ill. voters supported increasing the minimum wage and taxing millionaires on Tuesday's ballot.
See more videos
Two-thirds of Illinois voters supported raising the state's minimum wage from $8.25 per hour to $10 per hour in January in a non-binding referendum. Lawmakers have introduced bills in the House and the Senate that would raise the minimum wage to $10.65 per hour in 2016. They will return to Springfield in two weeks for the fall veto session.
Johnson said the overwhelming vote in favor of the increase sends a strong signal to lawmakers.
"Elected officials need to hear it; they need to carry out the will of the people," Johnson said, adding that voters will remember casting the vote and will not wait any longer.
@brooken78 I understand that those from Gordon might beg to differ....
John the First
14
Kim Maisch, state director of the National Federation of Independent Businesses, which represents 11,000 small businesses in Illinois, said the state's current minimum wage is one of the highest in the country. The rate, she said, "has done very little to decrease poverty and hasn't helped create any new jobs."
Instead, NFIB would prefer to focus on helping people get the education and training needed to land jobs that pay more than the minimum wage, Maisch said.
Josue Barrera, who said he works two minimum wage jobs and still finds himself struggling, said his dream is to study mechanical engineering. But he said he finds it impossible to go to school and support himself when wages are so low.
"The real fight begins now," Barrera said at the press conference. Barrera said he campaigned with Logan Square Neighborhood Association to get people out to vote.
Illinois was one of a handful states with ballot initiatives to raise the minimum wage. Voters in Alaska, Arkansas, Nebraska and South Dakota voted to raise their minimum wage to between $8.50 and $9.75 per hour from between $6.25 to $7.75 per hour. In California, voters passed a referendum to increase the minimum wage from $9 to $12.25 per hour in Oakland and from $10.74 to $15 per hour in San Francisco. And voters in various cities and counties in Wisconsin approved a non-binding referendum to raise the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour. Wisconsin's minimum wage is $7.25 per hour. The results led the labor movement to claim victory on the minimum wage front.
"Despite some disappointing political results for millions of union members and all working families, the vast majority of Americans made clear they want an economy that works for everyone," the AFL-CIO said in a statement.

Scottish independence party names new leaderYou are here: Home > Collections > Scotland
Scottish independence party SNP names Nicola Sturgeon as new leader
AFP Nov 14, 2014, 09.40PM IST
Tags:
Alex Salmond
(Nicola Sturgeon speaks…)
PERTH, (UNITED KINGDOM): Scotland's ruling Scottish National Party (SNP) on Friday crowned a new leader who vowed to continue the fight for independence, despite defeat in September's referendum.
First Minister Alex Salmond quit after the September ballot, in which 55 percent of voters said "No" to leaving the United Kingdom, and has now been replaced by his deputy Nicola Sturgeon .
Delegates rubber-stamped Sturgeon's election as SNP leader at the party's annual conference in Perth -- she was the only candidate -- paving the way for her appointment as Scotland's first female first minister next week.
"I think we will become an independent country," the 44-year-old former lawyer told Sky News after her appointment.
"I think that's the direction of travel but it will only happen when the people of Scotland choose it," she said.
Asked if that would be under her leadership, she replied: "I certainly hope so."
The SNP is increasingly being seen as a possible "kingmaker" after Britain's general election in May if neither of the two main parties, the Conservatives or Labour, win a majority.
Sturgeon said the SNP would not "prop up" a Conservative government but could support a Labour government "if they have to depend on SNP votes" without forming a formal coalition.
Salmond led the SNP for nearly 20 years and spent seven as first minister, transforming the nationalist party from a marginal organisation to a major political force.
In his outgoing speech to the conference, Salmond repeated his belief that Scotland can still become an independent nation despite the referendum vote.
"September 18, 2014 will be seen as the day that Scotland started to take control of our own destiny," he said.
In the vote, "1.6 million women and men living and working in Scotland chose hope over fear, a much higher number than our opponents ever thought possible when we started this campaign", he said.
The party was "invigorated as never before", he continued.
The SNP's membership has swelled since the referendum from 25,000 to more than 85,000, and Salmond said he hoped it could reach 100,000 before the British general election.
John Curtice , a politics professor at the University of Strathclyde , said the referendum had "empowered" the SNP.
"They understood people wanted Scotland to be more powerful," he said. Stuart Waiton, a sociology lecturer at the University of Abertay Dundee, said the SNP was now "stronger" and the once-dominant Labour party was "in disarray".
"The expectation is that Labour will collapse" in May's British election, he said.
Although Scotland remains part of the UK, the closeness of the referendum campaign prompted the British government to promise new powers for the devolved government in Edinburgh.
Proposals are set to be outlined by the end of the month and laid into legislation by early next year.
"If the Westminster gang reneges on that promise, they will discover that hell hath no fury like a nation scorned," Salmond said.
Welcoming her appointment, Sturgeon said it was a "good time for our party and it's a good time for our country".
The conference also saw Stewart Hosie elected as the party's new deputy leader.
He is a lawmaker in the British parliament in London but not the Scottish parliament , so will not be able to take over Sturgeon's job as deputy first minister in Edinburgh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Earnings | Tata Motors | SpiceJet | ONGCTata Motors says profit falls after domestic sales drop
ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 02.50AM IST
Tags:
Indian rupee
(Tata Motors Ltd, India's…)
MUMBAI: India's largest automobile company by revenues, Tata Motors posted a 7% decline in consolidated net profit for the second quarter ended September, missing the street estimates by a large margin.
Arecord high loss by its domestic operation coupled with revaluation of currency (£85 million), higher tax provision and increased depreciation cost at Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) took a toll on the consolidated profits for the second quarter of FY15. The consolidated net profit for Q2 stood at Rs3,291 crore against Rs3,542 crore posted in the same period last year. The consolidated net revenues for the period grew 6.5% and the EBIDTA margin too expanded by 70 basis po ints to 17% in the quarter.
Reviewing the Q2 earnings C Ramakrishnan, CFO, Tata Motors said, as far as JLR is concerned, a higher tax provisioning and more importantly, JLR had a lot of new projects getting launched and the company is continuing to invest in lot of new products, so the depreciation and amortisation charge is also growing. "It is, however, a non-cash expenditure. Apart from this, there was a marginal revaluation of currency. Its domestic business had a certain amount of reversals of tax credits," said Ramakrishnan.
While JLR reported a healthy margin expansion of 190 basis points to a whopping 19.4% EBIDTA margins, a single digit growth in volumes, meant revenues were only marginally up 4.2% to £4,808 million (Rs46,455 crore) and PAT fell 11.24% to £450 million (Rs4,347.9 crore).
On the JLR front, the new models XE and Discovery Sport will help build the sales momentum in 2015 and the Chinese JV will start commercial production, which will help meet the demand in China more aggressively. The region makes up for over a quarter of sales for JLR.
Closer home the signs of a pick up in sentiment, has resulted in growth in the medium and heavy commercial vehicle segment, but the company says the real growth is only expected next year. And on the passenger vehicle front, a large part of its portfolio is struggling, with only saving grace being, the newly launched Zest, which the company claimed had a good response from the market with over 10,000 units sold so far. However, this had little impact on the standalone earnings.
On a standalone basis, the condition has turned from bad to worse. The standalone loss has more than doubled toRs1,846 crore, which is the highest ever loss in the company's history with a negative EBIDTA of Rs145 crore and a EBIDTA margin of which was a negative 1.7%.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Atletico de Kolkata  Chennaiyin FC play out 0-0 draw at Salt LakeStadiumBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:39 am
Atletico de Kolkata played out a goal-less draw against Chennaiyin FC in a high-intensity Indian Super League fixture on Friday to maintain their top spot. Watched by a starry Bollywood gathering of Bachchan father-son duo and Deepika Padukone, the match had all the ingredients of an eventful contest, including an 11-minute interruption thanks to a familiar power outage at the Yuva Bharati Krirangan.
But a goal eluded both the teams and ATK would consider themselves unlucky after their star striker Fikru Teferra fluffed an easy chance while marquee player and captain Luis Garcia’s free-kick hit the crosspiece.
Even Chennaiyin FC very nearly went one-up in the 80th minute when Balwant Singh scored using a Jean-Eudes Maurice cross. But the Indian striker’s deflection of his hands was spotted by referee Pratap Singh, who disallowed the goal.
Chennaiyin’s star Brazilian forward Elano Blumer also had a lacklustre day, missing some easy opportunities while his clinical freekicks too eluded him a goal. Both teams refused to play second fiddle in the top of the table clash but it was ATK who had the best opportunity with Fikru firing it wide of the post.
In a 21st minute move, a full charged-up ATK dished out some amazing interplay between Garcia, Nato and Fikru who found himself in front of an open goal. But the Ethiopian let the team down firing it wide of the post in the best chance of the first-half. If Fikru’s shot broke the hearts of the 45,000-odd crowd in the first-half, former Liverpool star Luis Garcia hit the crossbar after a powerful curling left-footer on the edge of the box in the 62nd minute.
The Spaniard sent the ball curling towards the right top corner but the framework denied him as ATK had to settle for one point to retain their lead over the Chennai side on top of the table by virtue of goal difference.
ATK made a couple of changes to their line up as their influential playmaker Jofre, who was suspended for their last match, returned in place of Kingshuk Debnath while Lester Fernandez replaced Cavin Lobo. In their battle for the top spot, Chennaiyin FC also made two changes, bringing in Eric Djemba-Djemba and Dane Pereira for Bojan Djordjic and Denson Devdas.
After the match Chennaiyin FC assistant coach Vivek Nagul said two more wins may be enough for his side to book a semi-final berth.
“Two wins would really secure a place. If a couple of games can be won by us or by Kolkata it could secure a place,” Nagul told reporters.
He said that ATK deserved three points today. “We missed our two central defenders but our performance deserved the one point. continued…

Grounded Sukhois cleared for flyingNew Delhi, November 14, 2014
Updated: November 14, 2014 23:50 IST
Grounded Sukhois cleared for flying
Dinakar Peri
Combat aircraft Sukhoi-30 fleet, grounded after a crash near Pune on October 14,, will be back in the air “within a week’s time,” Chief of Air Staff Arup Raha said on Friday. (file photo)
TOPICS
armed Forces
The Russian-made combat aircraft fleet was grounded after a crash near Pune on October 14.
The Indian Air Force’s frontline fighter jet, Sukhoi-30, has been cleared for flying after being grounded for nearly a month.
The entire fleet of about 200 Su-30s had been grounded following a Sukhoi crash in Pune on October 14. “The Sukhoi-30 fleet has been cleared for flying,” IAF spokesperson Wing Commander S.S. Birdi said on Friday.
Pune crash
On the reasons behind the Pune crash, IAF Chief Arup Raha told reporters, “This accident appeared to be due to automatic firing of the seats. The Court of Inquiry is about to be completed and the findings are being finalised.”
A team of 10 Russian experts joined the Indian experts in probing the cause of the crash in which the fighter jet crash landed on its belly around 20 km from the runway, while the pilots ejected safely.
Third instance
This was the third and also the longest period the Sukhoi fleet was grounded since its first crash in 2009.
Su-30s are the most modern of the IAF’s fighter jets and represent almost a third of its fighter fleet.

S pore ready to help India develop 100 smart...Masagos Zulkifli
(Senior Minister of State…)
SINGAPORE: Singapore is ready to help India make a "good decision" in realising its ambitious plan to develop 100 smart cities across the country, a senior minister said here today.
Singapore is ready to help India in developing its cities, including capital New Delhi, but it can only provide a vision whose implementation depends on the people and leadership of the country, Masagos Zulkifli , Senior Minister of State, Ministry of Home Affairs said.
"We can't help India, only India can help itself....We can only provide vision and its up to the government and the people in the country how they implement it," he told a group of visiting Indian journalists.
"Singapore could help that you get it right....Singapore is here to offer help," he said when asked how Singapore can help India in realising Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plans to develop 100 smart cities.
Masagos said realising a vision is just a matter of political will and he is confident that Prime Minister Modi will be able to take India to new heights.
"I have no doubt that India can thrive like China," he said.
When asked about which are the area where India lacks the most, he replied, "It's planning."
With good basic planning everything else falls into place automatically when people and the government are determined to implement it, he said.
Elaborating on the Singapore model of smart cities, Masagos said Singapore as a city state always kept in mind its future needs while planning for current needs.
"Its important to figure out for whom you are building these cities....What are their needs," he said adding that on smart cities "we have a proposal on the table and we want them (India) to make a good decision."
The minister said India needs to resolve its land acquisition issues so that people get good compensation before being relocated to undertake such projects.
Singapore from its own experience can also help India in water management, he said.
Praising India's democratic structure, he said Singapore had fantastic relations with India and it would like to ensure that in the future too.
When asked whether Singapore wants to discourage expat workers by framing tough eligibility criteria, Masagos said the country is "addicted" to foreign workers and expats, who are able to contribute to the economy and productivity, are always welcome.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Threat to health subsidies pressures state s decision to create exchange2
Legislators and interested groups are tweaking the proposal and plan to start moving a revised bill through the process next week, Gabel said.
In Illinois, the subsidies have lowered individual monthly premiums by an average of $202, leaving the average monthly payment around $114, according to a federal report. About 168,000 of the 217,000 Illinois residents who signed up for Obamacare during its first open enrollment period a year ago qualified for the subsidies.
Rep. Patti Bellock, a Hinsdale Republican, said she doubts the proposal will have enough support to reach the House floor. She said she opposes the proposal because of the cost of maintaining an exchange.
"In the situation we're in right now, with the budget being so bad, we thought, 'Why are we going to take on any more expense?'" Bellock said.
If the Supreme Court decides against the subsidies, it would be up to the federal government to find a solution for all the states affected, she said.
"I think this isn't just an Illinois problem," Bellock said. "I would think that this would be a federal problem."
Bellock's concerns were echoed by the Illinois Policy Institute, a free-market group that has been critical of the federal health law. "This is really a cost that Illinois just can't afford to take on, especially given our current budget situation," said Naomi Lopez Bauman, director of health policy for the institute.
Gabel's proposal would tax insurers to fund the exchange.
The 2011 report suggested a range of options to pay the annual costs, from taxing consumers to taxing insurers to drawing on general state funds. Lopez Bauman raised a concern that if the state were to tax insurers, the costs would be passed on to consumers in the form of higher premiums.
"Either way you look at it, taxpayers will be footing the bill for this into perpetuity," she said.
Phillips, of the Campaign for Better Health Care, who spent last year helping consumers navigate the exchanges and select plans, said a state-run exchange would give Illinois more power to implement "pro-consumer regulations." Options could include limiting rates and the number of plans on an exchange, Phillips said. In 2015, for example, Illinois is offering 410 plans, up from 165 last year.
"You could say there has to be a meaningful difference between plans," she said. "When consumers have hundreds of plans, that's overwhelming."
Basic things like design, too, could be better, Phillips said. The state would also have access to enrollment data in real time, instead of waiting on the federal government to release figures.
"Why deny consumers in Illinois the help that they need?" Phillips said. "Why deny them the kind of website they really need to make informed, sound decisions? This is one of the most important decisions they will make."

Delhi Confidential: An invite toolatePrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:48 am
As the BJP government launched the year-long celebration of Jawaharlal Nehru’s 125th birth anniversary Friday, the absence of one person at the official launch function was noticed. Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was not there. He was not invited. The national committee for overseeing the commemoration of the birth anniversary was set up when Singh was the Prime Minister. And he was its first chairman. So is it a tit for tat move by the BJP government. The Congress’s decision to not invite Prime Minister Narendra Modi to an international conference it is organising to mark the anniversary had triggered a controversy with the BJP slamming the Congress. Although the government did not invite Singh, he did get an invite at the last minute from the director of the Nehru Memorial Museum and Library where the function was held. The NMML director rang up Singh’s office late Thursday evening, perhaps to remind his office of the event. When he got to know Singh has not been invited, he sent across an invite but by then the former PM’s schedule for Friday had been finalised.
Vying for Vatican
The composition of the official Indian delegation to the Vatican seems to have upset MPs from the Catholic community. The government has chosen a three-member delegation led by deputy chairman of the Rajya Sabha, P J Kurien, to attend the canonisation ceremony of Kuriakose Elias Chavara and Euphrasia Eluvathingal in Vatican on November 23. The other members of the delegation are BJP MP Neiphiu Rio and TDP leader P Ravindra Babu. It is learnt that MPs from Kerala are miffed because they feel the delegation does not represent Catholics. Although Kurien is from Kerala, he does not belong to a community that has allegiance to the Pope. Incidentally, MPs from areas where the two saint-designates come from were not included in the delegation despite being Catholics.
Raising the stakes
The Uttarakhand Congress unit’s refusal to nominate Ghulam Nabi Azad to the Rajya Sabha seems to have pleased a section of party leaders in Delhi. Azad, whose Rajya Sabha term comes to an end in February, was desperate to get re-elected from Uttarakhand in the recently concluded election. But the state leadership refused to give away the single seat to an ‘outsider’. Now, for Azad to be in Parliament and retain his Leader of Opposition post in the Upper House, he has to ensure that the Congress gets adequate number of seats in the Jammu and Kashmir elections so that he can be elected from the state. Party leaders hope Azad and his loyalists will now work extra hard because of the personal stakes involved. Moreover, with relations between the Congress and the National Conference already strained, the possibility of NC supporting Azad’s Rajya Sabha bid, like it had done almost two decades ago, seems bleak.
Taken by surprise
The Archaeological Survey of India had a surprise visitor Monday. A meeting of tourism secretaries of state governments was on when Mahesh Sharma, Minister of State for Tourism, walked in. Sharma, continued…

Superseries Finals boost forSrikanthPrint
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:47 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:54 am
K Srikanth significantly enhanced his chances of making his maiden year-ending World Superseries Finals on Friday after reaching the semifinals at the Thaihot China Open beating Japanese Kento Momota 21-17, 23-21.
The 21-year-old Indian, No.16 in the world, is currently on the ninth spot in the Super Series rankings tally for the Dubai season-finale and with 34,100 points from this year’s appearances needs to stave off the chasing pack comprising Takuma Ueda, Hu Yun and Wang Zhengming to make the Top-8, who will head to the UAE in December.
Making his first-ever Super Series semifinals after the 44-minute win over the Japanese, Srikanth has set up a clash with German Marc Zwiebler for a place in the final.
With the last of the 12 Superseries events at Hong Kong left in the season, Srikanth has done well to hang onto his 9th spot after the start of a season when he faced injury.
It will help his chances should he maximise his points at Fuzhou city’s futuristic stadium. The men’s singles boasts of a very open field and plenty of contenders, who could catch up at Hong Kong, where again Srikanth would need to at least clear the first two rounds.
However, it will be a combination of how the Indian performs and how others measure up in finalising the final 8 for the season-ender.
While P Kashyap could not capitalise on his opening set lead, going down to the German Zwiebler 21-18, 18-21, 13-21, Saina Nehwal gritted out against China’s newbie Suo Di eventually winning 21-13, 17-21, 21-5 in just under an hour to make the semis where she meets the talented Liu Xin. Japanese wonderkid Akane Yamaguchi also made it to the last four.

Author held for forged SIM card  contact with terrorsuspectPrint
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:46 am
The Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS), in a joint operation with the Aurangabad police, arrested Marathi litterateur Dr Iqbal Minne for using a SIM card allegedly obtained through fake documents. The ATS suspects him to have been in contact with a terror suspect using this SIM. Minne was produced before a magistrate and sent to police custody for five days.
A farmer had complained that a SIM card issued in his name under a special government scheme was in use and the police zeroed in on Dr Minne, a radiologist who has earned fame for writing in Marathi and specialises in writing ghazals in Marathi. Police said Dr Minne told them it was given by an official of the telephone company. The ATS suspects a terror suspect was in touch with Dr Minne through the said SIM card, police said.
“We questioned and handed over the accused to Kranti Chowk police station,” said ATS chief Himanshu Roy.
“We arrested Dr Minne after his bail application was rejected by the local court on November 12. The SIM card used by him was taken under a special scheme for farmers. A complaint by a farmer Sakha Hari Bhau Saheb in Mundwadi area of Kranti Chowk said a card was being used in his name. The arrested accused was using the same SIM card under forged documents,” said Manohar Awahad, police inspector from Kranti Chowk police station.
“When enquired about it Dr Minne said the SIM card was given by the telephone company. The ATS intercepted calls and it was revealed the accused was in touch with a terror suspect who had fled from custody,” said Awahad.
The ATS suspects that an accused in the Aurangabad arms haul case Abdul Naeem Shaikh alias Karim alias Sameer alias Nayyu, arrested by the ATS in 2007, was allegedly in touch with Dr Minne through the said SIM card. Naeem was arrested in 2006 by the Kolkata police for his alleged role in recruiting SIMI cadres. After ATS took him in remand in the arms haul case, he jumped off a moving train in Chhattisgarh and escaped.

Bring bill to amend AFSPA:PCChidambaram said that as Home Minister in 2010, he “initiated the process of repealing, or at least amending AFSPA”, but found stiff resistance from the Armed forces and the Defence Ministry.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:43 am
A day after a court martial recommended life sentences for five Army men in the Machil fake encounter case, senior Congress leader P Chidambaram Thursday asked the BJP government to bring a Bill to amend the contentious Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act in the Winter session of Parliament. He said the AFSPA was an “obnoxious law” which allows the men in uniform to “act with impunity”.
Chidambaram said that as Home Minister in 2010, he “initiated the process of repealing, or at least amending AFSPA”, but found stiff resistance from the Armed forces and the Defence Ministry. “It remains an unfinished business,” he said. He welcomed the decision of the court martial recommending life sentence to the Army personnel found guilty of killing three Kashmiris in Machil in 2010.
Chidambaram, while he was a minister in the UPA II government, had been of the view that AFSPA should be made a more “humanitarian” law. He had often rued the fact that there was no consensus on the issue and the Home Ministry, Defence Ministry and Armed forces were not on the same page.
Speaking of Machil incident, he said, “I am afraid it will not be the last case of an alleged encounter involving personnel of the Army or the Central Armed Police Forces unless we address the underlying cause.”
“Just a few days ago, there was the horrific incident in Budgam. Just yesterday, the inquiry report on the torture and murder of a young girl, Thangjam Manorama, in Manipur in 2004 was made public. Other cases such as Pathribal (2000), Ganderbal (2006), Kupwara (2005, 2006) and Bomai (2009) have gone without investigation or punishment,” he noted.
“The underlying cause is the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958 and a similar law in force in Jammu & Kashmir. AFSPA is an obnoxious law that has no place in a modern, civilised country. It purports to incorporate the principle of immunity against prosecution without previous sanction. In reality, it allows the Armed Forces and the CAPFs to act with impunity,” he said.
Recounting the initiative the Home Ministry had taken in 2010, he said “amendments were proposed to Section 4(a) which allows the use of force ‘even to the causing of death’. Amendments were also proposed to the sections that permitted search or arrest without warrant in all circumstances. The draft amendments were stoutly resisted by the Armed Forces and the Ministry of Defence”.
Arguing that there was a need to amend criminal and security laws and bring them in conformity with globally accepted standards of human rights, he said “we must make a beginning with AFSPA” and asked the government, “especially the Home Minister and the Defence Minister to bring a Bill to amend AFSPA in the Winter session of continued…

BJP candidates in Valley reject party line on Article370Print
Written by Bashaarat Masood | Srinagar | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:32 am
Days after Union minister Jitendra Singh said abrogating Article 370 would remain a part of the BJP’s agenda, the party’s candidates in Jammu and Kashmir have warned that it might provoke the people to “pick up guns”.
The candidates said they would fight any attempt to abrogate the constitutional provision that gives special status to Jammu and Kashmir. The first phase of polling for 15 seats is scheduled for November 25, and the BJP is likely to release its manifesto in about a week.
“People will pick up guns if Article 370 is abrogated,” Dr Hina Bhat, candidate from Amirakadal and the prominent woman face of the BJP in the state, told The Indian Express. “Kashmiris are on the verge of picking up guns again, and if it (Article 370) is abrogated, it will happen,” she said.
Jitendra Singh, MoS in the PMO, had said in Jammu on Tuesday that Article 370 is a “part of” the BJP’s agenda. “All issues which have been part of the BJP manifesto all these years will be part of the agenda. They will continue to be so,” Singh said when asked if the BJP had dumped the issue of Article 370 for the elections. “The ideological issue (Article 370), to which you are pointing to, BJP’s stand is very clear on it and it is known to you.”
Earlier, immediately after assuming charge as minister in May, Singh had said that the process of doing away with Article 370 had begun, and the matter was being discussed with several stakeholders, provoking an angry response from CM Omar Abdullah.
The BJP candidate from Kangan, Nazir Raina, said the Article 370 was the link that bound Kashmir and India.
“Those who are talking about it perhaps haven’t read it carefully. If they read it properly, they will know if this article is abrogated there will be no connection between Kashmir and India,” Raina said. “Article 370 connects Kashmir to India. No power in the world can abrogate it. If any attempt is made to abrogate it, I’ll be the first to oppose it”.
The BJP candidate for Homeshalibugh in south Kashmir, Ghulam Nabi Dar, said that as a Kashmiri, he would “not allow anyone to play” with Article 370. “If this happens, we will seek answers from the party,” Dar said.
The party’s Pandit candidate from Khanyar, Ashok Bhat, said that Article 370 should, in fact, be strengthened. “In my opinion, it should be made stronger,” he said. “In the past, repeated attempts have been made to erode it.”
State BJP vice-president and part of the old guard in the Valley, Sofi Yousuf, said that Singh’s assertion on Article 370 was his personal opinion. “There is no question of abrogation of Article 370. I am confident it will not be part of the party manifesto,” Yousuf, Pahalgam nominee, said.
“If somebody has talked about it that might be his personal opinion. Narendra Modiji has said that there will be a discussion on it (Article 370)… We will call even the separatists to discuss it,” he continued…

Ukraine  Russia main issues as leaders gather forG20Russian President Vladimir Putin is welcomed by Governor of Queensland Paul de Jersey in Brisbane Friday. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Brisbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:25 am
A showdown between Western leaders and Russian President Vladimir Putin is likely at the G20 summit in Australia starting Saturday, following fresh reports of Russian troops pouring into eastern Ukraine.
Ukraine has accused Russia of sending soldiers and weapons to help separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine launch a new offensive in a conflict that has killed more than 4,000 people.
British Prime Minister David Cameron blasted Russia’s actions as unacceptable on Friday, warning that they could draw greater sanctions from the US and the European Union.
“If Russia takes a positive approach towards Ukraine’s freedom and responsibility, we could see those sanctions removed, if Russia continues to make matters worse then we could see those sanctions increased, it’s as simple as that,” Cameron told reporters in Canberra.
Russia denies sending troops and tanks into Ukraine.
But increasing violence, truce violations and reports of unmarked armed convoys travelling from the direction of the Russian border have aroused fears that a shaky Sept. 5 truce could collapse.
In an interview with Russian state news agency TASS, Putin said the sanctions harmed Russia, but also the global economy. He said he would not bring up the issue at G20 as “it’ll make no sense”.
He was not asked about Ukraine in the interview.
The G20 leaders summit in Brisbane is focused on boosting world growth, fireproofing the global banking system and closing tax loopholes for giant multinationals.
But with much of the economic agenda agreed and a climate change deal signed last week in Beijing between the United States and China, security concerns are moving to centrestage.
Ukraine has not been a top focus during a pair of summits in Asia this week, US Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes said, although President Barack Obama did raise it briefly with Putin when both attended APEC forum in China.
Obama arrives in Brisbane on Saturday and will be discussing his frustration over Ukraine with a key bloc including German Chancellor Angela Merkel, French President Francois Hollande and Cameron.

Quashing reservation in jobs will affect development of MuslimcommunityPrint
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:24 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 2:43 am
Retired IAS officer Dr Mahmood-Ur-Rahman’s findings on the socio-economic condition of Muslims in Maharashtra was the basis for the state government to announce 5% reservation for Muslims in jobs and educational institutions. Rahman, who worked on the report for over 5 years, says the HC stay on quota in jobs will affect development of the community. Excerpts from an interview to The Indian Express:
How do you react to the Bombay High Court interim order on reservation for the community?
It is a setback for the community. Muslims were enthusiastic after the reservations were announced. If the decision was upheld by the court it would have given more hope to the community and helped it tide over the deprivation it faces. Despair is for cowards, but in my opinion this decision has thrown a spanner in the wheel of development for the community.
The court has allowed reservations in government educational institutions. According to you what was more important for the community, reservation in education or reservation in jobs?
I would place reservation in jobs on a higher pedestal than in educational institutions. Education and jobs are equally important but for a deprived section like Muslims it would have been far more beneficial if reservation in jobs was upheld. A job has the power to alleviate an individual’s frustration and suffering. You can try again in the next academic year for admission to an educational institute, you cannot do the same with jobs. When a community constitutes over 10 per cent of the population and its representation in government service is only 4.4 per cent, some measures need to be taken to address this disparity.
Where do you think the government went wrong in presenting the issue to the court?
It is difficult to say but some had called the reservation an election stunt. It is a possibility that the entire decision was not fortified the way it should have been and a watertight argument was not presented before court. The data in our report about the situation of Muslims was overwhelming in nature. I hope that the state does approach a higher court to challenge this judgment.
Could you elaborate on why reservations are needed by the Muslim community?
Nearly 60 per cent Muslims in Maharashtra are below poverty line. They make up 10.6 per cent of the state’s population while their share in government jobs is only 4.4 per cent. There are no Muslim IAS officers in the state. The total number of graduates in the community stands at only 2.2 per cent. Our report pointed out to this stark reality. The reservation is necessary for a large section of the community.

3 months to ensure subsidyUpdated: November 15, 2014 02:48 IST
3 months to ensure subsidy
M. P. Praveen
energy (general)
Modified DBT scheme begins today
With the modified Direct Benefit Transfer of LPG (DBT) set to be launched from Saturday, consumers in the State are left with three months to get enrolled in the scheme to ensure uninterrupted supply of subsidised cooking gas cylinders.
Though a three-month parking period will also be provided thereafter, the consumers will have to pay the market price of cylinders during that period and their dues towards subsidy will be credited to their bank accounts only after they turn DBT compliant.
Significantly, those who had already turned cash transfer compliant (CTC) by seeding their Aadhaar number with both the bank and the LPG distributor and had received the subsidy through their bank accounts before need not do anything more.
Unlike the previous DBT scheme where LPG subsidy was restricted to the Aadhaar-driven CTC, in the modified version anyone with a bank account is ensured subsidy for 12 cylinders a year.
They can become bank transfer complaint (BTC) by giving their bank account number to the LPG distributor or the 17-digit LPG ID to the bank. Consumers can get the LPG ID from the cash memo, through SMS sent by oil marketing Companies or by logging in to myLPG.in
Oil market companies, however, treat the CTC mode as the primary option. In either case, seeding of mobile phone numbers is mandatory under the modified scheme.
Addressing a press conference here on Friday, Murali Srinivasan, General Manager, Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), and State-level coordinator for oil industry in Kerala, said that all arrangements had been made for the smooth rollout of the DBT.
Advance enhanced
The permanent advance to DBT-complaint consumers stands enhanced from the previous Rs.435 to Rs.568 to fund their maiden delivery of cylinders under the scheme. Thereafter, the subsidy for each cylinder would be credited to consumers’ bank accounts within 72 hours of delivery, said T. Sathish Kumar, deputy general manager of IOC’s LPG wing.

Intercept CEO: NASH epidemic of liver disease
Earth has warmest October on record as ocean temperatures top chartsBy Jason Samenow November 14 Follow @capitalweather
(Japan Meteorological Agency)
Multiple datasets have confirmed it was the warmest October on record for the globe, keeping the planet on a course towards its toastiest year.
The Japan Meteorological Agency, NASA, and the University of Alabama’s temperature records all showed October temperatures at the top of charts.
The Japan dataset reveals the October temperature was 0.61 F above the 1981-2010 average, well (0.18F) above the next warmest year, 2003 (in records dating back to 1891).
NASA’s temperature record  indicates this October tied with October 2005 as the warmest (in records dating back to 1880), 1.37 F above the 1951-1980 average (its base period).
The University of Alabama (which dates back to 1979) showed October 2014 tied October 2012 as warmest in its record, 0.67 F above the 30-year average for October.
Temperature differences from normal in October (NASA)
The Japan and NASA temperature records rely on mostly surface-based observations of temperature on the land and ocean surface.  The University of Alabama at Huntsville, which measures the Earth’s temperature from space using satellites, provides some independent validation of the NASA and Japan findings.
NOAA will release its report on October global temperatures next week, and will surely rank the past month at or near the top of the list.
Last month, NOAA published a chart (below) indicating the global temperature for the remaining three months of the year need only average among the top 10 warmest for 2014 to be the warmest year on record.  Considering the October results in so far, a record warm year almost seems inevitable unless temperatures radically tank in November and December.
Scenarios for globe to have its warmest years on record (NOAA)
The global warmth in recent months has been spurred by record warm global oceans.
The University of Hawaii at Manao announced Thursday the global oceans were warmest on record for the summer. “[Ocean] temperatures even exceed those of the record-breaking 1998 El Nino year,” said Axel Timmermann, a climate scientist. “The 2014 global ocean warming is mostly due to the North Pacific, which has warmed far beyond any recorded value and has shifted hurricane tracks, weakened trade winds, and produced coral bleaching in the Hawaiian Islands.”
Time series of global ocean temperatures (Axel Timmermann)
Should 2014 set a new global temperature record, it might signal the end of the so-called hiatus in which the rate of temperature rise has slowed, likely due to a cool phase in Pacific ocean temperatures which is (at least temporarily) reversing.

Pat Woertz retiring; ADM names new CEO0
Woertz will remain chairman until 2016, when she is expected to retire. Before joining ADM, she was in charge of global refining, marketing, lubricant, and supply and trading operations at Chevron. Last year, 14.5 percent of executive positions at Chicago's 50 largest publicly traded companies were filled by women, according to The Chicago Network's 2013 census report.
Luciano, an industrial engineer, will assume the CEO position in January. He joined the company in 2011 as chief operating officer, his current role. He previously was president of the performance division at Dow Chemical.
"Under Pat's leadership, we have made exceptional progress creating a high-performance, results-focused company," Luciano said in a statement. "My commitment is to build on that success by accelerating our pace of progress."
Don Felsinger, ADM's lead independent director, said Luciano's focus on delivering improvements in cost, cash and capital has resonated with investors.
In August, ADM moved its global headquarters to downtown Chicago. Last year, ADM was unsuccessful in convincing state lawmakers to approve a deal that would have allowed it to collect $30 million its employees would have paid in state taxes over 20 years in exchange for keeping its global headquarters in Illinois.
The location of a proposed technology center is still up in the air. The company expects to make a decision by the end of the year.

Ask Kim: How much will I pay in the doughnut hole in 20150
Coverage in the so-called doughnut hole is shrinking again. That is, the gap in the middle of Medicare Part D coverage that requires you to pay most of the cost of your drugs until you reach the catastrophic-coverage level -- at which point your plan picks up 95 percent of the costs -- is narrowing still further. For 2015, after you pay a $320 deductible, your Part D plan provides coverage until your drug expenses for the year reach $2,960 (that's up a little from $2,850 in 2014 and includes both your share and the insurer's share of the costs).
Once you're in the doughnut hole, you'll get a 55-percent discount on brand-name drugs and a 35-percent federal subsidy for generic drugs (up slightly from a 52.5-percent brand-name discount and a 28-percent generic subsidy in 2014). Your pharmacy will apply the discount automatically when you purchase the medications. After your out-of-pocket costs reach $4,700 (up from $4,550 in 2014), your plan will pay 95 percent of your covered drug costs.
Even though the brand-name-drug discount lowers your costs in the doughnut hole, 95 percent of the cost of the drug (the 45 percent you pay and the 50-percent discount the drug company pays) counts toward your out-of-pocket costs. But for generics, the amount covered by the government subsidy doesn't count toward your out-of-pocket costs; only the 65 percent you pay counts.
The coverage gap started to shrink in 2011 under the Affordable Care Act. Before then, you had to pay the entire cost of your drugs in the doughnut hole. The doughnut hole will continue to shrink until 2020, when the discount for brand-name drugs and the government subsidy for generic drugs rise to 75 percent, leaving you to pay just 25 percent of drug costs. See the Medicare Rights Center's fact sheet for details about how much the gap shrinks each year (www.medicarerights.org/pdf/Closing-the-Doughnut-Hole-Chart.pdf ).
When comparing plans using the Medicare.gov Plan Finder, you can see an estimate of your out-of-pocket costs by month, based on the plans' coverage for your specific medications, and which month you're likely to reach the doughnut hole.
(Kimberly Lankford is a contributing editor to Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Oil duty hike to shore up govt revenue by Rs 11K cr: India Ratingscrude prices
(The excise duty hike on petrol…)
MUMBAI: The excise duty hike on petrol and diesel by Rs 1.50 per litre will generate Rs 11,000 crore in additional revenue for the government this fiscal, India Ratings said today.
The decision to deregulate the diesel prices is expected to bring the oil subsidy down Rs 15,000 crore, the agency said, adding the ongoing correction in global crude prices will also result in sizable gains for the government.
Considering a tepid growth in indirect tax collections so far, coupled with the utilisation of over 80 per cent of the budgeted deficit in the first six months of FY15, this additional revenue will be a very helpful factor, it added.
"The government had budgeted a 20 per cent growth in indirect tax collections in FY15," it said.
The price of the Indian crude basket has fallen to USD 78.92 per barrel as on November 12 as against USD 84.77 per barrel on October 30, it said.
The government yesterday hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel prices by Rs 1.50 a litre each, saying it will mop up Rs 13,000 crore in additional revenue.
The fall in international oil prices had resulted in six consecutive reduction in petrol prices since August and two in diesel in the last one month.
Excise duty on normal or unbranded petrol was hiked from Rs 1.20 per litre to Rs 2.70 per litre and on unbranded diesel from Rs 1.46 a litre to Rs 2.96, the government said.
The same on branded petrol was raised from Rs 2.35 a litre to Rs 3.85 and on branded diesel from Rs 3.75 per litre to Rs 5.25.
While the excise duty hike will result in an immediate increase in both petrol and diesel prices, the expected reduction would keep the retail rates at almost the same levels.
There is also a possibility of state-owned oil firms advancing the planned review of fuel prices due on Saturday to make the whole exercise price-neutral for consumers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NDA does a UPA: LPG sop will go directly to accounts; pilot project starts todayYou are here: Home > Collections
New subsidy regime in New Year: LPG sop will go directly to accounts; pilot project starts today
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 06.33AM IST
(Oil Minister has now ordered…)
NEW DELHI: All consumers will have to buy cooking gas at market rates from New Year's Day as the government has issued firm instructions that the subsidy will be transferred directly to bank accounts as it seeks to end illicit supplies to restaurants, cars and factories, besides slashing the subsidy bill and boosting private investment.
After recently eliminating the diesel subsidy, which had ballooned to Rs 62,837 crore, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has now ordered state oil companies to ensure that the scheme — which is being launched as a pilot on Saturday for 2.33 crore customers in 54 districts — is smoothly expanded to the entire country on January 1, 2015.
Some oil industry executives had expressed doubts about the successful rollout of the scheme to the entire country in barely six weeks of the launch in 54 districts after the UPA government botched up the programme after expanding it to 291 districts just before the general election. It had been forced to withdraw the programme after Congress leaders said it was costing them votes.
The oil ministry is, however, confident about success this time around. "The old DBTL (direct benefit transfer of LPG) scheme failed because Aadhaar number was made mandatory to avail subsidy. We have modified the scheme so that the consumer will not face any difficulty in getting subsidised cylinders," Pradhan told ET.
Under the modified DBTL, a consumer will be eligible for subsidised LPG cylinders even without the Aadhaar number, Pradhan said.
Embracing DBT Principle
Consumers without the unique ID will also receive cash directly in their bank accounts. They can switch to Aadhaar-based cash transfers once they have been enrolled by informing dealers and banks.
Customers have six months to tell LPG dealers their bank account numbers without losing the subsidy amount. While subsidised cylinders will be delivered to them in the first three months, they will have to buy at market rates after that. The subsidy will be remitted to their bank accounts within the next three months, officials said.
For the first subsidy payment, the money will be transferred to the bank account of consumers as soon as they make the first booking for a cylinder after joining the scheme, prior to delivery. This advance ensures that consumers have extra cash to pay for the first cylinder at market price. The permanent advance shall be notified for consumers now joining the scheme separately.
The move reflects the embrace of the direct benefits transfer principle introduced, albeit with limited success, by the UPA government. Aadhaar has meanwhile covered more than half the country's population.
"The UIDAI (Unique Identification Authority of India) has, till date, issued over 70.7 crore Aadhaar numbers," the government said in a release on Friday. "Nine states/UTs including Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Delhi and Himachal Pradesh have crossed 90% Aadhaar coverage, while a further seven states/UTs have Aadhaar coverage of between 70% and 90%."
In the 54 districts in which the pilot is being launched, 95% of consumers already have Aadhaar numbers. The new scheme ensures that consumers receive SMS alerts on their registered mobile numbers at every stage of enrollment in the scheme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google gears up for Great Online Shopping Festival; ropes in 300 retailers & cosexecutive
(GOSF, to be held from December…)
NEW DELHI: Google has roped in 300 offline and online retailers and consumer companies for its Great Online Shopping Festival that is expected to reach 100 million consumers this year, riding on the frenzy of online shopping in recent weeks.
The Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF), to be held from December 10-12, is expected to see participation of various consumer durable, FMCG and e-commerce firms in India.
The organisers will also run a twoweek run-up campaign by reserving each day for a single company to partner in a day-long offers and contests for consumers, said top executives of some ecommerce companies participating in the event.
Google and various e-commerce partners plan heavy-duty online advertising while consumer brands will do offline campaigns such as hoarding and other outdoor activities, said a senior executive of an e-commerce company.
"On that days they are trying to get more exclusive launches. They are talking to companies like Samsung , Philips and Motorola to launch products during these days," the person said.
Nitin Bawankule , director for ecommerce at Google India , declined to comment.
In a season of mega online sales, Google's third edition of GOSF is expected to create a bigger hype than the last two years as it plans to line up products ranging from FMCG, consumer durables and fashion lifestyle segments to arts and collectibles, travel packages and even two-wheelers, according to sources quoted earlier.
This year, the organisers will also introduce digital walls in various cities where consumers can order through their smartphones by scanning the QR codes of the products, they said.
A top executive of an e-commerce firm said GOSF will also introduce a special segment called "Rs299 corner" where branded products priced between Rs600-1500 will be sold at Rs299. The products will be delivered free of charge and there will be cash-on-delivery option to woo first-time online consumers.
The person also said that in the 14 days between November 27 and December 9, a lucky winner everyday will get to shop for free among a host of select items.
Google started GOSF in 2012. Last year it got almost 16 million hits on all partner sites despite technical glitches in the first day, and almost 40% of the traffic came from Tier 2 and 3 cities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

An appeal to Fox News: Investigate Grubers remarksBy Erik Wemple November 14 Follow @ErikWemple
Jonathan Gruber’s insightful comments on the passage of Obamacare have lit up Washington for an entire workweek . An MIT economics professor and a key Obamacare adviser, Gruber had told an audience that the health-care law had benefited from a “lack of transparency,” from the “stupidity of the American voter” and from the “tortured” (read: misleading) way in which it was written.
The showdown between Fox News White House bulldog Ed Henry and some White House spokesman was just a matter of time.
That time came yesterday at a briefing at the Thingaha Hotel in Naypyidaw, Burma, where the president was practicing diplomacy. When Henry got his shot at White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest, he went directly to the point: Gruber cited a lack of transparency, but this administration promised stupendous transparency. “Why would one of the architects of the law suggest that you were misleading people?” asked Henry. (The exchange starts at 48:41.)
Not capable of speaking for Gruber, Earnest addressed the issue: “The fact of the matter is the process associated with writing and passing and implementing the Affordable Care Act has been extraordinarily transparent. We all sat through many town hall meetings and discussions where this piece of legislation was vigorously debated by people on both sides. There was even a meeting that the president convened at Blair House with Republicans to discuss this policy proposal. It was, as you know, broadcast by C-SPAN.”
Back and forth they went, Henry pushing Gruber’s allegations, Earnest denying them. At one point, Henry asked: “To suggest that voters are stupid and that’s how you passed it, you don’t feel bad about that at all?”
Earnest disputed that assessment and prattled on about the benefits of the Affordable Care Act and argued that the Republicans are the ones who fail the transparency test. “It is Republicans who have been less than forthright and transparent about what their proposed changes to the Affordable Care Act would do in terms of the choices that are available to middle-class families,” argued Earnest. “I know there is at least one very prominent Republican who campaigned for reelection saying that he would repeal the Affordable Care Act, but yet keep in place the Affordable Care Act marketplace that has operated very successfully in his state.”
When such astounding comments from the mouth of an Obamacare architect, the White House must be pressed for its version of events. So Henry is doing righteous work here, and surely he knows that his network will welcome the interrogation. After all, Fox News has devoted 57 segments to the Gruber thing, according to an analysis done by Media Matters for America .
Just how transparent and straightforward was the making of Obamacare? Well, Gruber offers one take on the events. Brian Beutler of the New Republic has another , arguing that it was “one of the most transparent in recent memory.” Earnest has his own take.
So here’s a suggestion. Fox News has revenues approaching $2 billion and a newsgathering investment of nearly $900 million per year — why not plow some of those funds into an investigation into the transparency of the passage of the Affordable Care Act? If what Gruber says is on target, after all, then there must be a heck of a lot more scandal to uncover. Don’t rely on one source for this story, Fox News.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

More Americans are getting remarried. But fewer young Americans are getting married in the first place.By Mark Berman November 14 Follow @markberman
A wedding in St. Louis this month. (Whitney Curtis/Reuters)
A new study on marriage in the United States has found an incredible surge in the number of Americans who have been married more than once. Yet in the latest example of how marriage has become a thing you do later in life, if at all, this trend does not extend to younger Americans, who are much less likely to have had a second marriage.
This information comes from a new Pew Research Center report on remarriage, which found that nearly a quarter of all married adults in the country have been married before (23 percent), significantly more than the 13 percent of adults in 1960. The overall share of adults who have been married at least once has dropped significantly over the same window, falling to 70 percent last year from 85 percent in 1960.
As my colleague Fredrick Kunkle points out , this drop in marriage rates has been accompanied by an increase in divorce and people living longer, which is why multiple marriages are becoming more common. In other words, the baby boomers are getting divorced more and more  and then living long enough to give marriage a second or third try.
But this does not extend to people of all ages. We have heard before how Americans are getting married later and later in life, something highlighted by  a different Pew study in September. That report said one in five Americans at least age 25 or older had not been married, which was more than double the same number reported in 1960.
Since marriage is becoming less common among younger Americans, it only makes sense that second marriages become less common during these years. The newest Pew report has borne that out, finding that for Americans between the ages of 25 and 34 who had been married before, just 43 percent of them had remarried last year. This is a pretty sizable drop from the 75 percent number recorded in the same age range back in 1960.
So what does this mean? For one thing, it means that the dramatic gulf between how younger and older Americans feel about marriage is playing out with an accompanying experiential gap. The Pew report last year found that young adults (ages 18 to 19) were much more likely than older Americans to say society would be fine if people prioritized things other than marriage or children. Still, half of people who were not married said they would like to get married eventually, so there was still a slim majority who were not opposed to the idea (and about a third of people just weren’t sure one way or the other).
It also speaks to the larger shift in the way marriage is viewed in this country. Younger Americans are less likely to get married in general and less likely to get married as early in life. They are also aging into a different economic reality and a changed demographic landscape as well, one which will look markedly different by the time they reach the same age as their grandparents were when considering a second or third marriage.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Russia turmoil begins to bruise Illinois businessesRussia turmoil begins to bruise Illinois businesses
Russia turmoil begins to bruise Illinois businesses
Andrey Rudakov, Bloomberg
A man looks through the window of a shuttered McDonald's restaurant Aug. 21 in Moscow's Pushkin Square. The flagship store, which opened in Russia before the breakup of the Soviet Union, is among nine that remain closed by Russian courts.
A man looks through the window of a shuttered McDonald's restaurant Aug. 21 in Moscow's Pushkin Square. The flagship store, which opened in Russia before the breakup of the Soviet Union, is among nine that remain closed by Russian courts. (Andrey Rudakov, Bloomberg)
By Kathy Bergen and Jessica Wohl, Chicago Tribune
Once promising, Russia market looks bleaker to Illinois companies.
Russia-Ukraine clash casts cloud over Illinois firms.
For Illinois firms, Russia no longer golden.
Not so long ago, Illinois companies were gazing fondly at Russia as a vast market for everything from Big Macs to bulldozers.
Russia "has a population of 142 million with a rapidly growing middle class ... clearly there is tremendous opportunity," Caterpillar CEO Doug Oberhelman told Congress in June 2012, arguing for normalizing trade. President Barack Obama signed trade normalization legislation later that year.
The same year, Mayor Rahm Emanuel sent a World Business Chicago delegation on a trade mission to the former Soviet republic, synchronizing the visit with a Chicago Symphony Orchestra tour. And former Mayor Richard Daley appointed one of his top lieutenants to head Tur Partners, the Russia- and China-focused investment and advisory firm he founded after leaving office in 2011.
Caption Illinois exports to Russia
See more galleries
The days of great promise, however, have ground to a halt. The Russian economy — battered by U.S. and European Union economic sanctions over Russia's intervention in Ukraine, falling oil prices, the decline of the ruble and the flight of investment capital — teeters near recession. The International Monetary Fund last month cut Russia's 2015 growth forecast in half, to 0.5 percent.
As tensions with Ukraine move into their ninth month and the White House hints that more sanctions may be in the offing, the conflict stands as a reminder of the risks involved in pursuing growth in emerging economies — a cautionary tale in a world where trade knows fewer and fewer boundaries and where regional prosperity depends on global reach.
8
Caught in uncomfortable positions are a wide array of Illinois firms with a presence in Russia. They include multinationals such as McDonald's, Caterpillar, John Deere, Boeing and Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL), as well as smaller firms, such as Internet marketer BayRu. Some companies are starting to experience dents in earnings while others expect pain next year. Some are crafting contingency plans to avoid disruptions in the flow of critical supplies, and others are carefully calibrating the pace of expansion plans.
"Russia was always a future growth market ... but for now, it remains a manana market," said Lawrence De Maria, co-head of the global industrial infrastructure group at William Blair & Co., referring to the market's stalled growth.
A relatively minor trade partner for the Chicago area, Russia still matters greatly because of its potential. Boeing, for instance, estimates Russia will need 1,330 new airplanes, valued at $150 billion, over the next 20 years. Caterpillar estimates the nation needs to replace 70 percent of its agricultural machinery.
The sanctions, which target Russia's financial services, energy and defense sectors, have forced some oil industry giants such as Texas-based ExxonMobil to step away from massive joint ventures with Russian partners. Locally, the sanctions' effects appear to be less direct but increasingly noticeable.
Oak Brook-based McDonald's, a pioneer in the Russian market, finds itself in the crossfire in a high-profile way.
The fast-food giant opened its first burger-and-fries shop in Moscow's Pushkin Square in 1990, a time when leader Mikhail Gorbachev was advocating glasnost, or a democratization of the political system. Now that flagship store is among nine that remain closed by Russian courts amid consumer safety inspections at more than 200 of the company's 432 stores there — moves widely seen as retaliation for the U.S. economic sanctions.
"It's a shot," said Phil Levy, senior fellow at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs. "The Russians are saying to the U.S.: 'You have a lot invested here. You mess with us. We can mess with you.'"
Russia wants to close half of McDonald's and introduce a new additional tax on Apple products
Jay Adams
2
Russia represents a big chunk of business for the golden arches — about $2.2 billion in sales, according to Euromonitor. As McDonald's outlets in Russia are company-owned, these sales count fully as McDonald's revenue. Worldwide, the company took in $28 billion in revenue last year.
The store closings in Russia as well as some earlier voluntary closings in Crimea, the Ukrainian region annexed by Russia earlier this year, shaved a penny off the company's third-quarter earnings per share, which ended up at $1.09. While not nearly as much as the 15 cents per share lost because of food safety concerns with a supplier in China, some observers say the potential for further damage in Russia is significant.
If the U.S. and European sanctions continue for a prolonged period, it would make it very difficult for the company to continue operating in Russia, said Gary Hufbauer, senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
"People can get fast food other places, and McDonald's is a clear U.S. brand — it's kind of symbolic," he said.
McDonald's said it would be inappropriate to comment on speculative remarks.
The sanctions severely restrict the ability of Russian banks and energy firms to borrow from U.S. financial institutions, which is cutting into the purchasing power of Russian companies, said attorney Janet Kim, a partner at Baker & McKenzie, which has offices in Chicago. The repercussions are starting to be felt in the Midwest.
"Further tightening of credit availability continues to weigh on equipment sales; notably, Western equipment manufacturers are being impacted," Susan Karlix, a spokeswoman for Deere, told analysts during the company's most recent earnings announcement. The Moline-based agricultural equipment-maker has two factories in Russia.
Like many multinationals, Deere does not break out results by country. And like many companies contacted for this story, including Tur Partners, it declined interview requests.
Peoria-based construction and mining equipment-maker Caterpillar, which operates a plant near St. Petersburg in Russia, said its third-quarter sales declined in the former Soviet republic.
"Political conflicts and social unrest continue to disrupt economic activity," Mike DeWalt, vice president of Caterpillar's strategic services division, said during the earnings call. Russia is also among the company's top 15 export markets, with its U.S. factories shipping nearly $2 billion in equipment to Russia between 2009 and 2013.
Chicago-based commercial real estate firm JLL, or Jones Lang LaSalle, said its Russia business held steady this year, but the situation in leasing and sales of properties is shifting.
"Things that were in motion generally were completed," said CEO Colin Dyer. "But transactions are slowing down quickly. No one is initiating anything new."
Meanwhile, the severe devaluation of the ruble against the dollar is making U.S. products much costlier for Russian consumers. For high-flying e-commerce firm BayRu, this means 2014 may be its first year without rocketing growth.
"Russian consumers who were very confident about buying branded goods from all over the world now look like consumers did in the U.S. in 2009," said Aaron Block, chairman of the Morton Grove-based firm that was founded in 2007 by two brothers from Russia. The firm did about $30 million in sales last year.

Bill Clinton Speaks at Clinton Library 10 Year Anniversary SymposiumEarth Cam - Typhoon Hagupit Hits the Philippines
VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAM COVERAGE
Tomorrow
THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...
9:30 AM ET
{"btnClass":"cta_link","link":"#","date":"12/08/2014","endTime":1418049900000,"id":"12/08/2014-0","startTime":1418049000000,"startTimeISO":"20141208T093000","title":"THE BIG NUMBER: US Adds 321K Jobs in November, Strongest...","startTimeText":"9:30 AM ET","linkText":"Add to Calendar","endTimeISO":"20141208T094500","conedID":20646307,"pastEvent":false,"recurring":true}
Story Stock

Mook Mafia leak shows Clinton camp infighting may already be brewingBy Jose A. DelReal November 14 Follow jdelreal
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has yet to announced if she intends to run for president.  (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta, File)
A cache of emails from a private listserv maintained by Democratic operatives Robby Mook and Marlon Marshall — contenders for top positions on Hillary Clinton's potential presidential campaign — was leaked to ABC News and published Friday. But rather than coming from Republican rivals, which wouldn't be terribly surprising, the leak reportedly came from within the group's ranks.
The episode does more than showcase the jockeying that's already happening in Hillaryland before a would-be campaign has even been announced. It's also a vivid reminder that Clinton's 2008 race was frequently cited as a case study in how behind-the-scenes squabbling can derail a frontrunner. And it contributes to an already-existing narrative that the new Clinton campaign is highly susceptible to similar infighting.
Some background: Mook and Marshall have long been said to maintain a network known as the “Mook Mafia," which ABC reports has an email list that reaches around 150 political operatives around the country. The existence of the group has been reported before, as has the strong allegiance Mook has cultivated among veteran campaign ops.  The content of the group’s exchanges, however, has largely remained private.
Reports ABC’s Rick Klein:
Copies of a cache of the emails obtained by ABC News, and revealed publicly for the first time, show Mook and [Marlon Marshall] demonstrating an aggressive tone in rallying their friends behind political causes, in exchanges that are often self-mocking and sometimes border on being profane.
They include rallying cries to, in Mook’s words, “smite Republicans mafia-style,” and, to quote Marshall, “punish those voters.” Mook sometimes calls himself “Deacon” in the emails, while Marshall, now a senior White House aide, refers to himself as “Reverend” in many of the exchanges.
The content of the emails doesn't seem to be particularly damaging. My colleague Aaron Blake over at The Fix has an excellent take on the "bro-tastic" tenor of the emails and what it says about the 2016 Democratic field.
ABC reports that the leaker has worked on Democratic campaigns alongside Mook and Marshall. According to the report, the leaker does not support Mook or Marshall as potential Clinton campaign managers, strongly indicating that as the motivation for the leak.
The clearest target of the email release seems to be Mook, who has a long history in Democratic politics and is considered a top talent by both Republicans and Democrats. Mook worked with Howard Dean and John Kerry during their 2004 presidential campaigns and, by 2008,  was working as a top aide on Hillary Clinton's presidential bid. His other notable roles include executive director of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee and campaign manager for Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe’s 2013 election.
Marshall is also a hugely respected operative in Democratic politics. Currently a special assistant to the president, Marshall has served as the national field director for the DCCC and deputy national field director for the Obama campaign in 2012.
It's hard to see how chatter disqualifying top talents like Mook and Marshall would be a good thing for Clinton's presidential prospects. Instead, veiled intraparty attacks and media leaks contribute to the very narrative that could hurt Clinton in the future. In the wake of her 2008 primary loss to now-President Barack Obama, publication after publication reported on the frequent and vitriolic disagreements among the top members of her staff.
Those reports not only explained how Clinton went from the "inevitable" candidate to a bitter loser, but also called into question Clinton's ability to manage her staff. And those points are still very much on the minds of political watchers—comprising reporters, Republican rivals, and even potential Democratic challengers—who stand ready to scrutinize Clinton's every move if she chooses to run for president.
Social media was buzzing Friday in response to the email leak:
The news is less what's in these emails/juvenile stuff than someone dumping oppo on Mook http://t.co/Mf09Df6Qhg
— Maggie Haberman (@maggiepolitico) November 14, 2014
Whoa the quiet struggle for control of the Clinton campaign just blew up in the open. Off to a good start here. http://t.co/opTKcBYHcV
— Ben Smith (@BuzzFeedBen) November 14, 2014
@rickklein @maggiepolitico takes awfully sad, pathetic person to leak these emails. They're obviously kidding around. — Tommy Vietor (@TVietor08) November 14, 2014
As a member of the Juicebox Mafia I don’t see what’s offensive here. http://t.co/eDQVZRtuUP

QUIZ: Which politician who totally isnt running for president (not really) said thisBy Jaime Fuller November 14 Follow @j_fuller
SOURCE: CBS News
The Inuit people have dozens of words for "snow."  In politics, there are thousands of words for "no."
This is especially true when will-you-run-for-x is being discussed, when "no" must also mean, "yes," "maybe" and "look over there!"
Not only are there thousands of words for "no," but no two politicians use the same words, even though they often all are saying the same thing: "Yes, I am running for president. Please write about me so that people get excited about it, or at least learn who I am."
In celebration of these words, we challenge you to connect the denial to the potential 2016 contender who said it.
(Note: If you get more than three of these right, go on vacation and maybe watch some "True Detective." You need it.)
If you can't see the quiz below, click here.
 
1
“I’m not particularly eager to do it myself, and having been involved in six presidential campaigns, I know what it’s like. But if nobody running is able to win and willing to address these issues, then I might have a change of heart.”
Bernie Sanders

Nehru  Patel hazy figures from history for school kids  teachers blamesyllabusMumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:15 am
Aathira Vasudevan
While political parties attempted to cash in on the  legacy of Jawaharlal Nehru — 68 years after Independence — the first prime minister appeared to be a somewhat hazy figure from history for several students.
Children from various schools across the city visited the Nehru Centre in Worli on Jawaharlal Nehru’s 125th birth anniversary on Friday.
Sachin Kale, a history teacher at the Shardashram Vidyamandir, Dadar, said: “Nehru is mentioned only briefly in Class VIII textbooks. There is absolutely no mention of many important freedom fighters such as Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. “It is therefore not surprising that many students were unaware of who Sardar Patel was. When asked, Varsha, a Class VIII student of Sri Narayana Guru School, said: “Vallabhbhai Patel fought a war in England.” Out of over 200 children, who visited the museum on Friday, less than 50 had heard the name of the Iron Man of India. Bhupen Bhoyir, a student of Class IX, said “I think the Iron Man of India is Mahatma Gandhi.”
Although most students could recognise Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru from the pictures shown, very few could answer basic questions about who he was. “Nehruji was the first president of India”, said one of the students present at the museum. When asked why Children’s day is celebrated in India on November 14 every year, students said: “Because Chachaji liked children.” Very few were aware that it is the birth anniversary of  Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru.
Even answers to question on which year India got its independence from the British  were quite interesting. They mentioned several dates right from 1939 to 1957. Manish Patil, a student of Class IX, said: “How does it matter which year we got independence, as long as we are independent today?” Sunanda Sanap, a teacher of mathematics at Shardashram Vidyamandir, said, “I have noticed that students take Science very seriously but are not quite interested in subjects like History. We organise visits to museums and use power point presentations to make the subject more interesting.”
One of the main reasons for students being ignorant towards the subject is probably the poor way in which the high school syllabus has been framed. History of modern India is mentioned only in Class VIII textbooks. Also, the emphasis given on learning science subjects to crack various entrance tests is probably another reason why subjects like history are not emphasised on.
Bina Khanolker from the Bharat Petroleum, who organised a museum visit for the students of Mahul village on Children’s Day, said: “In my opinion, there should be more museums and other learning centres in the city that students can visit. Students easily forget what they learnt in textbooks and hence there should be places where they are given audio-visual aids to learn about the various freedom fighters. I think the martyrs whose sweat and blood went into giving us a free country deserve to be remembered.”
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

Reworked my technique just before 13 Champions Trophy: RohitSharmaPrint
 Rohit revisited the disastrous tour of Sri Lanka that forced him to make technical changes in his batting. (Source: PTI)
Written by Devendra Pandey , Bharat Sundaresan | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:13 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:20 am
Before his selection for the ongoing series, Rohit Sharma, in a conversation with The Indian Express, revisited the nightmarish 2012 tour of Sri Lanka that forced him to make technical changes in his batting. He also talked about how opening in ODIs helped him become a better batsman. Excerpts:
What is the biggest technical change you have had to make in recent times?
That tendency to poke at the ball. It happened a lot. Back then my hands used to go towards the ball as they were away from my hip, and hence the body. Now, I’m trying to keep my hands as close to my hip as possible, which helps me to play close to my body. When your hands are not near your hip, you tend to play a lot of balls on fourth, fifth stump and sixth stump. My bat would come down from around third slip and I was making a whole circle to play the ball. Keeping the hands near the hip saved me time because the bat was just coming down straighter and with full bat face. But it doesn’t mean that you can’t be successful with that kind of back-lift. Look at Hashim Amla. But the thing is that wherever the back-lift starts from, it has to come straight when it crosses your body.
What was your specific problem that was creating all the issues?
My problem was it (bat) used to go slightly across my body and result in my head falling. Because the head will follow the bat. It is pulling you towards the bat. The bat is pulling you away. Wherever the head goes everything else will go. So the hands follow. And if your head falls you’re gone. This was my technique till say 2012. I made this conscious decision (changing technique) just before the 2013 Champions Trophy after I realized I had to open the innings. At the top of the order you can’t have your hands stray away from the body like that.
Was there a knock or a series where you felt that enough was enough and it was time for a change?
The Sri Lanka tour in 2012 where I scored just 10 runs in five ODIs. My head was falling way too much. After three ODIs, my scores were 5, 3 and then 0. It was so frustrating; I went to the analyst and found out what was going on. My head was falling too much. There was a game I remember where Malinga bowled a Yorker and it hit straight on my boot and I was out lbw. I didn’t know what was going on after three games and things didn’t improve in the next two as well. That was the worst tour of my career. I went back and saw my videos. I also saw videos of continued…

Nehru papers to come in publicdomainPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:13 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 3:14 am
The NDA government on Friday set the ball rolling to bring the “Nehru papers”, presently in the custody of Congress president Sonia Gandhi, in public domain as Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh told a select gathering of academicians and historians that “all documents and literature related to Nehru should be compiled to understand his life in entirety”.
Sources in the NDA government, which started its year-long celebrations of the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru on Friday, said efforts will soon begin to bring the papers and documents presently in the custody of the Nehru-Gandhi family to public domain.
Singh said he considered Nehru as a rashtrapurush (national hero) and added that his statement is bound to lead to a hue and cry. “I think that Nehru can be understood in entirety only if all the papers and literature associated with him are compiled. There is a provision under Public Records Rule of 1997 under which we can do it,” he said.
Nobody from Nehru-Gandhi family attended the function, though Ravindra Singh, secretary, Culture Ministry, told The Indian Express that they had been invited. The only Congress representative was Mallikarjun Kharge.
A day after Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi said “angry” people are running the country, Rajnath said, “We should never have ill feelings towards our political opponents. We should not create any fear psychosis in people’s mind. We should not create any sense of fear by making unnecessary statements. We should create a sense of confidence among people. All political parties must work for that.”
 
Nehru belongs to country, not particularly party: Maneka
Women and Child Development Minister Maneka Gandhi on Friday said that Jawaharlal Nehru “belongs to the country and not to a particular political party”. She was reacting to the Congress’s criticism that the NDA government was trying to appropriate Nehru’s legacy. Maneka was speaking at the launch of the Bal Swachhta Mission by her ministry. (ENS)

Barack Obama oozes support for Myanmars Aung San SuuKyiUS President Barack Obama mounted a warm show of support for Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
By: Associated Press | Yangon | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:11 am
US President Barack Obama mounted a warm show of support Friday for Myanmar’s opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi, voicing opposition to a constitutional rule that’s preventing the pro-democracy icon from seeking the presidency next year. While crediting Myanmar for progress in its transition to democracy, he offered a blunt assessment of the distressing shortcomings that have called that transition into question.
In his joint appearance with Suu Kyi, on the back porch of her lakeside home, Obama stopped short of an explicit endorsement for her potential campaign for president. But his affection and deep admiration for Suu Kyi was clear, from his praise for her efforts to liberalize the government to the ease with which he whispered in her ear as they walked arm in arm into the home where she was once confined as a political prisoner.
Although Obama was quick to caution he didn’t want to dictate how Myanmar should pick its next president, he said told President Thein Sein the night before that he saw little wisdom in a rule barring the 69-year-old Suu Kyi from running next year because her children hold British citizenship.
“I don’t understand a provision that would bar somebody from running for president because of who their children are,” Obama said. “That doesn’t make much sense to me.”
Suu Kyi, a member of Parliament demure in her support for changing that provision, said it was flattering to have a constitution written with her in mind. But she said that wasn’t how it should be done in a democracy, urging supporters not to get too caught up in whether she wins next year’s pivotal elections.
“Of course any party wants to win the elections – I’m sure the president will tell you that,” she said with a grin. What’s more important, she said, is how you win. “I’d rather lose than win in the wrong way.”
Obama and Suu Kyi took questions from reporters on the final day of Obama’s visit to Myanmar, an impoverished country struggling to reinvent itself. Obama is heavily invested in Myanmar’s progress, having made a historic trip here two years ago to signal a strong US commitment to democratization in the country and the broader region.
On this visit, prompted by economic summits in the capital city of Naypyitaw, Obama faced profound concerns by Myanmar’s citizens that its transition to democracy is backsliding. At a town hall meeting Friday with young Southeast Asians – itself a rarity in a country ruled by its military for half a century – Obama told an ebullient crowd their generation has more potential than any before to shape Myanmar’s society.
“The future of this region – your region – is not going to be dictated by dictator or by armies,” Obama said. “It’s continued…

Coming up: Rs 200-cr plant to treat 22.5mn litres ofsewagePrint
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:10 am
Union Minister for Chemicals and Fertilisers Ananth Kumar and Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Thursday laid the foundation stone for a sewage treatment plant to be set up by two public sector units in Trombay. It will ease the load on the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC).
The plant, which Rashtriya Chemical & Fertilizers (RCF) will set up with the aid of Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd (BPCL), will provide treated water to the two companies to lessen their dependence on the municipal water supply stock to the extent of 15 million litres a day.
The plant, which RCF plans to put into operation within 28 months from the award of contract, will have the capacity to treat 22.5 million litres of sewage per day. The project cost is Rs 200 crore, of which BPCL will provide 40 per cent as an interest-free deposit.
The RCF already has one sewage treatment plant of a similar capacity since 1999-2000. The company purchases municipal waste and processes it to produce purified water amounting to about 13.6 million litres per day.
Fadnavis said, “Today, the problems plaguing society are non-availability of clean water, pollution, and lack of sewage treatment and solid waste management. Fifty per cent sewage generated by the city is let out in the sea untreated.”
He added that according to a report by a private research firm, by 2020, 70 per cent sewage will go untreated and per capita availability of water would be halved.
The chief minister, however, turned down the RCF’s demand to access municipal sewage for free for the treatment plant as against the current situation where  it pays a fee, citing the  example of Nagpur, his home town.
“The Nagpur Municipal Corporation earns Rs 16 crore by selling sewage to Maharashtra State Power Generation Company for electricity production,” the chief minister said.
mumbai.newsline@expressindia.com

HDFC Bank gets FIPB approval to raise foreig...HDFC Bank gets FIPB approval to raise foreign investment to 74%
ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 02.41AM IST
Tags:
FDI
(Move unlikely to benefit…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: The foreign investment promotion board (FIPB) on Friday cleared HDFC Bank's revised proposal to increase foreign investment in the bank to 74%, but the decision is unlikely to benefit the bank's shareholders immediately.
The approval ends the uncertainty over foreign investments in India's most valuable bank and clears the decks for its proposed capital raising.
The bank may, however, have to pay a penalty for breaching the permitted foreign investment limit, which would be decided by the RBI. The FIPB has counted parent HDFC's 22.5% stake in the bank as foreign investment, which means the total foreign holding in the bank is already close to the 74% limit in the sector. Effectively, the FIPB has only regularised the existing foreign investment in the bank and there's no room for further foreign investment.
"FIPB today considered and approved HDFC Bank's proposal to raise foreign investment ceiling to 74%," said a government official, adding that the board's view is that HDFC Bank's parent HDFC Ltd's 22% holding in the bank is foreign direct investment (FDI). This means total foreign holding in the bank, which includes FII, FDI, NRI, ADR and GDR, is already over 73%.
"The FIPB decision will hardly have any impact on the stock as the bank has little headroom left to raise funds from foreign investors," said Daljeet Kohli, head of research, IndiaNivesh Securities. "FII limit in HDFC Bank will open up only if HDFC stake is considered domestic." HDFC Bank has shareholders' approval for raising Rs 10,000 crore capital till July 2015.
"Overall, the FIPB decision is in the right direction. Though FIIs cannot increase their holding in HDFC Bank immediately, it is very positive in the long term and if RBI considers HDFC as an Indian entity, the stock will lead to a sharp re-rating," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, MD & CEO, Destimoney Securities.
Shares of HDFC Bank rose 1.43% to Rs 923.30 at the Bombay Stock Exchange on Friday. The HDFC Bank stock has risen 42% since the RBI ban on further increase in FII holding on December 19 last year. The FIPB also cleared 14 other proposals, including that of pharmaceutical company Sanofi , and that of Punj Lloyd's to enter the defence space.
In December last, the RBI had closed further foreign purchase of HDFC Bank's shares saying overall foreign shareholding limit of 49% had been reached.
Foreign investment of up to 49% is allowed in private banks through the automatic route, but any subsequent increase has to be approved by the FIPB. HDFC Bank had subsequently moved a proposal to raise foreign investment limit to 67.55% from 49% but the proposal had hit a wall after the RBI, the department of industrial policy and promotion and the department of economic affairs in the finance ministry felt that the foreign holding in the bank was already over the limit sought by the bank.
This was because of the 2009 FDI policy guideline for calculation of foreign investment that said investment by a company majority foreign-owned or foreign-controlled in another Indian company will be considered foreign investment. Since HDFC has more than 50% foreign investment, which made it a foreign-owned company, all its investments were counted as foreign investment.
This meant that HDFC's 22.5% stake in HDFC Bank was considered as foreign investment, and counting it, the total foreign investment in the bank was already near 74%, the maximum allowed. This meant two things - one, there was no room for further increase in the limit. Two, HDFC Bank was already in violation of the limit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mysurus smoking menace: 1 500 booked in 2 weeksMysore
The Mysuru City police have begun cracking down on smoking in public by catching more than 1,500 people in the act in the last two weeks.
“We want to completely eradicate the menace of smoking in public places,” City Police Commissioner M.A. Saleem told The Hindu, indicating that the drive will continue.
“We have booked more than 5,000 cases so far this year,” he added.
The drive is on and about 240 persons found smoking in public places were booked on Thursday, he added.
The people are angry with the police for booking cases against those smoking on roads and pavements. To that, Mr. Saleem said: “Roads and pavements are also public places.”
“Either you smoke inside your house or smoke in a designated smoking area outside your house. Your smoke cannot affect others, who are entitled to a smoke-free atmosphere.”
The police will also instruct hotels, restaurants, clubs and other establishments to ensure designated smoking areas on their premises if their patrons are to be spared the penalty.
The law and order police personnel will be mounting a vigil in the areas in their respective police stations. The penalty ranges from Rs. 50 to Rs. 200. The amount is left to the discretion of the police.
Tea stalls under vigil
Contending that smoking at roadside tea stalls is also not permitted under law, police officials said owners of such premises should prevent patrons from smoking or create designated smoking areas.
Inspector of Udayagiri police station S. Srikanth said a lot of youngsters, mostly college-going students, are found smoking in such tea shops.
Two weeks ago
But, since the drive began two weeks ago, a lot of awareness has been created. “If we catch smokers and penalise them, the word will spread and the crowds will thin,” he said, adding that they had booked as many as 60 to 70 cases on certain days at the police station in his jurisdiction.
Meanwhile, a few tea stall owners in the city have begun refusing to sell cigarettes to youths, lest they incur the wrath of the police.
“I have been warned by the police against dispensing loose cigarettes to youths,” said a tea stall owner near Ramaswamy Circle.
Loose cigarette ban
Tobacco farmers in Mysuru district have expressed concern over the proposed move to amend the COPTA Act 2003 to ban dispensing of loose cigarettes.
President of Federation of Virginia Flue Cured (VFC) Tobacco Growers Association, Javare Gowda, said he has appealed to the Union government against the move.
Representatives of agencies supplying ITC cigarettes said: “Going by the monthly turnover of around Rs. 25 crore to Rs. 30 crore, about 10 lakh cigarettes are sold in Mysuru every day.

Who Was the First Postmaster General
Salad Days: The Most Expensive Hotel Ever Sold
Amazon  Hachette End Battle of the eBooks
Ask Matt: Will J.C. Penney ever be stylishAP
Q: Will J.C. Penney stock ever be stylish?
A: Investors hoped 2014 was the year the retailer finally brushed off its former missteps. But J.C. Penney’s (JCP) latest quarterly results shows there’s much more to do.
Shares of the struggling department store operator declined sharply after it reported an adjusted loss of 77 cents a share late Wednesday. But it wasn’t the size of the loss that was concerning, as that came in slightly better than expected. What investors don’t like is that revenue fell to $2.76 billion during the quarter, down about 1% from the same period a year ago.
The quarter underscores the frustration investors have endured with this retailer, as it tries to find its footing. CEO Mike Ullman returned to J.C. Penney in April 2013, largely to undo many of the changes by former CEO Ron Johnson. But the progress has been slow and analysts are still cautious about the future. The average rating on the stock by Wall Street analysts is “hold,” which on Wall Street is really a sell. This pessimism is rooted in fundamentals. J.C. Penney is not expected to be profitable on an adjusted basis until the year 2019, says S&P Capital IQ. That’s a long time to wait for a turnaround, filled with risk, especially in an industry that’s so competitive.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Indian-origin whizkid lectures on cyber secu...Indian-origin whizkid lectures on cyber security
PTI Nov 14, 2014, 10.36PM IST
("I cloned a page to tell people…)
NEW DELHI: Eight-year old Indian origin whizkid Reuben Paul today showed how a fake link of a website can be used by cyber criminals while advising children to be on guard against fraudsters.
"I cloned a page to tell people how a cyber criminal can mislead people and gain control of their system," Reuben Paul said at cyber security conference Ground Zero Summit.
Reuben recently started Prudent Games, his own gaming firm and is designated as CEO of the company. The US-based whizkid has been trained by his father Mano Paul, who is also partner in the company.
The whizkid also said that children should deal with strangers on Internet the same way ones does on streets.
"Don't click anything from strangers. Don't access e-mails or any web link shared by strangers. Don't take anything from strangers and also don't trust strangers on Internet," Paul said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vedanta boss discusses HZL  Balco stake sale...You are here: Home > Collections > Government
Vedanta Chairman Anil Agarwal discusses Hindustan Zinc and Balco stake sale with FM Arun Jaitley
PTI Nov 14, 2014, 10.01PM IST
Tags:
Anil Agarwal
('Vedanta remains aligned…)
NEW DELHI: Weeks after government-appointed valuers visited the sites of Hindustan Zinc and Balco, Vedanta Resources Chairman Anil Agarwal today discussed with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley issues related to residual stake sale in the erstwhile state-owned firms.
Talking to reporters after the meeting here, Agarwal said Jaitley did not give any timeline for the divestment of the government's 29.5 per cent holding in HZL and 49 per cent in Balco, but added that the discussions were positive.
"Vedanta remains aligned and confident that government is progressing well with its forward looking disinvestment policy," a company spokesperson said later.
Sources said the government-appointed valuers visited various plants of Hindustan Zinc and Balco a few weeks back and they are likely to submit their report to government soon.
London Stock Exchange-listed metal, mining, oil and gas major Vedanta Resources, which holds 64.9 per cent stake in HZL and 51 per cent stake in Balco, had offered over USD 2.57 billion and USD 296.5 million respectively to buy government's residual stakes in these two firms in January 2012.
In August 2012, it got shareholders' approval to raise the offer by around 25 per cent. The one-year approval period has expired.
Announcing the half-yearly result last evening, Vedanta said: "We continue to work towards the minority buyouts of HZL and BALCO, for which government is currently conducting its own valuation exercise."
Vedanta had in April 2002 bought 26 per cent stake in HZL. It had two call options to purchase all of the government of India's shares in HZL at fair market value. It exercised the first call option on August 29, 2003 and acquired 18.9 per cent additional stake in the company.
Vedanta also acquired additional 20 per cent stake in HZL through an open offer, increasing its shareholding to 64.9 per cent. To acquire government's remaining 29.5 per cent share in HZL, it had exercised the second call option in 2009 which was disputed by the government.
Consequently, Vedanta invoked arbitration and filed a statement of claim. The arbitration proceedings are under progress in early stages. The next date of hearing is fixed on February 23, 2015.
Vedanta had bought 51 per cent holding in BALCO from the Government on March 2, 2001. Under the terms of shareholder's agreement, it has a call option that allows it to purchase the government's remaining ownership at any point from March 2004.
The Group exercised this option on March 19, 2004 which the government had contested. It is also sub-judice now and is scheduled for final hearing on February 9, 2015.
The offer made in 2012 was separate from the contested exercise of the call options and Vedanta proposed to withdraw ongoing litigations in relation to the contested exercise of the options should the offer be accepted.
FEATURED ARTICLES

VW Must Halt Anti-Union GroupAt least three people died Friday in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Dhanush ballistic missile successfully test-...You are here: Home > Collections
Nuclear-capable Dhanush ballistic missile successfully test-fired
PTI Nov 14, 2014, 11.22PM IST
("The trial was conducted…)
BALASORE: India tonight successfully test-fired its nuclear-capable Dhanush ballistic missile from a naval ship off the Odisha coast.
The surface-to-surface Dhanush, a naval variant of India's indigenously-developed 'Prithvi' missile, was test fired from a ship in the Bay of Bengal at around 7.40 PM by the Strategic Force Command (SFC) of the defence force.
"The missile launch was part of an exercise by the armed forces and the missile reached the designated target with high precision," Director of the Integrated Test Range (ITR) M V K V Prasad said.
"The missile launch and its flight performance was monitored from the ITR at Chandipur, Odisha," he said.
'Prithvi-II' surface-to-surface missile, which has a strike range of 350 km, was also test-fired from a test range at Chandipur earlier in the day.
The single-stage, liquid-propelled Dhanush has already been inducted into the armed services and is one of the five missiles developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) under the Integrated Guided Missile Development Programme (IGMDP), defence sources said.
"The trial was conducted by the SFC of the Indian defence force in co-operation with DRDO," a defence scientist said.
Dhanush missile is capable of carrying conventional as well as nuclear payload of 500 to 1,000 kg and hit both land and sea-based targets.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Burakovsky  Johansson  Brouwer hope to become default lineBy Alex Prewitt November 14 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Anne-Marie Sorvin/USA TODAY Sports)
Sitting at his locker stall, Capitals forward Troy Brouwer laughed. What was it like, he considered, to skate on a line beside two native Swedes? “I never know what the hell they’re saying,” Brouwer cracked, then pivoted. “Nah, they’re good about talking English with me, making sure I know what’s going on.”
On the ice for Washington’s first and last goals Tuesday against Columbus, the line deploying Andre Burakovsky, Marcus Johansson and Brouwer has improved to become among Coach Barry Trotz’s most consistent and trusted offensive three-man groups , skating together for the past three games. And if the Capitals have their druthers, the line will become what Brouwer called a “default line,” a safe haven for Trotz should he decide to tinker for a game here or there.
“Throughout the course of the season, lines are going to change,” Brouwer said. “We know that. Every team does that. But every coach has lines they’re comfortable with and they revert back to, and I feel like the way we’re playing right now, even if we do get split up in the future, could be a go-to line getting us back together, because he knows we’ve played pretty well together the past couple games.”
The line had already proven itself before Johansson scored twice – both with Burakovsky recording assists – against the Blue Jackets, both helping Washington off to a fast start 96 seconds into the game and burying Columbus late in the third period.
Over the past three games, all Capitals victories, Burakovsky, Brouwer and Johansson rank second, fourth and sixth among all skaters in even-strength Fenwick-for. With heavy offensive zone starts against middling competition, according to War On Ice , the line has enjoyed the benefit of pushing the puck toward the net without much worrying about defensive assignments.
“They’re both real skilled players, which is real nice,” Brouwer said. ‘I think that complements my game, a little more physicality and some net presence the majority of the time. I think we’ve worked well together the last couple games, and obviously Trotz has some trust in us, keeping us together.”
And why split them up? Through 15 games, Johansson has already scored seven even-strength goals, two more than his past two seasons combined. Burakovsky, 19, is tied for second among NHL rookies with 12 points. And after a four-game scoreless drought coinciding with Washington’s trip to western Canada, Brouwer has recorded goals or assists in six of seven since.
“It’s a compliment to all three of our games,” he said. “We’re playing well, we’re playing together, which I think it’s the most important thing. There’s not one guy on our team who’s trying to do more than he’s capable of, and as a result we’re holding onto pucks, we’re getting good zone time, we’re staying out of our end, which is real important for our end.”
Neither Brouwer nor Johansson could recall many previous “default lines” they skated on – Brouwer suggested two seasons ago when he skated with Mike Ribeiro and Eric Fehr – but amid Trotz’s frequent tinkering and injuries to several Capitals forwards, that group has stuck together.
“The more you play with each other, the more comfortable you get,” Johansson said. “I think the three of us are pretty comfortable together right now. We have a good combination right here with Brouwer, he’s a great shooter and goal-scorer, and with his big body he can win pucks and all that. It’s turned out to be pretty good line.”
And as for the language barrier?
“It’s a different language that’s pretty hard,” Johansson said, laughing.
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

The myth of Obamas comebackBy Zachary A. Goldfarb November 14 Follow @Goldfarb
(Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)
Just a week after a shellacking at the polls, Barack Obama is back! Or so has been the suggestion this week -- on the heels of Obama's aggressive endorsement of net neutrality, his big climate deal with China, and leaks suggesting he's still going to go big on immigration.
The New York Times says  Obama's "defying label of lame duck." Politico observes that "there’s already some swagger returning to his step."  The Washington Post notes  Obama has said he wants to "squeeze every last little bit of opportunity" to push his agenda and in recent days "he has shown that he meant it." The New Yorker says , simply, that he's had an "unexpectedly good week."
This is a grand slam of assessment -- his brand is doing much better post-election than he says  it did pre-election -- but it's way too early to suggest that he's somehow crawled out of the dark place that voters put him last week.
1. His job approval rating is still in the gutter. 
There haven't been many polls since last Tuesday, but Gallup's daily tracking poll  shows Obama with a 41 percent approval rating, near the all-time low of 39 percent reached in the survey immediately following the mid-term election. His disapproval rating of 53 percent ranks just south of the 56 percent of Americans who disapproved of his performance in the same survey following the election. It's a bit better than what George W. Bush faced at this time, but much worse than how Americans rated Ronald Reagan or Bill Clinton at the end of their sixth year.
2. His endorsement of net neutrality was no profile in courage, and he may not even get what he wants.
On Monday, Obama surprised many Internet activists and telecommunications firms with an unequivocal endorsement of net neutrality. Obama said he believes telecom companies like Verizon and Comcast should be regulated by the Federal Communications Commission effectively as utilities, requiring that the firms treat all Internet traffic equally. While it generated much buzz and was unusually flashy, this wasn't quite as dramatic as Obama's endorsement of gay marriage, for example, before the 2012 presidential election. As far back as 2007, after all, Obama had  said , "I am a strong supporter of net neutrality." 
What makes Monday's pronouncement even less impressive is that the FCC may not embrace his view, as my colleagues Brian Fung and Nancy Scolla reported in a blockbuster story. Obama has appointed all five of the independent agency's commissioners, three of whom are Democrats, including Chairman Tom Wheeler. Yet Wheeler hasn't committed to Obama's preferred path.
3. The China deal is unlikely to be enough to avoid the worst effects of climate change and relies in big part on Obama's successor. 
The deal is no doubt important: It commits the U.S. to stringent goals for limiting the emission of greenhouse gases and, more importantly, represents the most significant pledge by China, one of the worst polluting nations, to take a leap forward in combating global warming. Yet, on its own, it will unlikely be adequate  to stem the 2 degree Celsius rise in temperatures (over pre-industrial levels) that climate scientists warn would cause severe harm to the planet.
What's more, Obama relies on his successors following through. With the enactment of limits on emissions by coal-fire power plants and other measures, the president has put the United States on a path toward meeting its commitment. But a Republican president could attempt to dismantle  or interfere with the new power plant rules, or show much less interest in continuing to increase fuel efficiency standards. An array of lawsuits also likely faces the power plant rules, which the EPA is still working to implement.
President Obama, speaking at a news conference in Burma last Friday, said he would take action to reform U.S. immigration policy before the end of the year. (Reuters)
4. By acting on immigration, Obama is belatedly doing what he promised to do, and it has risks.
Obama is not backing away from his pre-election commitment to use executive authority to address the nation's broken immigration system in lieu of action by Congress, contemplating a proposal that might stop the deportation of up to five million illegal immigrants. In Burma on Friday, he said "this is something that needs to be done. It’s way overdue."
(Photo by Mario Tama/Getty Images)
But, like with net neutrality, this is not a sudden, post-election assertion of power. Obama is merely, finally fulfilling a broken promise he made to the nation's immigrants back in June. When it became clear that House Republicans were not going to pass a broad overhaul of immigration law, the president promised to use his unilateral authority by summer's end. Conservative Democrats begged him to delay, worried that such an action could cost the party their hold on Congress. Obama acquiesced to the political pressure, breaking his word, but lost the Senate anyway. For failing to uphold his promise, Hispanic Americans shredded him, calling him "deporter in chief," and warned that 60,000 to 70,000 people would be deported just as a result of the delay.
The imminent executive action, meanwhile, is not cost-free. It almost certain kills any chance for comprehensive reform, not that the odds were great. And it could sour relations with lawmakers in the middle, like Sen. Angus King of Maine, an independent that caucuses with Democrats, who's said that “it will create a backlash in the country that could actually set the cause back and inflame our politics in a way that I don’t think will be conducive to solving the problem."
5. The American people are looking to Republicans to make a difference. 
Six years into Obama's presidency, Americans surveyed by Gallup say that they are looking, by a 53-to-36 percent margin, "to have more influence over the direction of the nation." That's even more unbalanced than it was after the 2010 electoral drubbing. Meanwhile, 34 percent of Americans say the country will be better off as a result of Republicans' win, compared to 19 percent who believe we'll be worse off. Obama faces deep and broad skepticism among the American public, and that gives him a weak hand going into legislative battles to come.
6. Obama faces many obstacles and little time. 
Republicans have a healthy majority in the Senate and the largest majority in the House since 1949. After brutal disagreements about 2014 strategy, there's little love lost between the White House and Senate Democrats. As a result, Obama faces probably the most antagonistic Congress he's faced since coming to office. Not a great place to be during your final two years.
First up, the Senate is set to  approve the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline on Tuesday after the House passed a measure authorization the project Friday. Obama has assiduously tried to avoid allowing the project to move forward, given concerns of many of his advisers that it would be harmful, symbolically if not substantively, to efforts to stem global warming. If Obama vetoes Keystone, as expected, he could worsen the already-bad odds of Sen. Mary Landrieu (D-La.), who's pushing for construction of the pipeline, in next month's run-off. If he signs the legislation, he would have had his hand forced on a high-profile policy just two weeks after the mid-terms.
Next spring, Obama could suffer another bad defeat if the Supreme Court rules unfavorably in the King v. Burwell   case, which challenges the constitutionality of tax subsidies offered to low- and moderate-income American in states that did not create their own insurance marketplaces. Declaring those subsidies unconstitutional would undermine a key part of the law and cost millions of people health insurance.
And finally, the president has little time. There have been few achievements in the final quarter of a presidency, but many problems: For Bush, it was a financial crisis. For Clinton, it was impeachment and the dotcom bubble bursting. For Reagan, it was Iran-Contra. Richard Nixon resigned and Lyndon Johnson was consumed by the Vietnam War. That's why some close observers  say there is a "second term curse."
Zachary A. Goldfarb is policy editor at The Washington Post.

Sierra Leone surgeon with Ebola to go to US forcareA surgeon working in Sierra Leone has been diagnosed with Ebola and will be flown Saturday to the United States for treatment.
By: Associated Press | Sierra Leone | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:18 am
A surgeon working in Sierra Leone has been diagnosed with Ebola and will be flown Saturday to the United States for treatment, officials from Sierra Leone and the United States said.
Dr Martin Salia was to be taken to Omaha to be treated at the Nebraska Medical Center, Sierra Leone’s chief medical officer, Dr Brima Kargbo, told The Associated Press on Friday. Salia reportedly lives in Maryland.
Salia is a general surgeon who had been working at Kissy United Methodist Hospital in the Sierra Leone capital of Freetown. Patients, including mothers who hours earlier had given birth, fled from the 60-bed hospital after news of the Ebola case emerged, United Methodist News reported.
The hospital was closed on Tuesday after Salia tested positive and he was taken to the Hastings Ebola Treatment Center near Freetown, the church news service said. Kissy hospital staffers will be quarantined for 21 days.
A Sierra Leone citizen, the 44-year-old lives in Maryland and is a permanent US resident, according to a person in the United States with direct knowledge of the situation. The person was not authorized to release the information and spoke on condition of anonymity.
His wife, Isatu Salia, said in a brief telephone interview Friday afternoon that she had spoken with her husband by phone earlier in the day and that he sounded weak but lucid and understood what was going on.
She said she understood that arrangements were now in place to bring him to the US, and that she needed to get to where he will be treated.
Salia received his surgical training from a group called the Pan African Academy of Christian Surgeons, which seeks to train African doctors on a level comparable to training they would receive in the US, said Richard Toupin, of Auburn, Indiana, a fellow medical missionary.
“He is one of the best-trained surgeons in his country,” Toupin said. “He is a very competent surgeon.”
Bruce Steffes, executive director of PAACS, said Salia graduated from the surgical training program in 2008. The training includes a requirement to practice in Africa for four years after completion. As a result, Steffes said, Salia was free to practice anywhere he wanted, but elected to stay in Sierra Leone, where the need for surgeons is immense.
“People like Martin are just absolutely dedicated, highly trained … and doing their best in absolutely horrifying conditions,” Steffes said.
Jeff Bleijerveld, director of global ministries for the United Brethren in Christ church, said he last talked to Salia in February 2013, when they met to discuss planning for a hospital in the southern part of Sierra Leone. He recalled watching Salia perform a hernia surgery on a young boy, assisted by a handyman who was not actually a continued…

Australian pacers rattle SouthAfricaMitchell Johnson, who has been named the ICC Cricketer of the Year, struck early, removing both the South African openers. (Source: Reuters)
By: Reuters | Perth | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:18 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:11 am
Paceman Nathan Coulter-Nile took four wickets to fire Australia to a 32-run victory over South Africa in the first one-day international in Perth on Friday. Australia captain Michael Clarke was ruled out midway through the match after re-aggravating his hamstring but stand-in skipper George Bailey scored a telling 70 to help drive the hosts to 300 for eight wickets after a mid-innings collapse.
Mitchell Johnson gave Australia the perfect start in defending the total, the fast bowler removing openers Hashim Amla and Quinton de Kock with just 18 runs on the board. South Africa captain AB de Villiers and middle-order batsman David Miller (65) combined for 126 runs to drive the tourists past 200, but Coulter-Nile broke the partnership when Miller miscued to Mitchell Marsh at mid-on with 14 overs left. De Villiers smashed 80 off 76 balls but was run out by some sharp fielding by Steven Smith, who came in for Clarke and threw down the stumps at the non-striker’s end.
Brief scores: Australia 300/8 (G Bailey 70, D Warner 46; V Philander 4/45) beat SA 268/10 De Villiers 80, D Miller 65; N Coulter-Mile 4/48, M Johnson 2/38) by 32 runs
Injury worries for Aus
Australia captain Michael Clarke will likely not take part in the second ODI versus South Africa on Sunday. “Clarke is currently being assessed and will have a scan tomorrow. George Bailey will step up as captain,” CA said on its Twitter feed.
Depending on the severity of the hamstring injury, Clarke may also be in doubt for the start of the four-Test series against India, which kicks off with the first match in Brisbane on Dec. 4. Australia wicketkeeper Brad Haddin too is in a race to be fit for the Test series. Haddin hurt his shoulder during Australia’s 2-0 Test series loss to Pakistan.
Mitch, cricketer of the year
Australia fast bowler Mitchell Johnson has matched compatriot Ricky Ponting’s feat of winning the International Cricket Council’s Cricketer of the Year award twice, the governing body said on Friday. The 33-year-old Johnson won the Sir Garfield Sobers trophy for the second time after winning the award in 2009 and was also named the ICC Test cricketer of the Year. Former Australia captain Ponting won the title in 2006 and 2007.
Left-arm paceman Johnson fired Australia to a 5-0 Ashes sweep of England and a 2-1 series win in South Africa between August 2013 and September 2014, taking 59 test wickets at an average of 15.23.
“Aggressive fast bowlers are something you’d have seen back in the day with the likes of (Dennis) Lillee and (Jeff) Thomson,” Johnson said in an ICC statement.
“For me, it’s nice to be able to contribute to the team and do the job continued…

Transmission projects of Rs 53 000 crore to ...GMR ENERGY
(The govt will auction eight…)
NEW DELHI: The government will auction eight contracts to set up power transmission projects worth Rs 53,000 crore in the biggest global bidding round ever since the sector was opened in 2010 and in the next three years.
The bidding will provide an opportunity to private firms like Tata Power , Reliance Infrastructure , Sterlite Energy , Larsen & Toubro, GMR Energy , Lanco Infratech and JSW Energy to bag mega transmission projects connecting several power plants to consumers.
The proposed schemes will benefit the power starved states of south India that face acute power transmission congestion.The transmission contracts include a 2,500-km long high capacity power evacuation link between Chhattisgarh and Tamil Nadu worth.`26,820 crore. The transmission system will facilitate inter-state transfer about 6,000-MW of electricity.
An empowered committee on transmission decided to bid these projects though the state-run Power Grid Corporation of India was keen to take them up on nomination basis, a senior government official said.
"The empowered committee on transmission has approved tariff-based competitive bidding of over Rs 53,000 crore power evacuation schemes. This is the biggest ever auction of power transmission projects in the past and in the near future. These are pending projects and have got accumulated for lack of decision and such large scale packages are not likely to be bid at least in the next three years," he said.
Electricity transmission in India is a monopoly of Power Grid Corp that owns and operates about 45% of inter-state transmission system. The government has decided that future inter-state transmission system schemes would be awarded under tariff-based competitive bidding.
The proposed schemes include a Rs 8,570 crore inter-regional transmission link to facilitate import of power from Maharashtra to Telengana and Andhra Pradesh.
A Rs 7,032-crore transmission system strengthening scheme beyond Vemagiri in Tamil Nadu has also been approved. A transmission line worth Rs 4,440 crore between Ajmer in Rajasthan till Moga in Punjab has also been proposed. Besides, two separate transmission lines connecting NTPC and Odisha Power Generating Corp have been planned.
FEATURED ARTICLES

HDFC Bank gets FIPB approval to raise invest...HDFC Bank gets FIPB approval to raise foreign investment to 74%
ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 02.41AM IST
Tags:
FDI
(Move unlikely to benefit…)
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: The foreign investment promotion board (FIPB) on Friday cleared HDFC Bank's revised proposal to increase foreign investment in the bank to 74%, but the decision is unlikely to benefit the bank's shareholders immediately.
The approval ends the uncertainty over foreign investments in India's most valuable bank and clears the decks for its proposed capital raising.
The bank may, however, have to pay a penalty for breaching the permitted foreign investment limit, which would be decided by the RBI. The FIPB has counted parent HDFC's 22.5% stake in the bank as foreign investment, which means the total foreign holding in the bank is already close to the 74% limit in the sector. Effectively, the FIPB has only regularised the existing foreign investment in the bank and there's no room for further foreign investment.
"FIPB today considered and approved HDFC Bank's proposal to raise foreign investment ceiling to 74%," said a government official, adding that the board's view is that HDFC Bank's parent HDFC Ltd's 22% holding in the bank is foreign direct investment (FDI). This means total foreign holding in the bank, which includes FII, FDI, NRI, ADR and GDR, is already over 73%.
"The FIPB decision will hardly have any impact on the stock as the bank has little headroom left to raise funds from foreign investors," said Daljeet Kohli, head of research, IndiaNivesh Securities. "FII limit in HDFC Bank will open up only if HDFC stake is considered domestic." HDFC Bank has shareholders' approval for raising Rs 10,000 crore capital till July 2015.
"Overall, the FIPB decision is in the right direction. Though FIIs cannot increase their holding in HDFC Bank immediately, it is very positive in the long term and if RBI considers HDFC as an Indian entity, the stock will lead to a sharp re-rating," said Sudip Bandyopadhyay, MD & CEO, Destimoney Securities.
Shares of HDFC Bank rose 1.43% to Rs 923.30 at the Bombay Stock Exchange on Friday. The HDFC Bank stock has risen 42% since the RBI ban on further increase in FII holding on December 19 last year. The FIPB also cleared 14 other proposals, including that of pharmaceutical company Sanofi , and that of Punj Lloyd's to enter the defence space.
In December last, the RBI had closed further foreign purchase of HDFC Bank's shares saying overall foreign shareholding limit of 49% had been reached.
Foreign investment of up to 49% is allowed in private banks through the automatic route, but any subsequent increase has to be approved by the FIPB. HDFC Bank had subsequently moved a proposal to raise foreign investment limit to 67.55% from 49% but the proposal had hit a wall after the RBI, the department of industrial policy and promotion and the department of economic affairs in the finance ministry felt that the foreign holding in the bank was already over the limit sought by the bank.
This was because of the 2009 FDI policy guideline for calculation of foreign investment that said investment by a company majority foreign-owned or foreign-controlled in another Indian company will be considered foreign investment. Since HDFC has more than 50% foreign investment, which made it a foreign-owned company, all its investments were counted as foreign investment.
This meant that HDFC's 22.5% stake in HDFC Bank was considered as foreign investment, and counting it, the total foreign investment in the bank was already near 74%, the maximum allowed. This meant two things - one, there was no room for further increase in the limit. Two, HDFC Bank was already in violation of the limit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Some HealthCare.gov Functions Won t Work OvernightAt least three people died Friday in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

TaylorMade CEO: Golf needs kids
All parents are bad parentsBy Alyssa Rosenberg November 14 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Gugu Mbatha-Raw and Nate Parker star in Relativity Media’s “Beyond the Lights.” (Suzanne Tenner/Relativity Media)
At the beginning of “Beyond the Lights,” a new romance from Gina Prince-Bythewood that arrives in theaters today, a little girl (India Jean-Jacques) fails to capture the top prize in a singing competition. “Chuck it. Throw it away,” her tense mother, Macy Jean (Minnie Driver), tells her of her new trophy on their way out of the auditorium. “You want to be a runner-up? You want to be a winner.”
That little girl grows up to be a Rihanna-style pop superstar so famous that she is recognizable just by her first name, Noni (Gugu Mbatha-Raw). The success that Macy Jean wanted so badly for Noni has not exactly blunted the mother’s edge, and it certainly has not made the daughter happy. And Macy Jean is hardly the only parent who does not know how to manage a talented child in cinemas this fall, in a series of films unlikely to offer much comfort to anxious and ambitious parents.
In “Beyond the Lights,” Noni’s talent is her own, but the direction in which it is channeled is the one Macy Jean thinks will be most commercially viable. Noni strips down in music videos, shows up on the red carpet in dresses made out of nothing but chains and pretends to be in a relationship with a crude rapper to help promote their joint single.
I wish Prince-Bythewood had been more nuanced about the difference between forcing someone into this sort of performance and artists who make their sexuality their subject matter. But “Beyond the Lights” is still an effective portrait of the toll Macy Jean’s ambition takes on her daughter. And it is a sad commentary on what the entertainment industry gives up by assuming that you cannot sell a great voice and a great song without pyrotechnics (“Beyond the Lights” itself is a rebuke to the conventional Hollywood wisdom that black stars are not a draw). Macy Jean’s growing confidence as an advocate for her daughter’s talent may be a subplot, but it is one of the more interesting elements of the movie.
“Men, Women & Children,” Jason Reitman’s glum, anxious movie about the Internet released earlier this fall, has another variant on the bad stage mom in the form of Donna Clint (Judy Greer), who expands the online portfolio meant to promote her teenage daughter, Hannah (Olivia Crocicchia), to talent scouts into a modeling business, selling photos of the scantily clad girl to older men.
Unlike Macy Jean, Donna is something of an innocent, or at least very good at self-deception. She has convinced herself that the sessions are harmless, and slowly begins to realize that she might be in legal, as well as moral, trouble.
But the worst moment for Donna is the one in which she recognizes that she has diverted Hannah’s talents, such as they are, toward a pure search for attention. “That show and that Web site, that’s not what you want to do,” Donna tells her daughter. “Yes it is!” Hannah insists. She has become indifferent to the kind of work she does or the way she presents herself, as long as it nets her attention.
If there is something undeniably sour about these Bad Mommy characters and the way they sexualize their daughters, fathers fail their talented children, too, whether from passivity or an overabundance of judgment and aggression.
“Whiplash” has attracted the most attention for director Damien Chazelle’s portrait of the relationship between young drummer Andrew (Miles Teller) and his abusive teacher, Fletcher (J.K. Simmons), and the suggestion that ugly behavior helps talent develop . While Simmons gives the more pyrotechnic performance, Paul Reiser takes a sad, subdued turn as Andrew’s father, Jim.
When the movie begins, Jim and Andrew have a companionable routine of dinners and trips to the cinema. But as Andrew is drawn into Fletcher’s influence, Jim begins to lose his son. After an incident in which Fletcher encourages Andrew to put himself in danger to make a concert, Jim works with his son and the parents of another one of Fletcher’s students, who committed suicide because of the way Fletcher berated him, to have Fletcher fired.
Ultimately, though, Jim does not have an alternative vision of Andrew’s life to offer his son, though. Andrew chooses perpetual battle with his teacher over his communion with his father. Jim is a decent man. But he is not a strong enough personality to convince Andrew that he can both be an excellent drummer and a happy, balanced adult.
Jim may fail to save Andrew, but the alternative is not necessarily better. In Bill Pohlad’s excellent Brian Wilson biopic “Love & Mercy,” Murry Wilson (Bill Camp) constantly tears down his son, played as a young man by Paul Dano. Like Macy Jean, Murry has a relentlessly commercial instinct. “Do you like it, Dad?” Brian wants to know after playing his father an early cut of “God Only Knows.” “It’s not like a Beach Boys song,” Murry tells him coldly. “Your brothers are going to hate it.”
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Will Harry Reids moves be enoughBy Jena McGregor November 14 Follow @jenamcgregor
(Chip Somodevilla-Getty Images)
The Democratic party was run over  in the midterm elections , giving up  at least eight seats in the Senate. In some cases, they lost races they were supposed to win, and in others they lost by wide margins in contests that were supposed to be close.
So what does this newly chastened and humbled party do to show a fresh face to voters? It chooses the same person to helm the party as minority leader, naturally.
Sen. Harry Reid  (D-Nev.) was re-elected to the top spot in his party's caucus on Thursday, but not without at least six votes against him and some pretty vocal opposition  by his colleagues. Even some who supported Reid didn't exactly sound a note of confidence. As Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) told Politico : “There wasn’t anyone else running.” 
Reid, apparently aware things can't just stay the same after the midterm lashing, is making some changes. "We’re going to do things a little differently, a little different approach,” he told the Post as he left the Old Senate Chamber on Thursday night. In an  attempt  to expand and bolster his leadership team, he created an entirely new post for Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), the popular progressive voice, and appointed Sen. Jon Tester (D-Mont.) to chair the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. Tester's 2012 victory  was seen as a blueprint for Democrats who hail from conservative states.
Reports say Reid will also open up weekly leadership meetings and policy lunches, and that he intends to let more Democrats take the wheel on specific issues, as well as to free up the process for amendments.
But will all this be enough? Warren's role, at least for now, seems ill-defined , and apparently came as a surprise to many Senate Democrats. And while more open meetings and lunches within the caucus should help, they won't correct the uneasy relationship between Reid and now Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) that has left so many senators feeling like bit players in a dysfunctional system. The relationship between the two men has broken down so much, the Post's Paul Kane wrote in July, it has "almost immobilized the Senate."
And so, here we are. A decisive midterm election is now over, and the same two men are still in charge, only with their roles reversed. It will be tempting for McConnell, who has reached the goal of becoming majority leader, to turn the tables on his longtime opponent. And Reid will need to adjust to his new role without a loser's spite. Given the battles between the two men, which have been described as akin to "divorce proceedings between a couple who loathe each other," that won't be easy.
Perhaps Reid's experience at the helm — and how well he knows the way McConnell works — will pay off. And the midterm losses may have been as much about President Obama as they were about a dysfunctional Congress. But until Reid and McConnell can find a way to bridge their divide, the Democratic party is going to have a hard time putting a fresh face on what for now continues to look like a lot more of the same.
Read also:
Like On Leadership ? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter .
Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section.

US Rig Count up 3 to 1 928At least three people died Friday in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Is the cost of college really starting to plateauBy Danielle Douglas-Gabriel November 14 Follow @DaniDougPost
(AP Photo/Northwest Florida Daily, Nick Tomecek)
After years of seeing the cost of college skyrocket, parents and students may finally be getting a break, according to new numbers released  this week by the College Board. Researchers found that average increases in college tuition and fees in the past year were lower than those recorded in the past five years, the past 10 years and the past 30 years. Costs still outpaced the current rate of inflation, but they signal some shift in pricing trends.
For the second year in a row sticker prices are up less than 1 percent after inflation, compared to the 9.5 percent increased recorded in the 2009-2010 academic year.
The story gets even better when you look at net prices--the amount left over after financial aid discounts and tax credits. Average net tuition and fees at four-year public colleges was $3,030 this fall, a 4 percent drop from two year ago after inflation. When you factor in room and board, that net price climbs to $12,800, a 1 percent increase over the same time period.
Even pricey private nonprofit colleges have seen net prices level off. Average net tuition and fees this fall was $12,360, up from an inflation-adjusted $12,120 the prior year. Including room and board, the net price rose from $22,990 to $23,550. Meanwhile, listed tuition and fees at private schools crept up 1.6 percent to $31,231 after inflation, a smaller increase than the prior two years.
Still, the fact remains that students enrolling in four-year state schools this year will pay three times more than what people paid in in the 1984. And with incomes declining over the past decade for all but the highest-earning families, it will take years of steady declines in college costs for students and parents to really feel any true relief.
Families do appear to be borrowing less than before. Students and parents took out $106 billion in loans in 2013-2014, down nearly 8 percent from the previous year after accounting for inflation, and down 13 percent from a peak $122.1 billion in 2010-2011. This could be the result of families saving more money with the economy improving. It could also be the result of people becoming more wary of taking on debt to pay for an education, when the return on that investment isn't so clear to them.
But the biggest reason for the dip is likely that the figures are coming down from a huge peak during the Great Recession, when states began slashing their budgets and the federal government had to step in. Federal grant aid soared 128 percent from $23.1 billion in 2007-08 to $52.6 billion in 2010-11, while education tax credits and deductions climbed from $7.5 billion to $20.5 billion over the same period.
Still, students with bachelor's degrees graduated in 2013 with an average $28,400 in debt, two percent higher than the previous class, according to another report released this week, this one from the Project on Student Debt at the Institute for College Access & Success. And the actual debt level could be even higher if for-profit colleges were factored in since students at those institutions tend to borrow more; for-profit schools declined to give their data to the researchers.
There's only one state in the country — New Mexico — with an average amount of debt among college graduates that's less than $20,000. Graduates in New Hampshire, a state that recently cut grant aid, left school in 2013 with an average $32,795 in debt.
So while the cost of going to college is flattening, it's still a big stretch for average American families whose wages haven't grown nearly as much to keep up. For those families, taking out five-figure debt is still very much the norm.
Related:
Have questions about student financial aid? Send them to danielle.douglas@washpost.com.
 

Squatters resist eviction  attack two policestationsAlipore police station after some TMC supporters attacked it on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Subham Dutta)
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:34 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 3:35 am
In two separate incidents, two groups of people, including one led by a local Trinamool Congress leader, Friday attacked as many police stations in the city and allegedly assaulted personnel on duty, leaving several injured.
In the first incident, a group of people allegedly owing allegiance to the ruling Trinamool Congress attacked Alipore police station to protest against eviction of squatters from a slum located near Surya Sen colony and Presidency Correctional Home for Women.
The attackers threw stones at the police station and thrashed the security personnel with sticks snatched from them. Local TV channels showed video clips of some policemen taking cover under a table and stacks of files to save themselves.
The situation could be brought under control when additional forces were rushed in and chased away the mob from the police station. The slum dwellers, however, blocked the road in front of the Bhawani Bhavan – which houses state police and CID headquarters. The blockade was lifted after senior police officials and state Public Works Department (PWD) spoke to the crowd.
No arrest has been made yet, Murli Dhar Sharma, DC , south division said, adding cases have been started on charges of rioting and damaging government property.
Tension erupted in the morning when a PWD team accompanied by a police personnel reached the slum close to the Alipore police station and tried to evict the squatters from a piece of government land identified for construction of a stadium. The slum dwellers started agitating in the area and claimed that they were given ‘patta’ – a legal document attesting to the actual owner of a plot of land -by the previous Left Front government. While PWD officials put the eviction process on hold, the police picked up at least 10 protesters and brought them to the police station, which led to the mob outrage.
The locals claimed that local TMC leader Pratap Saha had led the attack.
Contacted, Urban Development Minister and local MLA Firhad Hakim refused to acknowledge that the police station was attacked. “The police station was not attacked. No police personnel was attacked and injured in the incident,” he said.
Ward No. 74 councillor, Pratap Biswas,  however, said, “I know that the land is disputed. It is a vested land and has been encroached upon. But, had no information about the PWD team visiting the spot or about any eviction drive in the area”.
In another attack, a sergeant of Garfa police station Sourav Bhattacharya was severely beaten up and injured by a group of hawkers belonging to the Hawkers Sangram Committee who were protesting against eviction from an area on the E M Bypass near Avishikta-2 Housing Estate.
City police sources said that the incident took place when the local police were conducting a “drive” to evict the continued…

Bangladesh take lead after Jubairfive-forPrint
Chittagong | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:26 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 7:55 am
Young leg-spinner Jubair Hossain grabbed a five-wicket haul in only his third Test to hand Bangladesh the advantage in the third and final Test against Zimbabwe in Chittagong. The 19-year-old finished with 5-96 as Bangladesh, hoping to sweep the series 3-0, dismissed Zimbabwe for 374 runs on the third day to gain a 129-run lead. The hosts extended the overall lead to 152 runs after reaching 23-0 in their second knock by stumps.
Elton Chigumbura (88), Sikandar Raza (82), Hamilton Masakadza (81) and Regis Chakabva (65) settled in for Zimbabwe, but all three failed to convert the starts into centuries. When the tourists resumed at 113-1 in reply to Bangladesh’s 503, the overnight pair of Raza and Masakadza put on 160 runs, Zimbabwe’s highest partnership for the second wicket. It surpassed the 135 by Mark Dekker and Alastair Campbell against Pakistan in 1993.
Seamer Shafiul Islam trapped Masakadza leg-before and, three overs later, Jubair put Zimbabwe on the back foot with the wickets of skipper Brendan Taylor and Raza in the space of three balls. Zimbabwe, who went to lunch at 200-4, lost Craig Ervine’s (14) soon after resumption, but Chigumbura and Chakabva added 113 runs for the sixth wicket to help their team avoid the follow-on.
Brief scores: B’desh 503 & 23/0 vs Zimbabwe 374 in 106 ovs (S Raza 82, H Masakadza 81, E Chigumbura 88, J Hossain 5-96).
 

Prince William  Kate to visit New York nextmonthBritish royal officials say Prince William and his wife, Kate, are traveling to the United States next month.
By: Associated Press | London | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:26 am
British royal officials say Prince William and his wife, Kate, are traveling to the United States next month on a trip that includes visits to the National September 11 Memorial and an NBA basketball game.
The visit, from December 7 to December 9, will be based in New York, although William will travel to Washington, DC, on his own on December 8 to attend a conference against the trade in illegal wildlife parts.
The Duchess of Cambridge will visit a child development center, accompanied by New York City’s first lady Chirlane McCray.
The royal couple will both visit the September 11 memorial, attend the NBA game and tour a youth organisation together. The trip wraps up with a gala dinner at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

Civilian killed during shootout  locals say he died of ArmybulletPrint
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:24 am
Two militants and a civilian were killed in an encounter between security forces and Lashkar-e-Toiba operatives on Friday at Chenigam in Kulgam district of Jammu and Kashmir. Locals, however, alleged that the civilian died when the security forces opened fire at protestors.
DIG (South Kashmir) Alok Kumar told The Indian Express that the two militants were killed during a gunbattle, which started Thursday night. “During the encounter, two Army personnel, and a CRPF man sustained injuries,” he said, adding the civilian, cousin of one of the slain militants, was wounded during cross-firing and later succumbed to injuries.
A police spokesman in Srinagar said that acting on tip-off, the security personnel cordoned off the area and launched a search operation. “The joint party was fired upon by militants, triggering an encounter,” he said, adding arms and ammunition have been recovered from the site.
The police official said that as the security forces were retrieving the bodies from the encounter site, an injured militant rose from the debris and started firing at them, leaving the three security personnel and the civilian injured.
Soon after the joint forces left the area, people took to streets and started protesting against the Army and the police. The villagers alleged that the security personnel fired at the protestors that left Tariq Ahmad Bhat dead.
The civilian was the cousin of slain militant Abbas Malla. The other militant killed in the encounter has been identified as Manzoor ul Haq.
The police said that Abbas had joined LeT in 2013 and was involved in the attack on a police party at Arwani and the recent bid on a CRPF team at Lavdora in Qazigund.
Haq is said to be involved in the murder of a civilian in Shopian in Maya and also an attack on CRPF personnel.

Postponing AGM against the rules  saysManoharFormer BCCI president is a staunch critic of N Srinivasan who is now currently the ICC chairman. (Source: AP)
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:22 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 10:07 am
Former BCCI president Shashank Manohar has flayed N Srinivasan, while saying that the constitution of the Indian cricket board doesn’t allow a postponement of the Annual General Meeting once the date has been decided by the working committee. This follows the Supreme Court’s disclosure that four individuals connected to Indian cricket, including ICC chairman and BCCI’s sidelined-president N Srinivasan, have been named in the Mudgal report.
“During the hearing before the Supreme Court, the names of N Srinivasan, Sundar Raman, (Gurunath) Meiyappan and Raj Kundra are disclosed. This means that the said persons are prima facie indicted in the report,” said Manohar in a release.
“Mr Srinivasan, the president of BCCI has been prohibited from participating in the functioning of the Board since the last several months.
In spite of being prohibited, he continues to run the Board, which is amply evident from the Board functioning,” he added.
Manohar, who headed BCCI from 2008 to 2011, said the date of the AGM can’t be altered once it is decided by the working committee.
“The working committee meeting (in September) fixed the date of the AGM as of November 20 probably hoping that the names of Mr N Srinivasan and Meiyappan would be cleared. However, it appears that during today’s hearing, as soon as the names of Srinivasan and Meiyappan were disclosed, the counsel for the Board made a request for the postponement of the AGM and elections scheduled to be held on November 20. Once the date of the AGM is fixed by the working committee, the same could not and cannot be altered by any office bearer.
“It is thus evident that the instructions given to the Board counsel are only with an intent to suit Mr Srinivasan as that would ensure he still remains a back seat driver. The moot question that needs to be answered is that who gave the Board counsel instructions to plead for postponement of the AGM? The second question that comes to mind, if the investigation/hearing pulls on for several years, then will the Board keep functioning under the same set up?”

Saradha accused survives suicide bid  but how did he get thepillsKunal Ghosh being taken to SSKM hospital in Kolkata. (Source: Express )
Written by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:19 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 11:44 am
Did he actually swallow 30-40 sleeping pills? Did he then walk up to the vehicle that carried him to hospital? Who gave him the pills?
Hours after doctors at Kolkata’s SSKM hospital had “washed” his stomach and “stabilised” the health of Kunal Ghosh, a prime accused in the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam and once a high-profile face of Mamata Banerjee’s Trinamool Congress, police and doctors have begun to put together little pieces of the big suicide puzzle.
Consider these:
– Senior doctors at the hospital have privately questioned whether Ghosh actually consumed the 30 sleeping pills as he has claimed in a statement.
– Based on preliminary probe reports, Chief Minister Banerjee told the West Bengal Assembly that Ghosh had walked up to the vehicle that brought him to the hospital. He might have taken about 10 pills, she added.
– According to sources at the Presidency Correctional Home, where Ghosh consumed the pills, the suspended MP had bought two strips of alprazolam from the medical shop at the facility recently. One strip was recovered from his cell in the high security zone, after the suicide attempt.
Investigators and doctors are now awaiting further tests to unearth more details about the episode.
The government, meanwhile, has initiated an investigation and taken action against a number of officials. Four days ago, Ghosh had warned reporters outside a local court complex that he would commit suicide with the next three days because he claimed the CBI, which is investigating the scam, did not arrest the “real culprits”.
The CM has also suspended the superintendent of the correctional home and the doctor who prescribed the sleeping pills for Ghosh. She has also asked the State Home Secretary Basudeb Banerjee to head the inquiry committee. “The Home Secretary is probing the matter and no one will be spared if he or she is found guilty in this case. The CBI has already filed a chargesheet,’’ she said.
The CBI is learnt to have sought an explanation from the state jail department and asked the government to step up security for Ghosh.
Local police, meanwhile, are questioning the guard deployed outside Ghosh’s cell to determine how he could consume so many pills. The jail department has also formed a committee to probe how the medical shop sold two strips of sleeping pills to Ghosh, when he was known to have been suffering from “acute depression”.
According to sources, Ghosh had been worried over the last few days about his mother whose health condition has been described as critical. They added that three suicide notes were recovered from his cell – two of them were addressed to the chief justices of Supreme Court and Kolkata High Court, and another to “common people”.
Ghosh’s lawyer Soumyajit Raha said that his client had suffered an “emotional breakdown” inside the court room on November 10, when he first issued the suicide threat. Raha added that Ghosh had claimed that the names he had mentioned to CBI in the case did not figure in the first chargesheet submitted by the agency.
The suicide attempt came to light in the early hours Friday when prison guards noticed Ghosh lying in his cell in an “abnormal position”. He was immediately moved to the SSKM hospital – at about 3 am – where he told doctors that he had consumed about 30-40 sleeping pills.
“He was drowsy when he was admitted,” said Pradip Mitra, director, SSKM hospital. “There was a chance he might had suffered some sort of poisoning. However, we washed his stomach immediately. We will send the contents to the forensic laboratory. Kunal Ghosh in his statement has said that he had taken around 30 to 40 pills.”
With the suicide attempt hitting the national headlines, the political fallout was immediate.
“When the person was repeatedly issuing threats of committing suicide, the government should have provided him with adequate security, but it did not do so and this is gross negligence on its part,’’ CPI(M)’s Surya Kanta Mishra, leader of opposition, said.
West Bengal Pradesh Congress president Adhir Chowdhury said that it would have helped Trinamool Congress if Ghosh had died. “The TMC would have benefitted because Kunal had been taking names in the case to the CBI,” he said.
BJP spokesperson Siddarthnath Singh, too, alleged that it was not a “suicide bid” but a “political conspiracy to get rid of Kunal Ghosh who had been naming the Saradha culprits for a long time.”
GHOSH & THE SCAM
* Kunal Ghosh was chief executive of the media organisations owned by the Saradha group and was arrested on November 24, 2013.
* The day before his arrest, he had claimed that police had ignored other TMC leaders with links to Saradha chairman Sudipta Sen. Ghosh also wrote a 21-page letter to CBI and Enforcement Directorate, mentioning the names of those he alleged were involved in the scam.
* Within two hours of his arrest, Ghosh named 12 people in a Facebook post, claiming that they – including four TMC MPs and CM Mamata Banerjee — could help police unravel the scam.
* A total of 36 cases were lodged against Ghosh subsequently – the attempt to suicide case lodged Friday has added one more to the list. While two cases were lodged by CBI, the rest were registered by employees of Saradha’s media ventures regarding non-payment of financial dues.
* Ghosh was granted bail in 35 cases barring the one registered by CBI in connection with the chit fund scam.

Political boundaries  differences in opinion cant confineNehruMamata pays tribute to Nehru at West Bengal Assembly, in Kolkata on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Subham Dutta)
Written by Sabyasachi Bandopadhyay | Kolkata | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:15 am
In her tribute to the country’s first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru on his 125th birthday celebration at the state assembly on Friday, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee called him “a true statesman who was the architect of a modern, secular India”.
“There can be differences in opinion but those who are great will always be remembered by the masses. People like Nehru cannot be confined to any political boundary. He talked of unity in diversity, he was a true socialist. I salute to him,” the chief minister said.
Leader of Opposition in the Assembly, Surya Kanta Mishra, said Nehru, and particularly his secular role, is still very much relevant in today’s India.
Mamata also spent time with school children at her Assembly chamber on the occasion of Children’s Day and also unveiled a portrait of Matangini Hazra at the Assembly. “People like Matangini Hazra, who laid their lives for the nation, are an example for us to follow,” she said.
The chief minister, after the ceremony, also spoke about her upcoming visit to New Delhi on the invitation by Congress president Sonia Gandhi to attend Nehru’s birthday centenary celebration.
“There was this closing ceremony of the Kolkata Film Festival on November 17 which I was supposed to attend. But the invitation (from Sonia Gandhi) to join Nehruji’s birthday came along with a call from Ahmed Patelji (Gandhi’s political secretary) to join the ceremony in Delhi. So I cancelled my visit to the film festival and decided to go to Delhi,” she said.
The CM will leave for Delhi on November 16, two days before her planned visit to the national capital where she was expected to invite President Pranab Mukherjee to join the Biswa Bangla Sanmelan (global summit for investors) to be organised by the West Bengal government on January 7 and 8 in Kolkata.
The Congress’s ceremony in Delhi will also likely be attended by CPI(M) politburo member Sitaram Yechury who will share the dais with the chief minister.

Jana Partners takes stake in McDonald sJana Partners takes stake in McDonald's
Jana holds more than 840,000 shares of McDonald's
$MCD shares up after Jana announces stake
Activist hedge fund Jana Partners has disclosed a purchase of McDonald's shares, sending the stock of the world's largest restaurant company up 0.8 percent.
8
Jana now holds 842,268 shares of McDonald's plus an option to buy up to 200,000 more shares, according to a filing the New York-based firm submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Shares of McDonald's, which have underperformed the broader market this year, climbed as high as $97.18 on Friday and ended the day at $96.21.
Did Jana Partners seal Dominick's fate? Open link
Jana's 842,268 shares are valued at more than $81 million based on Friday's close. The firm declined to comment on its investment.
"We welcome all investments in McDonald's," Oak Brook-based McDonald's said in a statement. "As always, our focus is on maximizing shareholder value through initiatives that ultimately benefit our customers."
The company has had a string of disappointing sales in recent quarters and is working on a variety of strategies ranging from customizable burgers to updated technology to entice diners.

The week that was: Turkey prices up this year
IITM works on climate model for IPCCmeetThis will be the first time India will be putting up a model at the event, IITM officials said (Source: Express archive)
Written by Nisha Nambiar | Pune | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:31 am
It’s a shot in the arm for scientists at the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM) working on its earth system model (ESM). The long-term climate model has been authenticated by the American Meteorological Society and accepted it in bulletins and IITM experts are looking forward to the next Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change to present simulations based on the ESM model, which would be a first from India at IPCC.
“For the next IPCC, we should be able to participate and are working towards it. It will be the first time India will be putting up a model,” said acting IITM director Dr R Krishnan.
This will be a change from seasonal prediction to a long-term climate model covering all parameters — the model assesses data of nearly 100 years. The thrust being on Indian monsoon, the focus of building the ESM is mainly detection, attribution and projection of changes in the South Asian monsoon.
“It will be state-of-the-art seasonal prediction model, the Climate Forecast System version 2 adapted to a climate model suitable for extended climate simulations at IITM,” Krishnan explained. Former IITM director B N Goswami, part of the team, said CFS 2 has been successful in predicting Indian monsoon on seasonal time scales. This time it will be a century long simulation which will focus on the ocean model.
“Testing is on as it is a long-term project,” said Goswami.
CFS 2, though used for prediction of monsoon on seasonal time scales, a century long simulation shows biases in ocean mixed layer, resulting in a 1.5 degree Celsius variation in global mean surface air temperature, a cold bias in sea surface temperature and a cooler than observed troposphere which limits utility of the model to study climate change issues, he added.
To address these issues and develop Indian ESM, the ocean component was replaced with an improved version, he said.
It is the result of Indo-US collaboration and will contribute to IPCC simulations, a first from India. “This work documents newly-developed IITM climate model simulations, and demonstrates suitability to address climate variability and changes relevant to South Asian monsoon,” added the scientists.

Meanwhile  he tells EU: Wind of change  testitPM Modi and President of European Council, Herman Van Rompuy during a meeting in Brisbane, Australia on Friday on the sidelines of G 20 Summit. (Source: PTI)
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | Brisbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:29 am
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has assured European Council President Herman Von Rompuy that negotiations with the European Union on a trade agreement will not suffer because of a lack of “political will” in India.
India and EU have held 15 rounds of negotiations since 2007 on the Broadbased Trade and Investment Agreement (BITA) but have been unable to seal the deal.
During their meeting in Brisbane Friday, Von Rompuy told Modi that talks on BITA have stalled for over a year due to lack of political will in India. “He asked the Prime Minister to address this and intensify talks now so that the shared interests of India and the EU can be pushed further,” said an official from India’s Ministry of External Affairs.
To this, the official added, Prime Minister Modi replied: “There is a new wind of change. Test it for yourself.”
Stressing that his government aimed to take India up several notches in ease of doing business, Modi pointed out that during the last six months, it had allowed 100 per cent FDI in railways and 49 per cent FDI in defence.
As far was BITA is concerned, Modi said, India had its own concerns on certain aspects which need to be addressed and added that it was not possible to accommodate EU’s interests alone. The European Council President said the EU appreciated India’s concerns, but reiterated that a strong political could help resolve these issues.
The 28-member EU is India’s largest trading partner, accounting for 15 per cent of India’s total trade in goods and services. For the EU, India is the tenth largest trading partner. In 2011-12, India-EU trade stood at about $110 billion.
According to Indian government officials, India’s position is well-known. “We want greater market access for our services. And the EU is keen India slashes high duties on automobile imports from European countries,” the official said.
The EU has also been pushing for further cuts in duties of imported spirits and diary products. India wants a good deal on services, more flexibility in the movement of Indian professionals, smoother cross-border flow of IT and ITeS, and data secure status.
At an earlier bilateral meeting, UK Prime Minister David Cameron had also sought an early conclusion to the BITA talks. While Cameron pointed out that the agreement had been stuck for seven years, Modi said India would take a pragmatic view keeping in mind its interests.

Chhattisgarh sterilisation tragedy: Pharma firm was blacklisted 2 yrs ago  govt still bought drugs fromitThe Mahawar Pharma factory in Raipur. (Source: Express photo by Ashutosh Bhardwaj)
Written by Ashutosh Bhardwaj | Bilaspur | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:26 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 4:29 am
When Raman Singh’s Chhattisgarh government cracked down on Mahawar Pharmaceuticals Pvt Ltd for supplying drugs of “suspicious quality” for the laparoscopic tubectomies that led to 13 deaths in Bilaspur over the last week, it remained silent on a crucial detail.
On March 21, 2012, Health Minister Amar Agarwal had informed the State Assembly that the company had been found guilty of selling “duplicate generic drugs” and that “a case was registered against it on February 2, 2012 in the court of Chief Judicial Magistrate Raipur.”
Apart from the police case, records reveal that seven medicines supplied by this company had been banned by the state government for various reasons over different periods of time.
Yet, the state government continued to purchase drugs from the company which also owns a small factory operating from a residential colony of Raipur without even a signboard.
In the latest instance, the company had supplied an antibiotic — Ciprofloxacin — for the surgeries in Bilaspur, ironically the home district of Health Minister Agarwal.
Chief Minister Singh did not respond to requests for comment but Agarwal said that the drugs were purchased by a local official “at his individual level”.
“We did not purchase these medicines. These were purchased by the Bilaspur Chief Medical Officer at his individual level,” Amar Agarwal told The Indian Express.
However, government doctors have refuted the minister’s claim and said that the administration has been purchasing drugs from this company for over ten years.
Indicating the possibility that the drugs supplied for the camp may have been of inferior quality, Chhattisgarh Health Secretary Alok Shukla said, “It seems that it (the deaths) could be a case of Zinc Phosphate poisoning.”
While Agarwal sought to distance the government from Mahavir Pharma, the fact remains that the State Food and Drug Controller had awarded the company a Good Medical Practice certificate last year, an official acknowledgement of the “quality standards” maintained by the company.
Even the local police have said, in statements on the case, that the company had been supplying drugs to the government.
“A case under Section 420 has been filed against the company,” Raipur IG G P Singh said. “They were registered as manufacturers, but it was found that they did not manufacture here. They merely brought drugs from elsewhere and packaged here. They did not maintain many records either.”
Police have also arrested the company’s directors Mahesh Mahavar and his son Sumit Mahavar after the Food and Drug Controller sealed the company’s premises Thursday. The company has subsequently issued a statement claiming that it had never received any complaint about the antibiotic that it had supplied for the Bilaspur camp.
“We never sell to the government,” it said in a statement. “We sell to drug traders, who supply it to various agencies. This antibiotic is sold at many places. We have never received any complaint.”
In 2012, Agarwal had continued…

Comet Lander Starts Drilling; Batteries a WorryAt least three people died Friday in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Signal Reestablished With Philae Comet LanderAt least three people died Friday in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Greeces recession is over but unemployment is still 25.9 percentBy Matt O'Brien November 14 Follow @ObsoleteDogma
Source: Greece National Statistics; European Commission; Angus Maddison
It only took six years, but Greece's recession is finally over. Just don't call it a recovery just yet.
Indeed, according to the latest gross domestic product numbers , Greece's economy actually stopped shrinking at the start of the year. We didn't realize that before, because it just switched over from reporting GDP on a year-on-year to a quarter-on-quarter basis. So it turns out that it grew at a 3.2 percent annual pace in the first quarter, 1.2 percent in the second, and 2.8 percent in the most recent one. It's been enough to  send unemployment all the way down to ... 25.9 percent .
Thousands took part in an anti-austerity protest in Athens to mark the anniversary of a bloody student revolt in 1973. (Reuters)
Greece's depression, in other words, is still nowhere near done. You can see that easily enough in the chart above, which I've modified from The Economist . It compares Greece the past few years with what used to be the gold standard of economic catastrophe: the U.S. during the Great Depression. Now, Greece's economy fell marginally less than America's did back then — around 27 percent at its worst — but the biggest difference between the two is the slope of the recovery. The U.S., as you can see, rocketed back once FDR devalued the dollar and started spending more. Only the double whammy of premature fiscal and monetary tightening knocked it off track in 1937.
Greece, though, has gotten nothing but fiscal and monetary tightening. It has nobody to blame but itself for that first part. The Greek government, after all, wasn't forthcoming about how much it was spending during the boom, so it's had to cut its deficit from an unthinkable -19.1 percent of potential GDP to 1.6 percent today. (As point of comparison, the U.S. "only" cut its from -7.2 percent to -4 percent over the same period).
But even worse has been the ECB's see-no-depression, hear-no-depression approach to policymaking. Every step of the crisis, it's debated whether to do too little too late or too late too little, before deciding: yes. And that's not counting the times it's made things actively worse by raising rates, like it did twice in 2011 , to stamp out inflation that was already passing.
It's been barely enough to keep the common currency together, but not out of a Japanese-style lost decade. Indeed, Greek prices have been falling for over a year now, which has been both a cure and a disease. That's because lower wages have helped Greece regain a measure of competitiveness , while at the same time making debts harder to pay back. It'd be much better if the ECB would do its job, and keep inflation around 2 percent, so Greece could get its relative wages down without having to actually cut them. That way, Greece could actually recover within a generation.
But that's not the world the live in, which is why the European Commission thinks that Greece's comeback, like its collapse, will be nasty, brutish, and long. As you can see in the dotted line, the Commission projects that Greece's economy will still be 20 percent below its pre-crisis peak by the end of 2016. At that pace, it could take till 2022 or so for Greece to get all the way back to where it was in 2007.
In other words, Greece is only halfway through its Greatest Depression.
Matt O'Brien is a reporter for Wonkblog covering economic affairs. He was previously a senior associate editor at The Atlantic.

What Are Businesses Worried About Water
Jim Seida / NBC News file
Chhattisgarh Sterilisation Campdie-dozens...    Cached
Bilaspur: Eight women have died and some 30 are in a critical condition after mass sterilization at a camp organized by the Chhattisgarh government in ...
Independent probe demanded in Chhattisgarh sterilisation...
New KeralaDes 4 12:20 PM
A fact-finding team working on public health Monday called for an independent inquiry commission to probe into the Bilaspur sterilisation camp disaster and ascertain facts regarding the deaths of women.

J. Scott Applewhite / ASSOCIATED PRESS
Painless at the Pump: Feds Predict Gas Below $3 for 2015
Reaching out Down UnderThe long-term aim, of course, must be to take the relationship beyond just India and Australia.
Written by Manvendra Singh | Posted: November 14, 2014 12:32 am | Updated: November 14, 2014 7:05 am
On March 8, Malaysian Airlines’ night-time flight MH-370 from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing went missing a little less than an hour after take-off. The Boeing 777-200ER has not been traced since. The plane flew into Vietnamese airspace and is believed to have ended up in the southern Indian Ocean, far from its intended course and direction. This has been determined by technical means, pre-programmed pings shared between the aircraft and an overhead satellite. There was no other source or means of contact between the off-course aircraft and a human being or a man-made object. Human intervention is thought to be the only reason that the aircraft went off course, especially since it did some very strange things prior to vanishing. But that is not the purpose of this effort.
Among the 239 people on board were five Indians and a naturalised Canadian of Indian origin — in total, there were six people with ties to this land. Since a majority of the passengers were Chinese, most of the focus has naturally been on the tragedy that has unfolded there and, for obvious reasons, on the repercussions in Malaysia. When flight MH-370 went missing, India was already in election mode, with most of the attention on the hustings. Whatever little notice was paid to the tragedy quickly evaporated. There is now an opportunity to rectify that error, that lapse of application.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is visiting Australia, the first Indian head of government to do so in 28 years. This visit provides an excellent opportunity to rectify the mistake we made earlier this year. Since MH-370 most likely went missing in the southern Indian Ocean, Australia has been designated as the lead country in the search for the aircraft. After many attempts, the search has now been narrowed down to an area about 60,000 square kilometres large, some 2,000 kilometres west of Perth. Renewed search efforts, with a newly contracted Dutch company, began on October 5. A total of about $ 56 million has been earmarked as the budget for the search, peanuts when human lives are at stake. There is every reason for Modi to offer Indian support and help, manpower as well as material, for the search.
The Indian navy should have been dispatched as soon as it became clear that the flight ended up in the Indian Ocean. Given that it considers the Indian Ocean to be an area of its responsibility and its core concern, it is unacceptable that the navy is not part of the search efforts. The navy is responsible for every Indian citizen on the seas, even those missing for a period of several months. Naval survey ships or any other asset deemed useful should have been dispatched a long while back. There continued…

A just India  by just meansNehru marked the 20th century with his presence.
Written by K Natwar Singh | Posted: November 14, 2014 12:31 am | Updated: November 14, 2014 9:59 am
Jawaharlal Nehru’s two speeches “A tryst with destiny” and “The light has gone out” are famous. What is not known is the statement Nehru made at his trial in Gorakhpur on November 4, 1940: “It is not me that you are seeking to judge and condemn, but rather hundreds of millions of the people of India and that is a large task even for a proud empire. Perhaps it may be that, though I am standing before you in my trial, it is the British Empire itself that is on its trial before the bar of the world. Individuals count for little, they come and go, as I shall go when my time is up. Seven times I have been tried and convicted by British authority in India, and many years of my life lie buried within prison walls. An eighth time or ninth, and a few more years, make little difference. But it is no small matter what happens to India and her millions of sons and daughters. That is the issue before me, and that ultimately is the issue before you, Sir.” Here is superb English.
An unseemly debate is taking place — who was the greater man, Nehru or Patel. Both were great. On August 15, 1947, Nehru was three months short of his 58th birthday. Patel was 72. He passed away on December 15, 1950. He was 75. Granted, he would have been a better PM than Nehru. The fact remains that he died in December 1950. Who would have succeeded him? Inevitably, Nehru.
Nehru was certainly a great man. What are the criteria for calling a man great? Isaiah Berlin, the Oxford philosopher, gave this definition:
“To call someone a great man is to claim that he has intentionally taken a large step beyond the normal capacities of men, in satisfying or materially affecting central human interests… permanently and radically alters the outlook and values of a significant body of human beings.” Nehru passes the test with flying colours.
Nehru marked the 20th century with his presence. He radically altered the outlook and values of many people in India and all over the colonial world. The “weapons” he used were truth, decency and sincerity. Nehru, idealist though he was, had an acute sense of reality and an appreciation of the values of our heritage.
Nehru read history, wrote history and made history. But history has been unkind to him. All the ills of contemporary India are attributed to him. The unkindest cut of all is that he was responsible for Partition. This is cant. Sardar Patel, Rajaji and Rajendra Prasad were equally responsible. This is a historical fact and the truth.
Another historical fact is never mentioned. Nehru’s first, 14-member cabinet included six non-Congressmen — B.R. Ambedkar, Syama Prasad Mookerjee, John Mathai, Baldev Singh, Shanmukham Chetty and C.H. Bhabha. The surprising inclusion was that of Ambedkar, who had been a severe critic of continued…

More than half of Americas poorest households still dont get the Internet at homeBy Andrea Peterson November 13 Follow @kansasalps
Internet use is so ubiquitous that many Americans take it for granted. But a shockingly large number of America's poorest households live without it.
More than 80 percent of American households owned a computer and just shy of 75 percent had an Internet subscription in 2013, according to a new  report by  the U.S. Census Bureau based on the American Community Survey. 
There are some pretty clear demographic trends among who is most up to speed with the digital times, the Census Bureau found.
Household computer ownership and Internet use were most common in homes with relatively young householders, in households with Asian or White householders, in households with high incomes, in metropolitan areas, and in homes where householders received relatively high levels of educational attainment.
Income was among the most important factors for whether or not Americans had access to the Internet at home.
(U.S. Census Bureau)
Nearly 95 percent of households bringing in $150,000 or more per year lived in homes where someone had some sort of an Internet subscription. But less than half of U.S. households making less than $25,000 per year did. The Internet-income gap is even larger than the Internet age-gap, but was roughly on par with the gap related to educational attainment. Only 43.8 percent of householders with less than a high school degree lived in homes with Internet access versus more than 90 percent of householders with at least a bachelor's degree.
The vast majority of connected households now have broadband connections. Cable modems were by far the most common type of Internet subscription, with 42.8 percent of households, while roughly a third of households rely on mobile broadband subscriptions.
(U.S. Census)
Just 1 percent of households were still using dial-up. (Perhaps, these are the  straggling AOL dial-up subscribers ?)
Have more to say on this topic? Join us today for our weekly live chat, Switchback. We'll kick things off at 11 a.m. Eastern time. You can submit your questions now,  right here .
Andrea Peterson covers technology policy for The Washington Post, with an emphasis on cybersecurity, consumer privacy, transparency, surveillance and open government.

Sukhbir raids Mohali police station  suspends SHO  ASI and 3 othersSukhbir Singh Badal.
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: November 14, 2014 5:06 am
Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal has ordered immediate suspension of five police personnel, including the SHO and ASI of Mohali Phase 1 police station, after conducting a surprise check during which all but one staff member were found absent from duty. He also put Mohali SSP Inder Mohan Singh on notice.
Disclosing this here, the Deputy CM’s media advisor Jangveer Singh said that Sukhbir, who took a round of Mohali alone in a private car, decided to check the police station when he did not find any police personnel on duty at the traffic lights as well as the prominent roundabouts.
When Sukhbir arrived at the police station in Sector 57 around 9.45 pm, he found only one police personnel, the ‘munshi’ (clerk). He immediately called Mohali SSP I M S Bhatti and DIG R K Jaiswal to the spot to take a report on the running of police stations in the city.
Jangveer said that Sukhbir had made it clear to the district administration that he would not tolerate any laxity in provision of services to the common man. “SSP Bhatti has been put on notice and has been asked to inquire and submit why the police station was not manned as per the strength available,” he said.
Those suspended include SHO Pawan Kumar and an ASI of the police station.
Sukhbir also sat at the police station and held a meeting with senior police officers. “He gave a clear signal to the officers that they must be seen to perform for the welfare of the people or be ready to perish,” said the media advisor.
The Deputy CM said that he would take feedback from the people about police and civil functioning to tone up the administration and ensure it rises to the aspirations of the common man. “Anyone found wanting will have to make way immediately,” he added.

Clash between locals and cops in sensitive old VadodaraPrint
By: Express News Service | Vadodara | Posted: November 14, 2014 4:49 am
The old city area of Vadodara witnessed a clash between some locals and cops on night patrol close to midnight on Thursday, resulting in police firing one round in the air and several tear gas shells.
According to eye-witnesses, the clash began when cops on night patrol, lead by a Police Inspector of Panigate police station moved in to close down eateries that were still running after 11pm. Locals claim that angry residents reacted after cops began thrashing innocent stall owners in the Panigate and Yakutpura area of Vadodara.
Police have fired one round while several tear gas shells were lobed to dispersed the crowds. A police officer patroling the area said, “The situation is under control. Action will be taken against stall owners who refused to obey orders to shut and got violent with the police, causing damage to property around.
There was no communal tension and the city is peaceful now.”
The old city has witnessed a spate of communal clashes since Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations in September.

BJP state incharge Mathur sets target of 1.5 crore membersBJP state incharge Om Mathur with party’s state chief Laxmikant Bajpayee and Mayor Dinesh Sharma in Lucknow on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Vishal Srivastav)
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: November 14, 2014 1:59 am
On his first visit to UP, the new in-charge of state BJP unit Om Prakash Mathur on Thursday directed party workers to make 1.5 crore members in the state and communicate the achievements of Narendra Modi government to the ground level to create base for formation of a BJP-led government in the state after 2017 Assembly polls.
Mathur also launched the digital membership campaign that will conclude on December 31 and will be followed by off-line membership which will continue till March 31.
Mathur said people from all sections of the society were expressing willingness to join BJP  after formation of Modi-led government in the Centre. Mathur also said that all the new members will be given responsibility in the party ahead of Assembly polls.
National in-charge of membership campaign and Lucknow mayor Dinesh Sharma said the PM had started the membership campaign on November 1 and so far over 55 lakh people have joined the party. He also said party membership taken on-line will be free of cost.
Party national joint secretary (organisation) Shiv Prakash said that PM has set a target to make at least 100 primary members at every booth and these members will hold responsibility of booth management during the polls.
Party state general secretary (organisation) Sunil Bansal said any person who will make at least 100 members join the party, will be called ‘active member’. Bansal said the target will be to make minimum 30,000 members in each Assembly segment of the state. Bansal also said that workshops would be organised at regional levels about the membership campaign.
Responding to queries of media persons after launching the digital membership campaign, Mathur said that he will convince all those leaders who are staying away from the party activities as they were not happy with party for some or other reasons. Mathur said that giving responsibility to every worker will be his formula to win Assembly elections in the state.

DDA razes 40 illegal homes in JasolaPrint
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 14, 2014 1:31 am
The Delhi Development Authority on Thursday demolished a settlement of 40 houses in southeast Delhi’s Jasola, which it claimed were illegally encroaching DDA land. Local Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leaders and residents, however, claimed the demolition was in violation of a 2005 court order.
DDA officials oversaw the demolition, which took around one hour from 2.30 pm to 3.30 pm.
“We are not entitled to give any prior notice to residents before demolishing illegal and unauthorised encroachments. All demolitions are done in accordance with rules and in compliance with court orders, if any,” a DDA spokesperson said.
However, advocate Shahid Ali said, “Court orders of 2005 say that the DDA cannot demolish the housing structures without prior intimation.
The demolition is in violation of this order.”
Southeast Delhi police were deployed to maintain law and order and provide protection while the demolition was on.
Residents who lost their homes said they had been living in the area for over two decades.
Most of the affected families, whose houses were brick structures, earn their livelihood by making and selling brooms in different parts of the capital.
Moharvati Devi (61) said, “I got married and came to live here in 1986. I had my children here and they grew up here too. I lost my husband while living in this house. It has been nearly 30 years. Now they break our houses. Where will we go after this?”

Congress in attack mode  to meet Governor todaySenior Cong leaders squatted on the steps of Vidhan Bhavan and shouted slogans Wednesday.
Written by Kavitha Iyer | Mumbai | Posted: November 14, 2014 2:12 am
If there were doubts raised on why Congress legislators did not react strongly and speedily during the controversial trust vote for the Devendra Fadnavis government Wednesday, the party has now decided to gloss over those with an all-new aggression against the BJP.
Sniffing an opportunity in the disquiet against the apparent lack of transparency in the voice vote, the party has decided to strategically target BJP for what it calls an unconstitutional move on the floor of the Assembly. MPCC chief Manikrao Thakre said the Congress was examining all aspects of the trust vote, adding that the party would soon come out with a specific course of action to “seek justice” and “ensure the upholding of Constitutional provisions”.
With its 121 MLAs and 14-odd MLAs from among the Independents and smaller parties, the BJP would fall short of the 145-mark in the Vidhan Sabha without the support of the NCP. Congress leaders Thursday said the strategy was not really to question the numbers the BJP claimed to have on the floor of the house, but a ploy to put the BJP on the mat for having accepted the active or latent support of the NCP.
Former chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said the party was extremely unhappy with the lack of transparency in the voice vote procedure.
“The hypocrisy of the BJP regarding the NCP is totally exposed. The BJP owes an answer to the people of Maharashtra,” Chavan said. He added that the party’s strategy was now to be an extremely active Opposition party, but not one that was obstructionist. “We will support policies and decisions that are for the welfare of the people,” he said.
At least part of the Congress’s protest is only posturing, leaders accept. “Nobody wants a poll, but let the BJP admit that it doesn’t have the mandate without the support of a party they termed the Naturally Corrupt Party,” said a former minister.
With the Shiv Sena’s objective appearing muddy, with the party expecting to join the government till as late as Tuesday night before the trust vote, the Congress finds itself gifted with a windfall opportunity to occupy the space of the most belligerent and coherent Opposition. It also appeared that the highly faction-ridden party somehow got its act together through Wednesday and Thursday. While politicians, media and Vidhan Bhavan staff saw the unlikely sight of senior Congress leaders, including Chavan who seemed distinctly uncomfortable in the role, squatting on the steps of the Vidhan Bhavan and shouting slogans, the party appeared to have put its various internal differences aside for now.
Rajya Sabha MP and former Planning Commission member Dr Bhalchandra Mungekar said the point of contention was that the voice vote procedure itself was not completed correctly. “The Speaker must hear those who say they support the motion, and must continued…

Away from the photo opsLong before the prime minister exhorted children to pick up a broom and do their civic duty to keep India clean, thousands of children have in fact already been keeping India clean. (Source: AP)
Posted: November 14, 2014 12:53 am
By: Atiya Bose 
At the launch of the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan last month, thousands of children and youth solemnly took the pledge: “Ab hamara kartavya hain ki gandagi ko door karke Bharat Mata ki sewa karein. (Now it is our duty to serve Mother India by getting rid of dirt.)” Every citizen must do their rightful civic duty and work to clean India for two hours every week for a total of 100 hours a year. Fired up by this, dozens of schools have organised events at which children have been encouraged to pick up a broom and start cleaning.
Here’s the irony: Long before the prime minister exhorted children to pick up a broom and do their civic duty to keep India clean, thousands of children have in fact already been keeping India clean. They don’t do it for any lofty ideal of citizenship, or for some photo opportunity. “Pet ka sawal hai. Nahin to koi aisa ganda kaam kyun karunga? (You have to fill your stomach. Why else would anyone do this dirty work?),” 13-year-old Saif says. For children like him, it is how he earns a living. “It’s not just dirty, it’s also dangerous,” Saif’s friend, Deepu, adds. “People get killed in this line of work.” Deepu works in the Deonar dumping ground in Mumbai. He is 15, and has been working here for the last four years. He sees himself as a bit of an expert. “It gets very hot when gas from the garbage fills the area.
Then there are explosions and fires, you can’t breathe or see anything. You have to run for your life with your eyes streaming.”
In the landfills of Deonar (Mumbai), Ghazipur (Delhi), Bhanpur (Bhopal), at neighbourhood garbage dumps and on the streets across urban India, scores of children of all ages are waging turf wars, handling excreta and toxic waste, being pricked by needles, cut by shards of glass, falling prey to illness and disease as they struggle to eke out a precarious existence, all the while keeping India clean for you and me. They are the ragpicker children. A ragpicker child is typically a Dalit or a minority. She may be a migrant or a street child. If she has family, they most likely are ragpickers too.
A career in the trash business can start as early as six — when the child is old enough to hold a sack and walk through mounds of garbage, nimble fingers picking out what’s recyclable and setting it aside to be sold. The day starts early for the ragpicker child — sometimes 4 or 5 in the morning, when it’s still dark, or cold. A workday is long, 9-10 hours, sometimes more, depending on one’s luck. It involves the backbreaking work of continued…

Mitchell Johnson wins top individual cricket honourUpdated: November 14, 2014 15:50 IST
Johnson named ICC Cricketer of the Year
PTI
cricket
It was double delight Mitchell Johnson as the Australian fast bowler was on Friday declared ICC Cricketer of the Year as well as the ICC Test cricketer of the Year.
The 33-year-old has won the coveted Cricketer of the Year award for the second time in his career while he is only third Australian after Ricky Ponting (2006) and Michael Clarke (2013) to win the Test Cricketer of the Year award.
During the voting period between 26 August 2013 and 17 September 2014, Johnson claimed 59 Test wickets at an average of 15.23, with best bowling figures of seven for 40 runs against England in Adelaide last December.
In ODIs, Johnson claimed 21 wickets in 16 games.
Since the inception of the awards in 2004, Johnson is only the second player after compatriot Ricky Ponting to win the Sir Garfield Sobers Trophy twice.
While Johnson previously won this trophy in 2009, Ponting lifted it back—to—back in 2006 and 2007. Other winners include Rahul Dravid (2004), Jacques Kallis and Andrew Flintoff (2005), Shivnarine Chanderpaul (2008), Sachin Tendulkar (2010), Jonathan Trott (2011), Kumar Sangakkara (2012) and Michael Clarke (2013).
“Some of the greats of the game have been nominated and won this award, and it’s a very special honour,” a delighted Johnson said.
“Aggressive fast bowlers are something you’d have seen back in the day with the likes of (Dennis) Lillee and (Jeff) Thomson. For me, it’s nice to be able to contribute to the team and do the job that I’ve always thought I’ve been able to do. I suppose it comes down to the attitude I’ve got, the belief and the confidence. I’m very happy with where I am at the moment and I want to keep getting better as a cricketer.”
Johnson was earlier named in the ICC Test Team of the Year in Dubai on 5 November. In the same event, India fast bowler Bhuvneshwar Kumar Kumar was revealed as the LG People’s Choice award winner
Johnson has been joined on the winners’ list by South Africa’s AB de Villiers, who was named ICC ODI Cricketer of the Year, and England’s Gary Ballance, who claimed his first-ever ICC award after being named the ICC Emerging Cricketer of the Year.
Other winners include England’s wicketkeeper-batter Sarah Taylor, who has won the ICC Women’s ODI Cricketer of the Year award, Australia opener Aaron Finch, whose 156 against England off 63 balls, has won him the ICC T20I Performance of the Year award, and Scotland’s Preston Mommsen, who won the ICC Associate and Affiliate Cricketer of the Year award.
Richard Kettleborough of the Emirates Elite Panel of ICC Umpires won the David Shepherd Trophy for ICC Umpire of the Year for the second consecutive year.
Australia captain Meg Lanning has clinched the ICC Women’s T20I Cricketer of the Year award, while England’s Katherine Brunt has won the ICC Spirit of Cricket award, for sportingly asking for a referral when a South Africa batter was adjudged to have been given out caught and the decision was subsequently reversed.

A raid  multiple tasings  two arrests  and a home ripped apart: Can you guess the suspected crimeBy Radley Balko November 14 Follow @radleybalko
If you guessed “underage drinking,” stumble to the head of the class. And all of that doesn’t really even begin to describe all that went down in Damascus, Maryland . Here’s more from local newspaper editor Brian Karem:
The events in the 9400 block of Damascus road on January 4 came after a pizza delivery driver tipped officers about some “young-looking” people drinking. Jumping to conclusions and using questionable methods, Smalley and Durham then took fellow officers on a thrill ride through a private party, ripping apart a home, tasing an accountant, his son and arresting his wife and other son. In the process they put others at risk – including other officers and civilians . . . 
When they were done raiding the home two people had to go to the hospital and many more – according to charging documents – apparently left the scene of the party without being detained.
Last week defense attorneys Rene Sandler, Chris Griffiths and Terrell Roberts challenged the entire raid as a violation of a homeowner’s Fourth Amendment rights. Circuit Court Judge Steve Salant agreed with them and suppressed the evidence gathered in the raid.
He noted the many inconsistencies in statements by officers Smalley and Durham – calling some of them “untrue” and “doubtful”. A 26-year veteran of the police department who attended the Damascus party even contradicted testimony offered by the arresting officers.
Some of this testimony sounded more like bad comedy than serious facts.
Durham and Smalley claimed they could tell a 21-year-old from a 20-year-old who drank too much by sight. How is that possible? Well according to Smalley and Durham, based on their extensive experience busting underage drinkers you can tell because the way a 21-year-old and a 20-year-old acts is “very different,” Durham said. “It’s exaggerated movements,” he told the court. “Hey look at me,” he added as he waved his arms. He also said urinating outdoors is sometimes a giveaway. Loud music and boisterous laughter also adds into the decision process . . . 
When police raided the home in Damascus a few weeks after Christmas this year, the raid made local television, radio and newspapers because of the “near riot”, the number of people involved and the fact Smalley and Durham claimed the homeowners tried to beat the police officers and take their guns.
The judge noted that in the subsequent warrant – issued five hours after the raid – the police didn’t mention the alleged assaults. Because of the inconsistencies in the testimony of the two officers, it is questionable such an assault ever even occurred. Indeed the videotape the police tried so hard to get, and which I’ve seen, shows police dragging the homeowner out of his house, handcuffing him and repeatedly tasing him while he offers little to no resistance.
There is a point at which a police officer’s sworn statements in a case are so ridiculous that you have to start to question his or her credibility in other cases, too. I’d submit that officers Durham and Smalley are well past that line. And not because a drunk 2o-year-old pushed them.
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

From Jan 1  even if you dont have Aadhaar card  you can avail LPGsubsidyPrint
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:47 am
A modified direct benefit transfer scheme for LPG (DBTL) consumers, under which the subsidy will be given even to consumers who do not have the Aadhaar card, will be launched in the Tricity on January 1, 2015.
In order to become cash transfer compliant, LPG consumers who have an Aadhaar number have to provide the number to their LPG distributor and the bank on prescribed forms.
LPG consumers who had joined the scheme earlier by linking their Aadhaar number in the LPG and bank database do not have to do anything further. They can check their CTC status on http://www.mylpg.in .
Those consumers who do not have an Aadhaar number will have to give the bank details to the LPG distributor, or their 17-digit LPG ID to the bank, using prescribed forms.
After January 1, the consumers will be given a three-month grace period to complete the formalities, but they will continue to get cylinders at the market rate. If a consumer joins the scheme within this period, the subsidy according to the entitlement and consumption during this time will be transferred to his or her bank account.
Those who fail to join the scheme in three months will get LPG cylinders at the market rate.
Under DBTL, the consumers will be given a ‘permanent advance’ subsidy of Rs 435 as soon as they make the first booking of a cylinder. The advance will be given directly in the bank account before the delivery.
The advance ensures that LPG consumers have extra cash to pay for their first LPG cylinder at the market price. The permanent advance will be notified for the consumers now joining the scheme separately.
After the consumer takes delivery of the cylinder, another advance cash subsidy will be transferred to the bank account. The subsidy will be given for each supplied cylinder, subject to the consumer’s entitlement.

EU counters move to weaken UN resolution on NorthKoreaIn this file photo, North Korea's Deputy UN Ambassador Ri Tong Il speaks during a news conference at UN headquarters in New York.
By: Agence-France Presse | United Nations | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:46 am
The European Union has presented changes to a UN resolution condemning North Korea’s rights records in a bid to counter a push by Cuba to water down the measure ahead of a vote next week.
A new text presented to a UN General Assembly committee on human rights yesterday included a provision that welcomed North Korea’s offer of cooperation with the UN human rights commissioner and its invitation to visit to the UN special rapporteur.
The new resolution obtained by AFP still calls on the UN Security Council to consider referring North Korea to the International Criminal Court (ICC) for a probe of crimes against humanity.
The changes were in response to an amendment presented by Cuba this week that calls for scrapping any reference to the ICC and to opt instead for cooperation through the fact-finding visit and talks with the UN rights office.
Diplomats said adding the provision would signal that the international community is willing to engage with North Korea on improving human rights even as it pursues accountability for serious crimes.
The resolution, co-sponsored by 48 countries including Britain, France and the United States, is due to come up for a vote in the so-called Third Committee on Tuesday before going to the full Assembly next month.
A vote will also be held on the Cuban amendment which is expected to draw support in particular from African countries that have qualms with the ICC.
Supporters of the EU-Japan text are hoping for a strong vote in support of the resolution to push the Security Council into taking action against Pyongyang.
The resolution condemns human rights abuses and calls for an investigation following the findings of a UN inquiry that laid bare the brutality of the North Korean regime.
The inquiry’s report, released in February, is based on testimony of North Korean exiles and details a vast network of prison camps and documented cases of torture, rape, murder and enslavement.
It included evidence suggesting crimes against humanity had been committed by North Korean officials at the highest level of the state.
The UN report stirred alarm in Pyongyang, which in recent months has launched a diplomatic offensive to prevent the resolution from gaining steam.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un is sending a special envoy to Russia for talks next week with President Vladimir Putin, whose country holds veto power in the 15-member Security Council.

Mehrams mother backtracks: His father never threatened to take the childawayMehram’s mother Harinder Kaur with his photo.
By: Express News Service | Mohali | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:42 am
Backtracking from their earlier accusations, Mehram Sandhu’s mother on Friday said that they had never made any allegations against the boy’s uncle Prabhjit Singh and aunt Parminder Kaur. They also said that Mehram’s father Varinderpal, who lives in Sydney, had never threatened to take away the child, but “abused us and threatened that he’ll take care of all of us”.
Mehram’s mother Harinder Kaur, who met the media along with her mother Jaswinder Kaur, said that they had only accused Varinderpal and his Kharar-based father Nirmal Singh of the crime of abduction of her son after he disappeared from a park near their house in Phase 9 on October 28. His decomposed body was found in Sector 69 on November 7.
“The uncle and aunt are relatives of the accused, that is probably why they were named in the FIR,” said Jaswinder Kaur.
The FIR, in which Varinderpal, Nirmal Singh, Prabhjit Singh and Parminder Kaur are named, was lodged by Harinder Kaur’s father Balwinder Singh.
Both mother and daughter said that they still suspected Varinderpal and Nirmal Singh were behind the crime; they had threatened them and did not want to bear the responsibility of bringing up Mehram.
“Varinderpal is in a relationship with another woman called Alisha, and is probably engaged to marry her. He never showed any concern towards Mehram and, in fact, wanted me to abort the child,” said Harinder, adding that he had married her only so that he could go abroad on a spouse visa.
On the afternoon of October 28, Varinderpal called Harinder after she had called up Alisha to confirm their relationship. A day before, Jaswinder said, his father Nirmal Singh called and threatened them.
Varinder and Harinder had separated and there was an ongoing monetary dispute between the families. Jaswinder said that they had spent a lot of money on their daughter’s marriage and later when the couple stayed abroad. Varinderpal’s family claims that they spent a lot of money on financing Harinder’s education in Australia.
Harinder said that she had been questioned several times by the police and was willing to join the investigation whenever summoned.
Meanwhile, Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee president Avtar Singh Makkar visited the grieving family and promised them Rs 1 lakh and a clerical job for Harinder. He said he would follow up the case with the police on a regular basis.

US to pledge $3 billion to help poor nations withwarmingUS President Barack Obama will announce the contribution at meeting of world leaders in Australia.
By: Associated Press | Washington | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:37 am
The United States is giving $3 billion to a UN fund to help poorer vulnerable countries prepare for a changing climate and develop cleaner energy.
US President Barack Obama will announce the contribution at meeting of world leaders in Australia, the administration said.
The United Nations is trying to raise at least $10 billion for its Green Climate Fund to help developing nations adjust to rising seas, warmer temperatures, and more extreme weather. It also would help the nations come up with energy sources that limit or reduce heat-trapping carbon dioxide emissions from coal, oil and gas.
The American pledge would be the biggest to date and would double contributions to $6 billion, according to international environmental groups. France has promised $1 billion, with Germany pledging nearly as much. Sweden, the Netherlands and Switzerland have all pledged at least $100 million, while Denmark, Norway, Mexico, Luxembourg, Czech Republic and Indonesia have pledged lesser amounts, according to officials at Oxfam America.
The South Korea-based fund, which also accepts money from private charities, was set up by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Former Sen. Timothy Wirth, vice chairman of the United Nations Foundation and a politician who been on both House and Senate budget committees, said he doesn’t see how the Obama administration can get the money without approval from a Republican Congress, which he said is unlikely to happen.
But Wirth said that will work out because “almost all of this is going to be done by the private sector.” The idea is eventually to have about $100 billion flowing to the developing nations, he said.
“Symbolically, I think it shows bold action to keep advancing his climate agenda” despite a Republican Congress that may not even believe in global warming, said Paul Wapner, a professor of international relations and environmental politics at American University.
Chip Knappenberger of the conservative Cato Institute said his preference is for private money to go the fund. And if federal money goes to the fund it should be more to help the nations adapt to a changing climate rather than push greener energy sources, he said.
Along with several environmental activist groups, former Vice President Al Gore cheered the announcement as “strong leadership,” heading into intense climate negotiations for a new international treaty next year.
Sen. James Inhofe, a Republican who will likely be the new chairman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, blasted the pledge in a statement, saying it’s part of more than $120 billion in spending on climate change since the president took office:
“President Obama’s pledge to give unelected bureaucrats at the UN $3 billion for climate change initiatives is an unfortunate decision to not listen to voters in this most recent election cycle.”
In 2008, President George W Bush pledged $2 billion to a similar fund. The continued…

Row over KVs scrapping German: Envoy hopes Government finds pragmaticsolutionAmbassador Steiner and wife Eliese in New Delhi Friday.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:31 am
As a debate raged over the Human Resource Development Ministry’s decision to do away with German as a third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas, Germany on Friday said it had raised the issue with the Indian government and hoped “a pragmatic solution” would be found soon.
“So far we have not been officially approached… I am confident the Indian government will find a pragmatic solution to allow German to be taught in KVs… I have talked to the government and, on that basis, I express confidence we will find a solution which takes care of children who have expressed their desire to learn foreign languages,” Ambassador Michael Steiner said, adding that it was ultimately up to the Indian government to take a decision.
HRD Minister Smriti Irani, defending the decision to do away with German as a third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas, said an investigation had been ordered since the existing arrangement was in violation of the three-language formula.
But she said German would continue to be taught as an “additional subject of hobby class”.
The decision is expected to affect over 60,000 students across 500 KVs from classes VI to VIII who will be asked to switch from German.
Ministry officials said counselling and other support will be provided to the students.
The Board of Governors (BoG) of the Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS), headed by Irani, had in its meeting on October 27 decided that “teaching of German language as an option to Sanskrit will be discontinued herewith”.
German has been kept as an additional subject for students.
Thee memorandum of understanding signed between KVS and Goethe Institute-Max Mueller Bhawan in 2011 was due for renewal in September. The Ministry said the MoU was also not referred to it at any stage for approval. It said certain provisions in the MoU violate the National Policy on Education, the National Curriculum Framework and the Three Language Formula.
“States have the freedom to teach a language other than English and Hindi…The MoU violated the right of children and state of propagating an Indian language… It is not about promoting Sanskrit but about safeguarding constitutional rights,” Irani said, adding that while German was still available as an additional language in KVs, it could not be allowed as the third language.
“We have asked for an investigation on how an MoU which was in violation of the National Policy on Education was signed,” she said.
The ministry clarified that students were not obliged to pick Sanskrit as the third language and could choose any modern Indian language they are comfortable with.
Irani said she did not want “an element of panic inserted among parents and students”. She sought to blame the previous UPA government for leaving behind a legacy of decisions, including the FYUP (four-year undergraduate programme) issue, which need course correction.
“This is a challenge that is part of the legacy inherited by MHRD.” She said all future continued…

Cleanliness drive  quiz and library on wheels mark Childrens Day atschoolsStudents of BN High School where Modi studied from 1963-67, clean their campus and students participate in a function on Children’s Day in Ahmedabad on Friday.(Source: Express photo by Javed Raja and Satish Jha)
By: Express News Service | Gujarat | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:01 am
Modi’s school in Vadnagar
Drawing parallels between Jawaharlal Nehru and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, the principal of Vadnagar-based BN High School, where Prime Minister Narendra Modi studied between 1963 and 1967, described Nehru as “a leader whose policies might have gone wrong but his intention was never bad.”
Principal Ashokpuri R Goswami addressed the students at 11 am through a public address system from his office and the children heard his speech from their classrooms where speakers have been installed. Announcing the resolution to start the “Bal Swachh Mission” on Nehru’s 125th birth anniversary, Goswami spoke of how Nehru despite being born with a “golden spoon in his mouth” shunned western wear and wore khadi. “Friends, people who rule do have limitations, but his (Nehru) intentions were not bad… several countries in the world took advantage of his policies on war, the effects of which we are still facing, but his intentions were never bad,” he said. Goswami also said that Sardar Patel had joined the freedom movement along with Nehru. He said, “He had a long-term vision.”
After his speech, Goswami told The Indian Express that the students would participate in campus cleaning in groups along with the teachers so that their studies don’t get hampered. He said that campus has been divided among the teachers who will take up the cleaning exercise.
Sardar Patel’s School in Karamsad
At the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel High School, set up in 1929 and being run by the  Karamsad Kelavni Mandal, the teachers spoke about Nehru-Patel relationship. As part of Children’s Day celebrations, a teacher Mukesh Mahida, in his five-minute speech during the morning assembly, said: “Both Nehru and Sardar were great friends who together served to build the nation.” Talking about Nehru’s contribution to the development of the country and his ideas about children, he said, “Nehru firmly believed that today’s kids are the nation’s future and have to be made to love their country.” Later, Mukesh Mahida said he wanted to remove the misconception among students that Nehru and Patel were not on good terms. “Many children think negatively about Nehru because they think he was wrongly made PM, a post that rightly belonged to Patel,” he told The Indian Express.
The Gujarati-medium section asked students to write a short essay on Nehru and a more detailed one on “How does cleanliness affect nation building and build healthy nation? How will you encourage your area to stay clean?”
Close to this school is the Sardar Smriti Shala, where Sardar Patel continued…

This Powerful  Black Odyssey  Blends Greek Myth And Modern Harlemreddit
If you happen to be studying at New York's Columbia University this fall you, like many other students around the world, will be assigned to read Homer's "Odyssey," that epic epic poem about a flawed hero's journey home.
However, unlike most other students studying the classic, you'll have the remarkable privilege of digesting the text alongside Romare Bearden's " Black Odyssey ," a collage series dating back to the 1970s. His jagged-edged color fields create a stream of images, 20 collages in total. The modern interpretation of the ancient Greek myth reveals that perhaps Ithaca and Harlem aren't that far apart after all.
Circe, Collage, 1977
Bearden was born in Charlotte, North Carolina in 1914. As a child he moved with his parents to Harlem, New York -- part of a larger African American migration from the hostility of the South to the promises of the North. It was potentially this move that sparked Bearden's interest in the journey, both abroad and back home, all of which appeared recurrently in his images.
Although he was already in his mid-sixties when he embarked on "Black Odyssey," Bearden hadn't been a practicing artist for all that long. He's widely considered a late bloomer, taking up the medium of collage sometime in the 1950s and truly immersing himself in the '60s. His cut-and-pasted scenes combine Henri Matisse's rhythmic energy with Faith Ringgold's flattened abstraction, yielding Cubist collages that forecast the intermingling of artistic media that would later become standard practice.
Cattle of the Sun God, Collage, 1977
Bearden's inclination to jumble, mismatch and scratch away at materials mirrors his attitude toward subject matter; Homer's "Odyssey" is just another influence to fold into the fabric. Yet the distance between ancient mythology and modern artwork isn't as great as you might think. Bearden was fiercely devoted to the idea of art and myth as universal expressions of the human experience. "I give every effort to give my works a universal character ," the artist said in 1970, "and I feel that the meanings can be extended and reinforced by means of myth and ritual.
Students and visitors roaming Bearden's exhibition will have the rare opportunity to view the logic of collage transcend a physical art object and organize a lived experience. The close juxtaposition of disparate times, places, stories, voices and influences creates a collaged reality for viewers to absorb through their eyes and minds. As exhibition curator Robert O'Meally explained: "Bearden not only staked a claim to the tales of ancient Greece as having modern relevance, he also made the claim of global cultural collage -- that as humans, we are all collages of our unique experiences."
"Romare Bearden: A Black Odyssey" runs from November 15, 2014 until March 14, 2015 at Columbia’s Wallach Art Gallery . Enjoy a preview of the exhibition below.
The Fall of Troy Watercolor and Graphite on Paper 1977 Private Collection, Courtesy of Jerald Melberg Gallery, Charlotte, NC
Battle with Cicones Collage of various papers with graphite on fiberboard 1977 Courtesy Currier Museum of Art
Home To Ithaca Collage 1977 Courtesy Mount Holyoke College Art Museum, South Hadley, Massachusetts. Gift of the estate of Eileen Paradis Barber (Class of 1929)
Untitled From the Iliad Series Ink on paper 1946 Courtesy Estate of Nanette Bearden and DC Moore Gallery, New York
Poseidon, The Sea God Collage 1977 Courtesy Thompson Collection, Indianapolis, Indiana
The Sea Nymph Collage 1977 Courtesy Glen and Lynn Tobias
Odysseus Leaves Circe Collage 1977 Courtesy Estate of Nanette Bearden and DC Moore Gallery, New York

Vogue recommends: Best moisturisers in the marketBigg Boss 8
Why you need to moisturise your skin NOW
In some cases ignorance is bliss; in skin care it's a mortal sin. A recent survey conducted by Vaseline to understand skin moisturising rituals of Indian women showed that although aware of its benefits, women continue to avoid nourishing their skin on a daily basis.
31 per cent Indians do not use a body moisturiser at all – that would count for millions of people who face skin damage and early aging. Dr Aparna Santhanam, Hindustan Unilever skin expert says, "We usually feel that we need to moisturise only during winter or when our skin visibly looks and feels rough and dry. This is not true. Moisturising is a continuous maintenance process for the skin. Keeping skin adequately hydrated on an everyday basis is one of the most important and easiest ways to add glow and health to the skin."
Age and climatic conditions affect the skin's moisture content but according to Dr Santhanam, irrespective of one's age or geographical location, it is important to use a moisturising lotion on hands, feet, knees and body. 
How to identify your skin’s moisture needs
Dr Santhanam suggests an exercise -- close your eyes and just feel your entire right arm from top to bottom. Does it feel smooth all through? Are there rough areas, bumpy patches, and grainy spots? Now, open your eyes and look at these rough, grainy areas. Do they truly look like the rest of your smooth skin?
Now apply a little moisturising lotion, and feel and look at the area again. You will feel the difference instantly.
Vogue suggests: Vaseline Aloe Fresh, Nivea Noursihing Lotion Body Milk, Lakmé Peach Milk Moisturizer, Néroli & Orchidée Body Milk by L’Occitane, Clinique Dramatically Different Moisturizing Lotion, Forest Essentials’ Madurai Jasmine & Mogra Light Day Lotion.
- Sneha Mankani

Machil fake encounterencounter-for...    Cached
Five army men including two officers have been sentenced to life in jail for the 2010 encounter killing of three young men in Jammu and Kashmir's Machil.

Sonakshi Sinha KRK tweetsonakshi-sinhas...    Cached
Kamal R Khan was in the buzz recently for all the bad news in the world. This self acclaimed celebrity’s comments and insensible tweets by now are not new to anyone.

Google Doodle: The idea is to have funThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Russia to G20: We re here; so are our warshipsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Oil Duty Hike to Add Rs 11 000 Cr to Govt Revenue: India RatingsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

The end of Nehru s RepublicThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

RiceBran Technologies Reports Financial Results for Q3 2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Parking Management System Industry Report 2014Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Lacklustre local show hurts Tata Motors netThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ratan Tata invests in Urban LadderThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

HDFC Bank to hike foreign stake to 74%Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Vodafone withdraws writ against CentreThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Developed countries:us stocks friday`s close;-- dow 18 down; nas...DEVELOPED COUNTRIES:US STOCKS FRIDAY`S CLOSE;--
Dow 18 down; Nasdaq 8 up; S&P 0.49 up.
If history is any guide the new ISIS plot to create its own currency is destained to fail.
That`s according to gold and currency expert Axel Merk investments in San Francisco. "A vibrant currency requires a vibrant economy" said Merk.
Latest News
Buying a home just got more challenging
Walmart workers plan Black Friday protests
Why the new ISIS currency is doomed
Is 45 the new old age in the workplace?
$1 billion divorce settlement `disappointing`
iPhone vs. Android: Better phone is...
Amazon is hiring drone pilots
Ready or not, Obamacare 2.0 is here
Top 10 stocks members of Congress own
Why Cleveland is destroying 6,000 homes
NBA`s Silver: Legalize sports gambling
Income inequality: Top 1% still doing better
5.24 AM Nov 15th  | Track

Company like nbcc @773 then anything is possible....people should visi...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Thank you very much dear amarCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

It is one of a star stock in my portfolio. i bought at very low level ...Platinum Member
138 Followers
It is one of a star stock in my portfolio. I bought at very low level with LT view.  I will add more if it come below 50.  To me result looks good.  Wait and watch.  Based on its technical chart, before next quarter result, it will go to 70  level. Be patient once you located a star stock in a bull market.
5.13 AM Nov 15th  | Track

Company to Staff: Bring Your Dog to Work (Every) DayTODAY   |  October 26, 2014
This Vermont clothing company always allows dogs at work
At the Ibex outdoor clothing company in Vermont, bringing your dog to work has been office policy for the last decade. Employees say they see it as a benefit similar to a 401k or health insurance. NBC’s Harry Smith reports.
Share This:
Study shows surge in toy-related injuries
TODAY
‘Sons of Anarchy’ reaches the end of 7-season run
TODAY
UK women with low-risk pregnancies advised to have babies at home
TODAY
Abercrombie & Fitch sales are plunging
TODAY
Portland yarn-bombers warm city with sweaters
TODAY
Marine’s homecoming with a big twist goes viral
TODAY
How to save money during the holidays
TODAY
Hackers issue new threat to Sony employees, their families
TODAY
Fallout from doubts over Rolling Stone’s UVA rape story
TODAY
Banned toy museum features atomic energy lab
TODAY
Celebrities, collectors flock to Miami for Art Basel
TODAY
In California drought, a town living without water
TODAY

Fracking can begin in Illinois58
To gear up for fracking, the Department of Natural Resources has hired 32 people to aid in reviewing applications, mostly lawyers and engineers. Initially, the agency had four staffers assigned to that role. About 20 more people, mostly well inspectors, are called for in the agency's budget.
Oil and gas drillers may apply for a permit to begin operations 30 days after registration by paying a nonrefundable fee of $13,500. The permit application must disclose how and where the well will be drilled, the amount of fluid to be used and at what pressure it will be injected into the well. Drillers also will have to disclose what chemicals will be used and at what concentration, and plans for everything from well safety to waste containment.
The Department of Natural Resources must post a copy of the permit application on its website within five days of its receipt and provide dates for the public to comment. The department has 60 days to approve or reject applications.
People downstate have been pushing for fracking because they believe it will create jobs, bring money to cash-strapped landowners and deliver tax dollars to counties.
Fracking promises to bring an estimated $725,000 in new taxes to the state for every successful well drilled over the next 10 years, according to analysis by Headwaters Economics, a Montana-based research firm.
Energy firms have invested millions to lease land in anticipation of fracking. .
Some, including Strata-X Energy, which has leased land in Clay County, have moved forward with horizontal drilling operations at volumes believed below the threshold set by the new regulations.
David Hettich, chief finance officer and vice president of land for Strata-X, said an initial well in Clay County is producing about 300 barrels of oil a day even with lesser production equipment than is used in high-volume fracking operations.
"Once we get going, imagine what we can do," he said.
The still untapped New Albany shale play in southern Illinois has been compared to the Eagle Ford shale play in Texas, one of the hottest fracking areas of the country.
Landowners in Wayne County recently filed suit against Miller, of Department of Natural Resources, and Gov. Pat Quinn, claiming the state's delay in issuing fracking permits is akin to an illegal land grab. An attorney for the department  said Thursday that the suit should be thrown out and that it has no merit.
The road to finish the fracking rules has been long and tortured.
After the law passed and the Department of Natural Resources submitted its first proposed draft rules a year ago, environmentalists were outraged. Hundreds packed hearings; some 30,000 comments were filed about the rules, many of them critical.
Afterward, the Department of Natural Resources submitted a second draft of proposed rules, which oil and gas companies said were so restrictive that they doubted companies would go forward with fracking.
"We believe the extra time it took for the negotiation process will maintain the practical sensibilities that will allow hydraulic fracturing to create jobs and stimulate the Illinois economy," said Brad Richards, executive vice president of the Illinois Oil and Gas Association. "The labor, environmental and industry groups that worked together for three years to draft this legislation are excited to finally see the implementation of these rules and get the skilled workforce of Illinois working again."

Rohit 264  Sri Lanka 251Updated: November 14, 2014 03:01 IST
Rohit 264, Sri Lanka 251
S. Sabanayakan
Tweet
The Hindu
Rohit Sharma celebrates his century at the Eden Gardens, Kolkata on Thursday. He scored the highest score in One-Day Internationals eclipsing Sehwag's score of 219. Photo: K.R. Deepak
The Hindu
Rohit Sharma celebrates after scoring 150 runs at the Eden Gardens, Kolkata on Thursday. He scored the highest score in One-Day Internationals eclipsing Sehwag's score of 219. Photo: K.R. Deepak
TOPICS
One-day cricket
The stylish batsman delights Eden Gardens with a welter of records
A world record 264 by India’s Rohit Sharma and a mammoth 404 for five in 50 overs was enough for India to plunge Sri Lanka to its fourth straight defeat in the fourth ODI of the Micromax Cup series here on Thursday.
Chasing a massive target at the Eden Gardens, the visiting team finished at 251 in 43.1 overs. Captain Angelo Mathews defied the Indian bowling to score a fine 75 and received support from Lahiru Thirimanne (59) and Tillakaratne Dilshan (34) in the top-order.
Riding on the confidence of scoring 142 in the tour opener for India ‘A’ at Mumbai, Rohit conjured up a brilliant double hundred — his second in ODIs. Rohit was slow to begin with. He took off in the company of skipper Virat Kohli and the two put the Lankan bowling to the sword. He fiercely pulled Eranga for a six in the first over of the batting powerplay.
With that, the 100 partnership came up. It was only a matter of time before the 27-year-old reached his century off 100 balls with 12 fours and a six. His 150 came off 125 balls with the aid of 19 boundaries and three sixes. The third-wicket produced 202 runs in 25.5 overs before Kohli (66) ran himself out going for the second run.
The Mumbai player, who scored 209 against Australia at Bengaluru last year, raced to 200 in 151 balls with 25 hits to the fence and five over it to emerge the first man to hit two double centuries in ODIs. This was the fourth double century in total, all scored by Indians.
Rohit made Lanka pay heavily for three dropped chances (on four, 201 and 222). He first went past his previous best of 209 and then Virender Sehwag’s 219. He reached 250 in 166 balls (32x4, 8x6).
He thoroughly dominated the fifth-wicket association with Robin Uthappa that produced 128 runs in less than 10 overs. He fell off the last ball of the innings, slamming Kulasekara straight to Mahela Jayawardene at long off after a monumental 264 (173b, 33x4, 9x6).
“I knew it was a good batting wicket, where 300 or 350 would be easily chaseable. Once I reached 50, I concentrated on turning my 100 to 150, then 150 to 200, and then 250,” Rohit explained.
He praised the crowd saying, “I made my Ranji and Test debuts here, got a 100 in the IPL and now this. The crowd here has been brilliant; they love the game.”
More records
Two more records fell. The team’s total of 404 surpassed the Eden Gardens’ record of 317. The previous highest individual record of 150 by Gautam Gambhir also went overboard. On this occasion, the Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) announced a reward of Rs. 2,64,000 to Rohit for the stupendous effort.
Internet Desk adds
The comeback man Rohit Sharma became the first batsman to score two double centuries during the fourth ODI against Sri Lanka at Eden Gardens, Kolkata on Thursday.
In the 46th over of the innings, Rohit hit a four off Kulasekara to reach his double century.
Rohit Sharma was batting on 222, the highest score in ODIs, eclipsing Sehwag's 219, off just 155 balls with 27 fours and six huge sixes. His previous double century came at Bengaluru against Australia. India's score is 357 for 4 in 46.3 overs.
At the end of 50 overs, India scored a mammoth 404 for 5. Rohit Sharma was out off the final ball of the innings. Rohit was caught by Jayawardene off the bowling of Kulasekara for 264 off just 173 balls with 33 fours and 9 huge sixes.
Following is the list of Top-10 individual scores
(In brackets: Number of balls played )
264 (173) Rohit Sharma (Ind) vs S Lanka (Kolkata) (2014)
219 (149) Virender Sehwag (Ind) vs WI (Indore) (2011)
209 (158) Rohit Sharma (Ind) vs Aus (Bangalore) (2013)
200 no (147) Sachin Tendulkar (Ind) vs SA (Gwalior) (2010)
194 no (156) Charles Coventry (Zimbabwe) vs Bangladesh (Bulawayo) (2009)
194 (146) Saeed Anwar (Pakistan) vs India (Chennai) (1997)
189 (170) Viv Richards (West Indies) vs England (Manchester) (1984)
189 no (155) Martin Guptill (NZ) vs England (Southampton) (2013)
189 (161) Sanath Jayasuriya (SL) vs India (Sharjah) (2000)
188 no (159) Gary Kirsten (SA) vs UAE (Rawalpindi) (1996).
If Rohit doesn't get out he will certainly get 250 today
— Mahendra Singh Dhoni (@msdhoni) November 13, 2014
Very well batted Rohit.thats Rohit for everyone,sheer talent.Enjoy and Witness the class in action.

http://usat.ly/14jErATFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Taco Bell concocts 'dipping' tacos
Perhaps Taco Bell's Waffle Taco isn't goofy enough for you. Well, Taco Bell's got an equally-wacky taco platform coming down the pike:  the "dipping" taco. No, that's not it's real name.  It's actually
Post to Facebook
Taco Bell concocts 'dipping' tacos Perhaps Taco Bell's Waffle Taco isn't goofy enough for you. Well, Taco Bell's got an equally-wacky taco platform coming down the pike:  the "dipping" taco. No, that's not it's real name.  It's actually Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1ur7cVX
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
18
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Taco Bell concocts 'dipping' tacos
Bruce Horovitz , USA TODAY 9:26 p.m. EST November 13, 2014
Taco Bell Rolled Chicken Tacos
(Photo: Taco Bell)
2624 CONNECT 129 TWEET 5 LINKEDIN 18 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Perhaps Taco Bell's Waffle Taco isn't quite goofy enough for you.
Well, Taco Bell's got an equally wacky taco platform coming down the pike:  the "dipping" taco.
No, that's not its real name.  The new platform has two offerings: One is called the Rolled Chicken Taco, and the other is a new twist on the Crunchy Taco. But they're both designed for dipping.  The Mexican fast-food kingpin announced Thursday that this new taco platform — the first taco sold by Taco Bell  built expressly for dipping — will be rolled out nationally on Thursday, Nov. 20.
New products are the lifeblood of fast food.  And as younger consumers keep demanding unlikely new products with more flavor and unconventional ingredients, Millennial-worshiping chains like Taco Bell are only too happy to please.
Taco Bell thinking outside the breakfast bun
As it did with the Waffle Taco — a warm waffle wrapped around sausage or bacon, scrambled eggs, cheese and syrup — the folks at Taco Bell are playing a tad loose with language.  The "dipping" tacos aren't shaped exactly like conventional tacos.  They look more like burritos.  But they're stuffed with mostly taco ingredients.
They come with a choice of five dipping sauces: new Spicy Ranch, Salsa, Guacamole, Nacho Cheese and reduced-fat Sour Cream.
Rolled Chicken Tacos, made with all white-meat shredded chicken, will sell for $1.99 for a 2-pack and $3.99 for a 4-pack. Folks can also purchase them as part of the new Taco Duo 12 Pack, available for a limited time. The Taco Duo 12 Pack will come with 6 Crunchy Tacos and 6 Rolled Chicken Tacos with 3 dips offered at ($10.99).

Cameron plans orders to bar jihadis from returning to UK: BBCCameron is expected to announce exclusion orders aimed at barring citizens from re-entering the UK if they are suspected of being jihadi fighters.
By: Reuters | London | Posted: November 14, 2014 5:34 am
British Prime Minister David Cameron is expected to announce exclusion orders aimed at barring citizens from re-entering the UK if they are suspected of being jihadi fighters from war-torn Iraq and Syria, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported.
Under the orders, suspects would be banned entry into the country unless they agreed to be escorted by police before facing prosecution or close supervision under monitoring powers, the BBC said.
Simultaneously, suspects’ passports would be cancelled and their names added to the “no-fly list”, the BBC reported.
The exclusion orders, which may last up to two years, are central to a Counter-Terrorism Bill that Cameron announced in September, which if passed, will give the police powers to temporarily seize a suspect’s passport at the border to give authorities time to investigate them.
Currently only Britain’s interior minister has the power to withdraw a passport.
In September, Cameron said: “A British government should act in the national interest … to help keep our people safe and we should consider everything in the light of that.” He added that if it became necessary to act quickly he would do so without first seeking authorisation from parliament.

Islamic State releases audio of chief Baghdadi after death rumoursIslamic State jihadist group chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
By: Agence-France Presse | Baghdad | Posted: November 14, 2014 11:25 am
The Islamic State group has released a defiant audio recording it said was of chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, after air strikes on jihadist leaders in Iraq sparked rumours he had been wounded or killed.
In the 17-minute message, the man purported to be Baghdadi vowed that IS, which has overrun swathes of Iraq and Syria, will continue to expand despite international air strikes, and that its opponents will be drawn into a ground war.
It is the first time that Washington has carried out air strikes in support of Sunni Arab tribal militia since it launched its air campaign in Iraq on August 8.
“Be assured, O Muslims, for your State is good and in the best condition. Its march will not stop and it will continue to expand,” said the man in the recording, whose voice sounded like Baghdadi’s but whose identity could not be independently
confirmed.
“Soon, the Jews and Crusaders will be forced to come down to the ground and send their ground forces to their deaths and destruction,” he said.
US President Barack Obama has announced plans to double the number of US military personnel in Iraq to up to 3,100 to help advise and train Baghdad’s forces – a move the man in the audio recording said was the start of the ground war between the two sides.
The message was the first said to be from Baghdadi since a video released in July, shortly after IS proclaimed a “caliphate” over parts of Iraq and Syria, of the jihadist leader delivering a Friday sermon in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul.
While the recording seemed aimed at dispelling speculation that Baghdadi was seriously injured or dead, it did not mention the strikes against IS leaders.
But it did reference the decision by Ansar Beit al-Maqdis, Egypt’s deadliest militant group, to pledge allegiance to Baghdadi and IS, which was announced after the strikes.
The United States said that coalition aircraft launched strikes targeting IS leaders in the area of their northern hub of Mosul on Friday, setting off a flurry of speculation that Baghdadi was wounded or killed.
Some reports meanwhile pointed to another alleged strike near Iraq’s border with Syria, saying Baghdadi was hit there instead.
But officials in both Iraq and the United States have made clear that no one is yet certain about Baghdadi’s fate. Pentagon spokesman Colonel Steven Warren said Monday that “the bottom line from our perspective is we simply cannot confirm his current status”.
And senior Iraqi officials from the interior and defence ministries and the intelligence service said investigations were ongoing.

Russia to G-20: We re here. So are our warships.Four Russian warships have entered international waters off the northeast Australian coast to coincide with Putin's visit to Australia. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Brisbane | Posted: November 14, 2014 5:26 pm | Updated: November 14, 2014 5:28 pm
Vladimir Putin is underlining his presence at a major summit of world leaders in Australia by stationing warships in waters off the country’s northeastern coast, prompting the Australian prime minister to angrily accuse Russia of trying to reclaim the “lost glories” of the Soviet Union.
The diplomatic drama, which has been simmering since a Malaysia Airlines plane was shot down over an area of Ukraine controlled by Russian-backed separatists in July, threatened to overshadow Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott’s goal of keeping this weekend’s G-20 summit focused on economic growth.
But Abbott, who had previously said he would physically confront the Russian president over the Flight 17 disaster that killed 298 people, including 38 Australian citizens and residents, did little to dampen tensions with his latest critique of Putin’s Russia.
In recent days, four Russian warships have entered international waters off the northeast Australian coast to coincide with Putin’s visit to Australia for the summit that brings together the leaders of the world’s 20 biggest industrialized and developing economies. Australia, in turn, sent three warships of its own to monitor them.
The Russian embassy said on Friday that Russia’s Pacific fleet was testing its range, and could be used as security for Putin. Abbott was not impressed.
“Russia is being much more assertive now than it has been for a very long time,” he said at a press conference with British Prime Minister David Cameron, also in Australia for the summit. “Interestingly, Russia’s economy is declining even as Russia’s assertiveness is increasing.”
The prime minister, who met with Putin earlier this week on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum in Beijing, aired details of his conversation with the Russian leader.
“One of the points that I tried to make to President Putin is that Russia would be so much more attractive if it was aspiring to be a superpower for peace and freedom and prosperity … instead of trying to recreate the lost glories of tsarism or the old Soviet Union.”
Abbott, an athletic 56-year-old former amateur boxer whose government is a staunch US ally, has gained a higher international profile by loudly demanding more cooperation from Russia on the Dutch-led investigation into the downing of Flight 17.
He raised eyebrows last month when he declared he intended to “shirtfront” Putin, using an Australian football term for a head-on shoulder charge to an opponent’s chest.
Cameron also took a swipe at Russia, warning that Western sanctions against the country could increase if it continues to foster the rebellion in eastern Ukraine.
Meanwhile, German Chancellor Angela Merkel downplayed the appearance of Russia’s ships.
“I find it much more serious that there are violations of Ukraine’s territorial integrity,” Merkel said during a press conference in Auckland, New Zealand, which she is visiting en route to the G-20.
Putin was expected to arrive in Australia for the summit in the eastern city of continued…

World Bank warns of calamity if Ebola lessons ignoredWorld Bank president Jim Yong Kim speaks to the media ahead of the G-20 conference in Brisbane (Source: AP)
By: Agence-France Presse | Brisbane | Posted: November 14, 2014 6:22 pm
Millions of lives could be lost in a global pandemic if the international community repeats its tardy response to West Africa’s Ebola outbreak, World Bank President Jim Yong Kim warned on Friday.
Kim called for the establishment of a multi-billion dollar contingency fund to ensure relief efforts mobilise immediately when an infection threat such as Ebola or a rogue influenza strain emerges.
Such outbreaks were not only human tragedies but also threatened to destabilise the world economy, the Korean said at the G20 summit in Brisbane, where he is promoting his proposal to leaders of the world’s most powerful economies.
“It would require something like a global health corps – people from all over the world who’d be ready to respond at a moment’s notice – (and) a fund that would disperse millions, and indeed billions, of dollars if necessary,” he told reporters.
Kim said the world was slow to react to the worst Ebola outbreak on record, which has killed some 5,000 people in Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea.
“The (Ebola) response was late and we all know that… if we had a flu pandemic that would move very quickly and potentially kill millions, we would need many billions of dollars dispersed right away,” he said.
He described the proposed fund as “almost like an insurance policy” for the world.
“When the World Health Organisation declares a global health emergency and invokes the international health regulations then, and only then would these funds be dispersed,” he said.
He said donors would not need to give money upfront, but would instead make arrangements to raise money on bond markets, adding “this is something we do all the time at the World Bank”.
The World Bank has estimated the financial impact of Ebola in the region could reach USD 32.6 billion by the end of 2015 if it continues to spread.
Kim said the crisis was far from over in West Africa, despite signs that infection rates were slowing in worst-hit Liberia, where there have been more than 2,800 deaths.
He said every single person infected by Ebola, one of the deadliest viruses known to man, needed to be tracked down.
“Ebola’s not a disease where you can leave a few cases and say that’s good enough, you’ve really got to get every country to zero… if we want to get to the endgame, that’s the way we have to go,” he said.
“Despite the pledges and the goodwill that’s been expressed, we still need much more. This is going to require many billions of dollars to get to zero in each of those three countries.”

The tiniest Welsh dragonRiversimple, the Welsh dragon that spits water vapour
Ken Wysocky
About the author
Ken is a freelance writer and editor who resides in suburban Milwaukee, Wisconsin. A former newspaper reporter and magazine editor, Ken has more than 25 years of editorial and communications experience.
Read more about these links.
(Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images)
A hydrogen-powered electric car under development in Wales is bringing more than just a C02-free powertrain to the table. Riversimple founder and chief engineer Hugo Spowers and his team are striving to upend the business model of making and selling – not to mention owning – cars.
Related
From junk cars, new bikes
“Disruptive technology can only work if it comes with a new business model,” says Spowers, who, in addition to being an entrepreneur, is a lifelong motorsport enthusiast, having fielded a private team in the 1980s. “When someone comes up with a radical new idea, the conversation always turns to why it can’t be done. And generally speaking, many of those reasons are true. But if you’re prepared to throw out the whole context and start again from scratch, all the reasons why something can’t be done just fall away.”
(Riversimple)
Spowers is no stranger to challenging the status quo, having worked on the hydrogen-powered LIFECar , a demonstration hydrogen-powered vehicle developed by a consortium that included Morgan Motor, the defence contractor QinetiQ, Cranfield University and Oxford University.
Like that project, Spowers’ little Welsh startup is perhaps best represented by its prototype, an as-yet-unnamed, two-seat wonder of Smart Fortwo stature whose toylike form conceals radical innards. “We’ve designed a car around hydrogen fuel cells rather than trying to put fuel cells into cars designed around the internal-combustion engine for the last 100 years,” Spowers says.
Compressed hydrogen travels from a pressurised tank mounted at the rear axle to hydrogen fuel cells tucked in the car’s nose. The cells convert the fuel into electricity, which in turn powers four direct-drive motors, one housed in each wheel. The direct-drive equipment obviates Riversimple from having to fit a gearbox; drivers just push buttons on the dash for forward, neutral or reverse.
“There are no moving parts, except for the wheels,” Spowers says. “There’s no metal-to-metal contact, no lubrication required and no mechanical wear.”
The carbon-fibre body shell of Riversimple's earlier prototype. (Riversimple, via 40fires)
Additional electricity is created via regenerative braking – whereby energy expended in slowing or stopping is recaptured rather than being lost as heat – and stored in a bank of supercapacitors that Spowers says will provide 80% of the car’s motive power down the road. “That means the fuel cells only need to supply 20% of the power during acceleration,” Spowers notes. Conventional friction brakes intercede for higher-speed emergency stops and braking below 8kph (5mph).
The prototype, which weighs about 520kg (1,147lbs) and measures 3.7 meters (roughly 12ft) long, scoots from zero to 50mph – its top crusing speed – in a respectable 8 seconds, Spowers claims, and has a driving range of about 300 miles before requiring refuelling.
While the final design is still being finalised, the demonstrator model reveals a sleek, light carbon-fibre body created by Chris Reitz, the company’s design chief. Reitz has put his stamp on many notable cars, including the Fiat 500 , and has worked for Volkswagen, Audi, Nissan and Alfa Romeo.
But Riversimple also differentiates itself in another key respect. Just as the Beatles observed that money can’t buy love, it can’t buy a Riversimple car, either.
Rather, consumers will be charged a monthly fee that ostensibly serves as a lease payment, but also covers other car-related expenses such as insurance, fuel and routine maintenance. “Refuelling bills will come right to us for payment,” Spowers says.
The first prototype was presented at Somerset House in London. (Riversimple)
This mobility-as-service approach is not new; the (now bankrupt) battery-swapping startup Better Place tried it, and Hyundai recently introduced a similar programme in the southwest US for its Tucson electric SUV , powered by hydrogen fuel cells. (A $499 monthly lease payment over three years covers all fuel and maintenance costs.) Spowers says that the monthly payment will also help subsidise the development of fuelling infrastructure.
While an exact fee remains undetermined, Spowers estimates it will total about £450 (roughly $720) – comparable to the monthly operating costs of a new, moderately priced car. Fees will vary according to how far consumers drive each month.
“We’re rethinking the provision of mobility from a clean sheet of paper, without the legacy barriers imposed by the existing industry,” Spowers says. ”We’ve designed a solution that’s not just a car, but a business model that suits the 21st Century.”
That consumers will eventually return their cars to Riversimple for “resale” motivates the company to design products that last, as opposed to the conventional planned-obsolescence mindset of the car industry at large.
“Designing a car for this business model requires us to sell performance, not just cars,” Spowers says. “This changes our design drivers from obsolescence and high running costs to longevity and lower running costs – completely opposite from what drives the current auto industry.”
The principle may be difficult for consumers to grasp initially, Spowers concedes, but Riversimple ultimately expects motorists to gravitate towards a clean, viable alternative to ownership or conventional leasing schemes. Beta testing of 20 vehicles is slated for late 2015, with production expected to start in mid-2017.
As for name recognition, all in good time.
Hugo Spowers and the Riversimple car. (Riversimple)
If you would like to comment on this or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter .

G-20 leaders to tackle corruption at summitThe B-20 meeting engages governments on behalf of the international business community. Leaders of the top 20 industrialized nations will gather in Brisbane November 15-16 for their annual G20 summit. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Brisbane | Posted: November 14, 2014 9:47 pm
Corruption is a perennial topic for the G-20, with leaders dubbing it a threat to global growth, and activists arguing it hurts the poorest countries the most by siphoning away desperately needed money that could be used to improve health systems, schools and roads.
Washington, DC-based advocacy group ONE has urged leaders to make the issue a top priority at this weekend’s summit in Brisbane after recently releasing a report that estimates money laundering, bribery and tax evasion cost the developing world more than USD 1 trillion a year.
The group also estimates that as many as 3.6 million deaths could be prevented if money drained from the poorest countries by corruption was invested in health systems.
Anti-corruption group Transparency International, Amnesty International and other human rights groups have urged G-20 leaders to deliver concrete results at the summit, calling in particular for a crackdown on the use of shell companies that hide the true owners of businesses.
Anti-corruption advocates want public registries created that would show who actually owns and benefits from companies. Since 2010, the G-20 has issued two-year action plans on anti-corruption efforts, and a report on what has been achieved under the last plan is expected at this weekend’s summit.
The leaders will also issue a new plan for 2015-16, which is expected to include commitments on issues such as foreign bribery, stolen asset recovery and whistleblower protection, said A J Brown, a director with Transparency International Australia.

http://usat.ly/1qHZdyQFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Black Friday doesn't have the best deals
Thanksgiving is now officially better than Black Friday when it comes to getting deals, according to multiple reports from companies that track retail discounts. But shoppers don't even have to wait until then
Post to Facebook
Black Friday doesn't have the best deals Thanksgiving is now officially better than Black Friday when it comes to getting deals, according to multiple reports from companies that track retail discounts. But shoppers don't even have to wait until then Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uqPSAB
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
12
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Black Friday doesn't have the best deals
Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 1:40 p.m. EST November 14, 2014
2014 holiday logo
2395 CONNECT 135 TWEET 104 LINKEDIN 12 COMMENTEMAILMORE
The monikers Black Friday and Cyber Monday have become linguistic pawns in the retail discount game as stores take "doorbusters" digital and dangle "Black Friday" sales in front of customers weeks before the actual event.
Now, Thanksgiving is officially better than Black Friday when it comes to getting deals, according to a report from Adobe Systems. But shoppers don't even have to wait until then to take home hot products at the cheapest prices.
Black Friday is "more of an idea than a single-day event anymore," says Calvin Silva, lead retail analyst at Nasdaq Advisory Services.
Enter the pre-Black Friday sale. In the never-ending race to stay ahead of the competition, retailers are rolling out deeper discounts earlier. Target, Walmart, Amazon, Kohl's, Toys R Us, Sears and Staples are all planning pre-Black Friday sales, some of which have already started.
More retailers offering last-minute Christmas delivery
Online prices will hit their lowest point on Thanksgiving, with an average discount of 24%, according to Adobe. That beats any other day of the holiday season. Prices will still be an average of 20% off the week leading up to Thanksgiving, and online and in-store prices are generally expected to match, other than with store-specific Black Friday promotions, Adobe says. As online and mobile shopping grows in popularity every year, retailers are trying to compete with the fact that customers can access goods online anytime they want, says Jon Lal, CEO of coupon site BeFrugal.com. Walmart is calling its campaign the "new Black Friday."
"Black Friday is no longer about waking up at the crack of dawn to stand in long lines and hope for the best," Walmart's Chief Merchandising Officer Duncan Mac Naughton said about the company's holiday plans. In a call with media he added, "I think you're going to see chapters of activity throughout the month."
Retailers say they're responding to customer demand, though deal experts say the earlier sales are just as much, if not more, of a strategic decision.
"It's not necessarily consumers (who) want to get out there and shop earlier," says Loren Bendele, president of discount website Savings.com. "It's just retailers trying to get those sales sooner and therefore stealing from their competition. If you're going to buy a big-screen TV, you're only going to buy one, so whoever gets it first wins."
Dates you need to know for holiday shopping
A Savings.com analysis of deals from the past five years, released this week, found that the number of deals available from retailers peak the week before Thanksgiving. Although the best time to buy depends on what you're looking for, Bendele says. The Savings.com data found that the best day to buy toys is the day before Thanksgiving, while your best bet for electronics is the very beginning of November. The website also found that holiday deals advertised as early as October more than doubled between 2009 and 2013.
A report from Savings.com finds the best time to buy electronics during the holidays is the beginning of November.
(Photo: PAUL J. RICHARDS, AFP/Getty Images)
Consumers who have started shopping say they're already finding attractive deals. Michele Polanski, a 33 year-old from Fort Worth, says she saw Black Friday-like prices at Gap in the past week while shopping for clothes for her family's holiday picture. She says the experience has made her less likely to want to shop on Thanksgiving and Black Friday.
"Not everybody has the desire to go out on Black Friday because it's a zoo," Polanski says. "I feel like the retailers are making it easier to get the same kind of deals but not have to endure that."
But you can't completely disregard the magnitude of deals on Black Friday, says Brian Hoyt, spokesperson for deal website RetailMeNot, though he concedes Black Friday no longer stands out as much as it once did. The average savings on Black Friday last year was 37%, the same as on Thanksgiving and the following Saturday, according an analysis of offers on RetailMeNot.
"The reality is that the five days of savings from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday are still the most active, deepest discounts and most savings consumers experience throughout the year," he says.
This year Black Friday will be about showcasing deals on specific items like HD TVs and gaming systems, where shoppers care more about price than about where they buy the product, Silva says. Consumers looking for new clothes should start shopping now, though, while apparel retailers are already pushing steep discounts, he says. With the rise in online and mobile shopping, Black Friday has become less important as a day for blowout sales.
"Retailers are understanding that they've also got other channels that they can leverage," Silva says. "They don't really need to count on all of the volume being moved on that day."
2395 CONNECT 135 TWEET 104 LINKEDIN 12 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uqPSAB
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Uranus might be full of surprisesBy Rachel Feltman November 14 Follow @rachelfeltman
This animation from University of Arizona planetary scientist Erich Karkoschka, employs splotches and swaths of color to illustrate newly revealed features of the interior of Uranus's southern hemisphere. (Erich Karkoschka, University of Arizona)
Scientists used to think that things were pretty chill over in the south hemisphere of Uranus. In fact, they thought it was one of the calmest regions of any of the gas giants. But in analyzing images taken nearly three decades ago by NASA's Voyager-2 spacecraft, researchers think they've found a kerfuffle of activity — which might indicate that there's something unusual about the planet's interior.
If you look at these old photos of Uranus, the planet appears to be a stark, featureless ball. And even to scientists, who were able to identify more lively features of the gas giant, it was still considered pretty bland.
Voyager-2's picture of Uranus made the place look pretty dull. (NASA)
But when University of Arizona astronomer Erich Karkoschka took another look, he saw a different story. He presented his findings this week at the meeting of the Division for Planetary Science of the American Astronomical Association.
Karkoshchka believes that Uranus's southern hemisphere rotates in a way never before seen in gas giants. A gas planet's thick atmosphere, filled with clouds, typically shows the same rate of rotation at the top and bottom. But on Uranus, it seems, the southern hemisphere is cycling much more quickly than up north — as much as 15 percent faster.
"The unusual rotation of high southern latitudes of Uranus is probably due to an unusual feature in the interior of Uranus," Karkoshcka said in a statement . "While the nature of the feature and its interaction with the atmosphere are not yet known, the fact that I found this unusual rotation offers new possibilities to learn about the interior of a giant planet."
Data on gas giants in general are few and far between, so anything that Karkoshcka can glean about Uranus's core would help scientists understand the other planets like it.
"Most of the more than a thousand planets discovered around other stars are similar in size to Uranus," Karkoschka said . "They are too far for us to be able to measure their rotational profiles for the foreseeable future, but with an improved knowledge about Uranus, we might be better able to draw conclusions about their interior structure."
The coolest thing about the work is that it relies on old images. Voyager-2 is long past Uranus these days, but Karkoshchka has shown that its old photos are worth another visit.
1 of 37

European Space agency releases first picture from cometUpdated: November 14, 2014 00:13 IST
European Space agency releases first picture from comet
AP
Tweet
AP
The lander scored a historic first Wednesday, touching down on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko after a decade-long, 6.4 billion-kilometer (4 billion-mile) journey through space aboard its mother ship Rosetta. File photo
TOPICS
science and technology
Philae’s instruments operating normally despite failure to latch on properly to the rocky terrain
The European Space Agency on Thursday published the first image taken from the surface of a comet and said that its Philae lander is still “stable” despite a failure to latch on properly to the rocky terrain.
The lander scored a historic first Wednesday, touching down on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko after a decade-long, 6.4 billion-kilometer (4 billion-mile) journey through space aboard its mother ship Rosetta.
Scientists’ jubilation was slightly dampened because the harpoons which were meant to anchor the lander to the surface failed to deploy, causing it to bounce twice before it came to rest on the comet’s 4 kilometer-wide body, or nucleus.
“Philae is stable, sitting on the nucleus and is producing data,” Gerhard Schwehm, a scientist on the Rosetta mission, told The Associated Press. “The lander is very healthy.”
The photo sent back to Earth shows a rocky surface, with one of the lander’s three feet in the corner of the frame.
Scientists are still analyzing what effect the two bounces had on the spacecraft and plan to release further details at a news briefing at 2 p.m. (1300 GMT; 8 a.m. EST). Communication with the lander is slow, with signals taking more than 28 minutes to travel some 500 million kilometres (300 million miles) between Earth and the Rosetta orbiter.
Schwehm said it may still be possible to fire the harpoons but that this would be done only if it doesn’t imperil the lander.
Another key question is whether Philae’s drill can be used to extract samples from beneath the surface without pushing the lander into space. Gravity on the comet is 1/100,000th that of Earth, meaning the washing machine-sized lander weighs just 1 gram (0.04 ounces) there.
Philae and Rosetta will use 21 instruments to analyze the comet over the coming months. Scientists hope the 1.3 billion ($1.6 billion) project will help them better understand comets and other celestial objects, as well as possibly answer questions about the origins of life on Earth.

http://usat.ly/1utwkLHFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
S&P 500 bumps up to another record close, Dow slips
Stock futures were slightly higher Friday as retail sales in October came in better-than expected in a hopeful sign for the upcoming holiday season.
Post to Facebook
S&P 500 bumps up to another record close, Dow slips Stock futures were slightly higher Friday as retail sales in October came in better-than expected in a hopeful sign for the upcoming holiday season. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1utwkLH
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
S&P 500 bumps up to another record close, Dow slips
William Cummings , USA TODAY 5 p.m. EST November 14, 2014
Major indexes were relatively flat Friday, but better-than-expected retail sales give hope for the holiday shopping season. Overall retail sales rose 0.3% in October. Newslook
The New York Stock Exchange in New York City.
(Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP)
51 CONNECT 100 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks closed mixed Friday as the S&P 500 managed to eke out a small gain that gave it its 41st record closing high of the year.
The Dow slipped slightly, retreating from its record high but posted a weekly gain for the fourth straight week.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 0.49, or less than 0.1%, to a record closing high of 2039.82.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 18.05 points, or 0.1%, to 17,634.74, pulling back slightly from Thursday's record closing high of 17,652.79.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 8.40,or 0.2%, to 4688.54.
For the week, the Dow was up 0.4%, the S&P 500 gained 0.4% and the Nasdaq surged 1.2%
The lackluster trading came despite a report on October retail sales that came in better-than expected in a hopeful sign for the upcoming holiday season.
Retail sales rose 0.3% in October, rebounding from a a 0.3% drop in September, as falling gasoline prices helped boost discretionary cash for consumers. That beat estimates for a rise of 0.2%, according to Actions Economics.

Linda Greenhouses reaction to the cert grant in King v. BurwellBy Orin Kerr November 14
Over at the New York Times , Linda Greenhouse has a puzzling column on the cert grant in King v. Burwell . Greenhouse condemns the cert grant in Burwell as “a naked power grab by conservative justices” because they took the case when there was no circuit split and no emergency. According to Greenhouse, the Court’s decision to hear the case absent a split has had an enormous impact on her view of the Supreme Court as an institution:
In decades of court-watching, I have struggled — sometimes it has seemed against all odds — to maintain the belief that the Supreme Court really is a court and not just a collection of politicians in robes. This past week, I’ve found myself struggling against the impulse to say two words: I surrender.
I think there are two ways to read Greenhouse’s column. First, perhaps it just reflects Greenhouse’s anguish over the likelihood that the Supreme Court will reverse on the merits. The cert grant absent a split suggests that is likely, and perhaps her column is just a way of expressing anguish over an expected future 5-4 decision along ideological lines. If that’s what the column signals, then I think I understand.
If we take Greenhouse’s argument at face value, on the other hand, I don’t see how the cert grant in this one case is supposed to have such tremendous importance. First, the decision to grant is just decision to hear a case, not a merits opinion. We can speculate about who voted to granted cert and why. But it’s just that: speculation. We don’t actually know.
Second, I think there was a good reason to grant in King absent a split. The stakes of the case are enormous, and the DC Circuit panel decision showed that at least two very respected judges saw it differently. Given that the issue can be litigated in any circuit, and future uncertainty on the issue is very troublesome, I don’t see it as particularly ominous that the Court would want to step in now. (For what it’s worth, I have no idea what the right answer is in the case: I haven’t worked through the materials to have a sense of which side is more persuasive. But at least from the outside, it seems like a serious question.)
Finally, I find Greenhouse’s stated rationale puzzling because there are instances of the Court granting cert absent a split or an emergency when Greenhouse apparently hasn’t found the grant at all objectionable. Consider the cert petition in Lawrence v. Texas , which did not allege a split or claim an emergency. The Court granted cert even though the petition did not meet the usual criteria for cert. When Greenhouse has written about Lawrence, she hasn’t lamented the cert grant as a “power grab” (naked or otherwise) that ruined her faith in the Supreme Court. Instead she has celebrated what a wonderful moment it was when the Court handed down its opinion.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.

Reliance Entertainment plans to acquire Western game studiosReliance Entertainment plans to acquire Western game studios in 2015
Reuters Nov 15, 2014, 03.27AM IST
Tags:
Anil Dhirubhai Ambani
(Reliance Entertainment…)
Reliance Entertainment plans to begin acquiring North American and European mobile game studios starting in early 2015, in hopes of becoming a significant global player in the fast-growing mobile games industry.
The company, which is the biggest stakeholder in DreamWorks Animation Studios, is in talks with bankers to identify and acquire up-and-coming mobile game studios in North America and Europe to boost sales, Chief Executive Manish Agarwal told Reuters in a phone interview.
"We will go full steam in the January and February time frame in terms of identifying studios," Agarwal said. "Gaming is going to be the largest share of the pie of entertainment time spent, and Reliance would like to be a sizeable player in that space."
Reliance Entertainment is a unit of Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani, one of largest conglomerates, with businesses ranging from financial services to infrastructure and power. Its Reliance Games unit is looking at smaller studios at $2 million to $5 million a pop, at least initially, according to Agarwal.
Agarwal said the potential for Reliance Games is "huge."
"In three years, our business will make $50 million in net revenue, and in five years we'll be a $100 million company," he said. Net revenue is after cuts taken by app stores from Google, Apple and others.
Reliance Games, which to date has focused on making titles related to Hollywood properties in partnership with studios such as Warner Bros, Sony and Lions Gate, hopes to use acquisitions to expand into other genres, Agarwal said. Genres of interest include real-time action strategy akin to Supercell's "Clash of Clans," puzzlers like King's "Candy Crush Saga," builder games like Supercell's "Boom Beach," and social casino games.
Reliance Games develops its own titles at its Pune-based studio in India as well as partnering with other game studios. With about 50 million downloads, its most successful game franchise has been "Real Steel," with action titles based on the DreamWorks movie with the same name featuring Hugh Jackman.
In the face of competition from larger and more seasoned players such as King and Japan's GungHo Online Entertainment, Reliance has yet to make waves in a competitive mobile gaming space that investors worry is a fickle, hit-driven business.
  Agarwal, who did not identify targets, made it clear that Reliance does not want studios that could be one-hit wonders, such as OMGPOP, which was acquired by Zynga for $200 million but shut down over a year later.
Reliance Games wants nimble studios of five to 12 members and that are "one game away from creating that elusive hit and looking to scale," Agarwal said. "If the game is already doing good, the shelf life of the game could be six to 12 months."
Currently, about 70 percent of Reliance Game's revenue comes from North America, the UK, Russia and Korea, and about 20 percent from India, mostly from games offered through telecom carriers rather than app stores.
"For us, it is not an India story as yet as the opportunity lies in growing globally, Agarwal said. "India is the fastest growing market in terms of Android and gaming is going to compete with TV watch. ... What China is today, India will be in the next 24 to 36 months."
FEATURED ARTICLES

IIM-A to woo foreigners  allowing freshers to return with work experienceB-school
(Apart from wooing foreigners,…)
MUMBAI: From next year, students of the Indian Institute of Management in Ahmedabad are likely to rub shoulders with a more diverse set of batchmates, including foreigners.
Even as MBA aspirants gear up to crack the Common Admission Test on Sunday, IIM-A is ready with new initiatives to widen diversity in the classroom. Apart from wooing foreigners , the elite B-school is introducing deferred admissions — offering guaranteed seats to freshers who agree to get work experience — attempts to encourage diversity and deal with what director Ashish Nanda calls "homogeneity" in the classroom.
"Our objective is to educate leaders of enterprises. We find the students learn to be better leaders when the classroom they come into has a richness and diversity of experience," says Nanda, the first director to be hired from an overseas institute in IIM-A's 53-year history. Nanda, who worked at Harvard Business School for over 13 years before moving to Harvard Law School, has loosely modelled the deferred admissions policy on the 2+2 programme at Harvard.
Freshers who get admission at IIM-A from the 2015-17 session will — if the institute feels they would benefit from the experience — be given the choice of coming back in two years after gaining relevant work experience. The institute will guarantee their seat when they return.
"The Indian psyche often is that you try and finish your entire formal education at one go. If a student works really hard and manages to get into IIM-A, they don't want to take the risk of forfeiting their seat," observes Nanda. "We are trying to change that by reserving seats for some bright students without work experience while they go and get some work experience before joining. That way, the students benefit, as do their classes."
Globally, top business schools look for diversity of age, work experience, gender, ethnicity and culture to enhance the classroom experience and bring together students from varied backgrounds. The IIMs have been trying to get a more diverse mix as well.
First Year will be More of a Test Run
While efforts to get a better proportion of women have been bearing fruit of late, they are still faced with a preponderance of engineers and freshers or people with very little work experience. Attempts to bring in more international students have not really paid off either.
"With limited diversity comes a limited pool of differential thinking and with limited experience comes a bit of immaturity in terms of how the business world works.
Therefore, the time required for companies like us to train them is more than grads from institutes like Harvard and INSEAD, who hit the ground running. This is definitely a great idea on IIM-A's part," says IIM-A alumni Suresh Subudhi, partner and director at the Boston Consulting Group in India.
IIM-A's board has just approved a quota for admitting international students, setting aside additional seats equivalent to 10% of the regular class size for them. This supernumerary quota has so far been used primarily by technical institutes such as the National Institutes of Technology through the MHRD's DASA (Direct Admissions of Students Abroad) scheme. Nanda says that the first year will be more of a test run since they intend to focus on getting a high quality of foreign students.
The institute will soon kick off efforts to attract international students by reaching out to consulates as well as top-rated institutes of targeted countries, initially the littoral states of the Indian Ocean, as well as South and East Africa, the Middle-East, Southeast Asia, and SAARC countries.
"Based on informal interactions, we have already received positive responses," says Nanda. "For instance, Bhutan said it would be eager to give scholarships to students from there who made it to IIM-A. I received similar feedback when visiting Dubai recently," he says. Shikha Sharma, MD & CEO of Axis Bank and an IIM-A alumni, said it was a good move to have a more diverse classroom.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Technology startups: Northwest Delhi is slowly turning into India s newest hotspotAcquevix
(The low rentals, engineering…)
NEW DELHI: Students once flocked there to be coached on how to enter elite universities. These days a new breed of youngsters are turning the dusty fringes of northwest Delhi into India's newest hotspot for technology startups.
The low rentals, engineering talent and ease of connectivity are combining to make these areas — that are a mere 30-minute metro ride from central Delhi — a magnet for young entrepreneurs dreaming of building the next billion-dollar startup.
"It is a mini Bangalore — a perfect ecosystem to start a tech product business," said Sparsh Gupta, an Oxford University graduate who started website performance testing startup Wingify from his bedroom in West Delhi in 2009.
His company as well as other startup offices in the area offer a range of perks for employees from free laundry service to gyms, gaming rooms, massage chairs, unlimited chocolates and 24x7 food and snacks, once regarded as privileges offered by multinational companies.
Wingify and startups like Posist, IIMJobs, Zest.md, TweetSecrets, Ad-Pushup, Acquevix, Zecross and 99Fusion all are located within a radius of about seven kilometres spanning the suburbs of Netaji Subhash Place (NSP), Pitampura and Rohini. While higher priced locations like Gurgaon and Okhla have several ecommerce companies, West Delhi with its campuses of engineering colleges is emerging as a technology startup hub.
Investing in Each Other's Cos
"We want to build India's first billion dollar valued product company and are not even open currently to external funding," said Paras Chopra, CEO of Wingify, which earns revenue of over $10 million (Rs 60 crore) a year, all from clients based in the US.
Chopra, an alumnus of Delhi College of Engineering, regards the area as premier hunting ground for recruits. His five-year-old startup occupies the 14th floor of an upmarket building in the area, where rentals are about Rs 60 per square feet, almost half of what a plush Gurgaon set-up charges.
In an adjacent building, 26-year old Shivanshu Jindal runs TweetSecret, a Hollywood-focused celebs tweet platform. The company allows celebs to tweet videos of their backstage and personal life to subscribers and the money earned is shared with the celebrities.
The startup, which has its sales headquarters in Los Angeles, works with about 35 celebrities such as WWE wrestlers Chris Jericho, Rob Van Dam and Shelly Martinez besides a few Hollywood actors. "The energy of entrepreneurs all around pumps you with motivation every day you come to work," said Jindal, who charges about $2.99 per month per user.
  Several web training academies in the area skill people in coding. College dropouts Atul Aggarwal and Ankit Oberoi started teaching ethical hacking skills in 2008. The business thrived and they opened over 20 branches across India in last five years. Last year, the duo started AdPushup, a testing platform for online ads. This month, AdPushup raised about Rs 3.8 crore from about 14 angel investors that includes Slideshare co-founder Amit Ranjan and Wingify's Chopra.
"The web training shops earlier catered to the small merchants of Old Delhi. Now they are catering to the US companies," said Oberoi, 25, who has registered his company in Delaware, US. Backed by seed capital, he is now opening a new office replete with nap rooms, gym, foosball and free cafeteria to attract the technology talent from across India.
The recruitment strategy is working. "West Delhi was one of the last places on my bucket list to even visit in India. But the billion-dollar dreams of Wingify founders has pulled me here," said Sanket Nadhani, now responsible for global expansion at the Delhi-based startup. He moved from Bangalore, where he was head of marketing at enterprise software maker FusionCharts.
The young entrepreneurs from the area are also investing in each other's companies. MantraGrid Inc founder Arun Bansal, who has started TheServerGuy, a marketplace of server experts, has also invested in AdPushup. "TheServerGuy is a global marketplace curated by us and run from Delhi to solve any server problem for global customers," said Bansal, 25. His previous company MantraGrid provides IT services from North-West Delhi.
Things weren't as rosy few years ago. Recruitment consultants would reject West Delhi-based Ashish Tulsian's requests just four years ago to find them some senior talent for a telecom software company.
"Candidates won't even turn up for an interview," said Tulsian, who shut the telecom venture to start Posist, a cloud-based restaurant management platform. Last month Posist raised Rs 3 crore from investors such as Sameer Guglani of Chandigarh-based incubator - The Morpheus and Muthu Murugappan, scion of the Rs 22,500-crore Murugappa Group. "The spread of metro across the capital has eased recruitment. It is encouraging people to start up," he added.
Industry experts are of the view that the presence of techies from local college campuses and a vibrant community of ethical hackers has helped to nurture the tech ecosystem in the area. "(They) are now branching out to develop global tech products," said Mumbai Angels' member Utsav Somani, who has invested in local technology startups like AdPushup, Testbook and Zippr.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bali trade deal may be sealed this monthYou are here: Home > Collections > India
Bali trade deal between India and US may be sealed this month
Dilasha Seth, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Brisbane
(The official made it clear…)
NEW DELHI: The global trade deal agreed in Bali last year may be sealed as early as month end after India and US worked out a balancing formula that will take care of India's public food stockpiling requirements. The deal between India and US will not only provide an unambiguous and indefinite peace clause but also a clear and early timeline for the permanent solution on food security.
"The agreement will address the imbalances in the Bali deal. We would have been desperate for a peace clause only after 2017, which now has been made perpetual, unambiguous and enforceable", said a government official.
The official made it clear that India has not agreed to any additional conditions at all in return for a permanent peace clause.
"It is a result of a just cause and a strong leadership, which we have seen for the first time. There are no additional conditions imposed for the peace clause, rather there is a lot of improvements in the language of the peace clause, which will clear all ambiguities", he added.
The proposal floated by India has also asked for a quick permanent solution on the public stockpiling of foodgrain issue, which will require amendments in the agreement on agriculture.
The proposal which will be put before the general council will be over and above what India asked for on July 31. "It is definitely a July 31 plus proposal", said the official.
India has also sought immediate setting up of an institutional mechanism to discuss possible solutions to the food security issue, which will lead to a permanent solution by sometime in 2015. It also wants the WTO's general council to review its progress early next year.
There must be clear-cut procedures, timelines and outcomes under this institutional mechanism so as to arrive at a permanent solution, India is believed to have proposed. India has also reiterated its demand for changes in the WTO norms for calculating agricultural subsidies, which limit them at 10% of the total value of production of that particular crop. As the support is calculated at the 1986-88 prices, the G-33 proposal, led by India has sought revision of the base to a more recent year or factoring in of high inflation over the years in calculating the cap.
In July, India had sought a December 31 timeline to arrive at a permanent solution on food security and public stockholding. The deal will be placed before the rest of the WTO members at the general council meeting, expected to be brought forward to November 27-28 from currently scheduled December 10-11.
Meanwhile, WTO DG Roberto Azevedo said on Friday in Brisbane that there was a 'high probability' that the Bali deal could be implemented within the next two weeks now. "I would say that we have a high probability that the Bali package will be implemented very shortly. I'm hopeful that we can do it in a very short period of time, certainly within the next two weeks," Azevedo, said ahead of a Group of 20 Leaders Summit.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jan-Dhan: Kerala  Goa first to ensure bank A...Goa
(Kerala and Goa have become…)
NEW DELHI: Kerala and Goa have become the first states in the country to provide one basic bank account to every household, achieving the primary goal of the to every household, achieving the primary goal of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) in two-and-a-half months of its launch.
The finance ministry on Friday said Kerala and Goa became 100% saturated states in terms of coverage of all households on November 11. In addition, the Union Territories of Chandigarh, Puducherry and Lakshadweep, and three districts of Gujarat — Porbandar, Mehasana and Gandhi Nagar — have also covered all households under PMJDY with at least one bank account, it said.
"As on 10 November, 2014, 7.24 crore accounts have been opened under PMJDY, of which 4.29 crore are in rural and 2.95 crore are in urban areas," a finance ministry statement said. "RuPay cards have been issued in case of 3.97 crore accounts."
PMJDY, which was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on August 28, seeks to cover 7.5 crore un-banked households in the country in the first phase. It provides Rs 5,000 overdraft facility for Aadhar-linked accounts and RuPay debit card, besides a Rs 1 lakh accident insurance cover The scheme also envisages channeling all benefits from the Union, state and local governments to the beneficiaries' accounts.
The finance ministry said banks have been asked to be prepared for the modified direct benefit transfer for LPG (DBTL) scheme, which is proposed to be launched in 54 districts on Friday.
Recently, financial services secretary Hasmukh Adhia reviewed the progress of PMJDY with state-level banking committee (SLBC) conveners of all states. "Banks were asked to undertake Information and education campaign to disseminate information and awareness among the masses," the ministry said.
The statement noted that 83% of the survey work has been completed and banks have been asked to complete the remaining work by November 30. "As per the initial results, on an average, about 80% of the households surveyed have now got at least one bank account," it said, adding that a reward scheme has also been put in place to incentivise the bankers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

ATM-like Kiosk for residents of Bengaluru to...Bengaluru
(The kiosk, equipped with…)
BENGALURU: Residents of Bengaluru won't have to go all the way to a police station or figure out the jurisdiction of a case when they want to file a first information report (FIR). The Bengaluru City Police has set up a kiosk that lets anyone file an FIR at any time, irrespective of where an incident such as theft or accident may have occurred.
The move is the latest step by the Bengaluru Police to make procedures such as filing an FIR easy and hassle-free for citizens. It will also provide the police with a more realistic picture of crime in the city.
The kiosk, equipped with high-definition audio-video and a touch screen, will enable citizens to file a complaint by speaking to a police officer and also sign, print and scan documents. They can review the complaint with an expert to ensure that the FIR is error-free. Once the FIR is filed, a printed copy will be issued as an instant acknowledgement.
The facility was developed by Cisco and has been set up by the Bengaluru Police at Mantri Mall in Malleswaram as a pilot project for three months. Anticipating the success of the project, Cisco plans to start manufacturing the kiosks in India.
"The first kiosk was imported from the UK and modified for localisation in Bengaluru, but we are planning to start manufacturing the entire unit in India itself," Dinesh Malkani, President at Cisco India , told ET.
The kiosk will serve as the central location for FIRs related to 105 police stations and 42 traffic police stations in the city. Updates on FIRs will be issued by SMS alerts. With this kiosk, citizens of Bengaluru will be able to register cases freely and provide the police with a realistic picture of crime in the city.
Within 20 minutes of the launch by Karnataka chief minister Siddaramaiah, two FIRs were filed at the kiosk — one for a car theft and the other for an accident.
"This project will reinstill a sense of safety among the residents of Bengaluru," Siddaramaiah said. "It will bring in transparency in crime records and will also help in controlling corruption in the police department."
Bengaluru Commissioner of Police MN Reddi told ET at least 100 such kiosks are needed to help make Bengaluru a safe city. "I'd say we need at least 100 such centres. It'll help remove the fear psychosis of walking into a police station, no matter how friendly we try to be with people," he said.
A similar project called Instant Complaint Logging Internet Kiosks (IClik), set up by Bhubaneswar police , had been built by Cisco. Various other police departments are also experimenting with technology to reduce crime. The Delhi police earlier this year launched a mobile app that lets residents register their police complaints and receive an acknowledgement by e-mail.
Such initiatives will help police departments build a central digital repository of crimes, making it easier to deploy the Crime and Criminal Tracking Network & Systems (CCTNS). The CCTNS project is aimed at facilitating the collection, storage, retrieval and sharing of data and information between police stations, state headquarters and the Central Police Organisations
FEATURED ARTICLES

Samsung SDS prices IPO at top of rangeSamsung SDS prices IPO at top of range
Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong and Simon Mundy and Song Jung-a in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b57d4e3e-60db-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Will  The Fab  be fabulous for ABC 7Will ‘The Fab’ be fabulous for ABC 7?
posted on
Tweet
Leah Ashley, Joe Zee, Tyra Banks, Chrissy Teigen and Lauren Makk
Just when WLS-Channel 7 finally has its morning and afternoon schedule straightened out, the top-rated ABC-owned station is bracing for more changes to its daytime lineup.
Next up is “The Fab” (an acronym for “Fun and Beautiful”), a Los Angeles-based syndicated lifestyle talk show. Host Tyra Banks, who’ll double as executive producer, will moderate a panel featuring YouTube star Leah Ashley, Yahoo! Fashion and Entertainment editor-in-chief Joe Zee, model Chrissy Teigen and interior designer Lauren Makk.
ABC 7 is one of eight ABC-owned stations that will air “The Fab” when it debuts in the fall of 2015. “Tyra and her panel of lifestyle experts share a chemistry that is energetic and extremely entertaining,” Rebecca Campbell, president of ABC Owned Station Group, said in a statement. It’s a return to daytime TV for Banks, who hosted her own talk show from 2005 to 2010.
The latest addition will mark the fourth time in four years that ABC 7 has rearranged its daytime schedule. That’s in contrast to the quarter-century of stability when “The Oprah Winfrey Show” at 9 a.m. led off the station’s bullet-proof block of morning and afternoon programming.
When will “The Fab” air here? ABC 7 executives are still figuring that out, but one thing is certain: “This show will not be replacing ‘Windy City Live,’ ” a station spokeswoman said emphatically Thursday. The locally produced talk show airs at 11 a.m. weekdays.
Rachael Ray, look out. Tyra Banks may be coming for you.
PREVIOUS POST

Alibaba targets state-dominated sectors© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c24e1540-69b8-11e4-8f4f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bajaj Electricals Q2 net loss at 14.21 croreComments
Bajaj Electricals Ltd on Thursday reported a net loss of Rs. 14.21 crore for the second quarter ended September.
The company had reported net loss of Rs. 15.35 crore in the same period of the previous fiscal, Bajaj Electricals said in a BSE filing.
Its net sales during the second quarter of 2014-15 stood at Rs. 1,028.63 crore, up 9.32%, from Rs. 940.92 crore during the same period last year.
Revenues from the lighting business stood at Rs. 225.95 crore, as against Rs. 250.93 crore, while revenues from consumer durables segment increased to Rs. 465.74 crore from Rs. 449.09 crore.
Revenues from the engineering and projects segment were at Rs. 337.29 crore in the quarter under review as against Rs. 241.59 crore in the year-ago period.
The company's shares were trading 14.32% down at Rs. 237 per scrip during afternoon session on the BSE.

India  US settle row over food securityIndia, US settle row over food security
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 13, 2014
First Published: 11:24 IST(13/11/2014) | Last Updated: 08:26 IST(14/11/2014)
Comments
India and the United States scripted a compromise formula on food subsidies on Thursday, paving the way to remove a major irritant in the stalled World Trade Organization (WTO) deal on easing of customs rules.
As part of a revised proposal, India and the US have agreed for an indefinite “peace clause” on food security until a permanent solution is found, marking a major success for the Narendra Modi government in global trade talks withstanding mounting diplomatic pressure from developed countries.
A “peace clause” gives legal security to member countries and protects them from being challenged under other WTO agreements.
HT first reported on September 22 the possibility the of breakthrough during Prime Minister Modi’s visit to the US when he discussed the issue with President Barack Obama.
Developed nations have shown support for a “peace clause” that would agree to developing countries’ demands on food security for a period of four years.
India, however, was pressing for a guarantee for further exemption until a permanent solution is negotiated and to find a way to allow countries the right to provide higher levels of subsidies for their poor beyond these four years.
India had made it clear that state-funded welfare schemes for the poor were non-negotiable even as it took the blame for blocking the TFA in July, as it did not come bundled with a roadmap for rules on food subsidies. (AFP Photo)
The latest move will likely help WTO members ratify the so-called trade facilitation agreement (TFA) to make trade easier, faster and cheaper by making systems transparent and reducing red tape.
In July, India had withstood mounting pressure from the developed countries including the US, which had blamed New Delhi’s hard bargain strategy for the eventual collapse of the talks putting the WTO’s future in “uncertain ground.”
India had made it clear that state-funded welfare schemes for the poor were non-negotiable even as it took the blame for blocking the TFA in July, as it did not come bundled with a roadmap for rules on food subsidies.
"The United States and India reached agreement today (Thursday) on a set of measures intended to break the impasse in the work of the World Trade Organization (WTO) to implement the agreements reached last December," said a US government statement.
The two countries agreed that India's food security programmes would not be challenged under WTO rules "until a permanent solution regarding this issue has been agreed and adopted," it said.
India's commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman tweeted that India and the US had "successfully resolved their impasse over food security issues in #WTO".
"WTO General Council will receive India's proposal and US will support us," she said.
Even after Modi's talks with Obama in September, India, however, held the view that without a permanent solution on food subsidies, public stockholding programmes such as buffer stock of food-grains will be hampered.
Existing rules cap the value of food subsidies at 10% of the value of production. But, the way the support is calculated at prices of more nearly three decades earlier means many countries would find it difficult to stay within the limit potentially attracting strong penalties from the trade body.
This will affect India’s food security programme and food grain procurement through the minimum support prices (MSP).
Bali package
New Delhi's decision in July to hold up the TFA to reduce trade barriers came after the WTO's members agreed at a December, 2013, meeting in the Indonesian island of Bali to implement the pact.
At the time of the Bali accord, WTO members agreed on a four-year "peace clause" to protect India from being punished over subsidies and stockpiles until a "permanent" solution" was reached. The agreement was due to take effect in mid-2015.
But after the Bali pact, Indian officials complained there were nearly two dozen meetings on the trade facilitation pact and just a handful on subsidies.
Bali was the first multilateral agreement concluded by the WTO since its inception in 1995.
It also signalled the first concrete progress on the Doha Round of trade liberalisation talks, launched in 2001 and aimed at underpinning development in poorer nations.
It took nearly a decade to conclude the trade facilitation part of the talks, which began in 2004.
"The agreement announced today (Thursday) between the US and India paves the way for full implementation of the WTO's Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA)...The agreement also reflects shared understandings regarding the WTO's work on food security," US Trade Representative Michael Froman said in a statement.
   
"We now look forward to working with all WTO members and with Director-General Roberto Azevedo to reach a consensus that enables full implementation of all elements of the landmark Bali Package, including the TFA," he added.
(With agency inputs) 

Halliburton seals $1.1bn Gulf spill settlementAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Mind Candy reveals struggle to shift to mobileMind Candy reveals scale of its struggle to shift to mobile
Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/65725076-6b47-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India regains spot as worlds top gold marketIndia regains spot as world’s top gold market
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, November 14, 2014
First Published: 01:16 IST(14/11/2014) | Last Updated: 07:45 IST(14/11/2014)
Comments
India regained its position as the world’s top gold consumer overtaking China as demand for the yellow metal surged by 39% year-on-year in the July-September quarter to 225.1 tonnes against 161.6 tonnes last year. Overall improvement in macro-economic sentiment and softening prices led to a rise in jewellery sales, World Gold Council said on Thursday. 
A salesclerk displays gold bangles to a customer at a jewelry shop in Jammu. The Hindu festival "Akshay Tritiya" is considered auspicious for buying gold among other things. (AP Photo/Channi Anand)
Jewellery demand in India jumped 60% to 182.9 tonnes in July-September, which WGC said was the second-highest third-quarter on record. In value terms, India’s total gold demand was up 31% to `56,219.3 crore.
“General sentiment among the Indian populace is up, aided by confidence in the new government… A weakening of the rupee and gold price during August and September also supported gold demand…The opportunity to buy at cheaper prices proved, for some consumers, hard to resist,” it said.
Somasundaram PR, managing director, WGC India, also pointed to the fact that there had been a dip in demand in the year-ago July-September quarter following several measures  announced by the government such as hike in gold import duties to control the current account deficit. 
“With the overall sentiment improving we are heading back to normal long-term average gold demand,” he said, adding that for the full year (2014) gold demand in India is likely to be in the range of 850-950 tonnes.
Somasundaram is hopeful that the government will review the restrictions and increased duties on gold imports as the measures have strengthened the grey market. WGC expects that close to 200 tonnes of gold will be imported into India illegally this year.
Meanwhile, global gold demand fell 2% to 929.3 tonnes in the third quarter — lowest in almost five years — dragged down by fall in Chinese demand. Jewellery demand in China plunged 37% to 182.7 tonnes.
It expects global gold demand this year will be between 4,000-4,100 tonnes, largely similar to last year.

Sensex off record high levels; oil companies plunge after excise hikeSensex off record high levels; oil companies plunge after excise hike
PTI  Mumbai, November 13, 2014
First Published: 10:03 IST(13/11/2014) | Last Updated: 04:34 IST(14/11/2014)
Comments
The benchmark BSE Sensex on Thursday fell from its all-time level to settle the day 68 points lower at 27,940.64 as investors became cautious after excise duty on petrol and diesel was hiked even as inflation cooled off and factory output grew in signs of economic recovery.
The Sensex rose in early trade on hopes of rate cut after inflation softened to 5.52% in October.
Three-month high industrial production growth of 2.5% in September also boosted the sentiment, brokers said.
But soon profit-booking emerged after the government hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel prices by Rs. 1.50 a litre each to mop up an additional Rs. 13,000 crore in revenue.
Some investors fear this may weaken the fight against inflation, a broker said.
After a highly volatile trade, the bellwether index finally settled the day at 27,940.64, showing a loss of 68.26 points or 0.24% from Wednesday's close, snapping three days of rise.
The 50-share Nifty also lost by 25.45 points or 0.30% to 8,357.85.
On Wednesday, the benchmark index had ended at an all-time closing high of 28,008.90 and also hit intra-day high of 28,126.48 on sustained foreign funds inflows driven by economic reforms undertaken by the government recently.
Meanwhile, foreign institutional investors bought shares net of Rs. 459.47cr on Wednesday as per the provisional figures issued by stock exchanges.
The 30-share index in the previous three days had gained by 140.27 points or 0.50% in the last three days.
"Indian equity markets cheered CPI and IIP with benchmark indices opening higher... But profit-taking was seen at higher levels.
"OMC (oil marketing companies) stocks witnessed profit booking... most banking shares were also weak on the index while IT and pharma stocks lifted the index," said Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, director and CEO, WealthRays Securities.
Stocks of state-run BPCL, HPCL and Indian Oil Corp ended up to 6.11% lower. ONGC was among the biggest Sensex losers, plunging by 2.03%, while RIL fell by 0.53%.
Major Sensex losers were SSLT (2.56%), Tata Power (2.47%), ONGC (2.03%), Gail (1.58%), Axis Bank (1.49%), Hero Motocorp (1.38%), HDFC (1.14%), SBI (0.84%) and ICICI Bank (0.83%).
Infosys rose by 1.77%, followed by Dr Reddy's Lab 1.01% and Cipla 0.91%.
Among the sectoral indices, Oil&Gas fell by 1.63%, followed by Realty 1.44%, Metal 0.76%, Bankex 0.71% and Auto 0.39%, while IT rose by 0.99% and Teck 0.74%.
The total market breadth turned negative as 1,733 stocks finished in the red, while 1,314 stocks closed in green. The total turnover dropped to Rs. 3,529.31 crore from Rs. 3,649.38 crore on Wednesday.
"The benchmarks were seen upholding sideways bias on Thursday as well, after the better than expected macro-economic data failed to trigger the directional move. In line with the key index, the sectoral indices too traded mixed whereas profit taking in the cash segment pushed the market breadth in the red," said Jayant Manglik, president of retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Sixteen scrips out of the 30-share Sensex pack ended lower while 14 others closed higher.
Asian markets were trading mixed.
Key indices in Hong Kong, Japan, Taiwan, and Singapore ended higher by 0.34-1.14%, while indices in China and South Korea finished lower by 0.34-0.36%.
European markets were trading higher as key indices in France, Germany and UK moved up by 0.31-1.01%.

Petrol  diesel excise duty hiked by 1.50 per litreComments
The government on Thursday hiked excise duty on petrol and diesel prices by Rs. 1.50 a litre each to mop up an additional Rs. 13,000 crore in revenue, a move that may translate into similar increase in retail rates.
The fall in international oil prices had resulted in six consecutive reduction in petrol prices since August and two in diesel in the last one month and there was possibility of another round of cuts this weekend.
But the possible reduction has now been negated as the the government decided to raise excise duty to shore up its revenue.
Excise duty on normal or unbranded petrol was hiked from Rs. 1.20 per litre to Rs. 2.70 per litre and unbranded diesel from Rs. 1.46 a litre to Rs. 2.96, a government notification said.
The same on branded petrol was raised from Rs. 2.35 a litre to Rs. 3.85 and on branded diesel from Rs. 3.75 to Rs. 5.25 per litre. While the excise duty hike will result in an immediate increase in both petrol and diesel prices, the expected reduction would keep the retail rates at almost the same levels.
There is also a possibility of state-owned oil firms preponing the planned review of fuel prices due on Saturday to make the whole exercise price neutral for consumers.
Before the duty hike, petrol cost Rs. 64.25 a litre in Delhi and diesel Rs. 53.35 a litre. While the fall in global rates and the resultant cuts in retail prices had led to loss of revenue to the exchquer, particularly, for state governments, there wasnt any loss to the Central government on account of reduction in petrol and diesel prices as excise duty on the two fuel is fixed and not ad valorem.
Unbranded petrol currently attracts a basic excise duty of Rs. 1.20 per litre, a special additional excise duty of Rs. 6 a litre and a road cess of Rs. 2 per litre.
Unbranded diesel attracts a basis excise duty of Rs. 1.46 a litre and road cess of Rs. 2 per litre.
The total excise duty on unbranded petrol will rise from Rs. 9.20 to Rs. 10.70 per litre and than on unbranded diesel from Rs. 3.46 to Rs. 4.96 per litre.
Branded petrol currently attracts an excise duty of Rs. 10.35 per litre which would go up to Rs. 11.85 per litre and that on branded diesel from Rs. 5.75 to Rs. 7.25 per litre.

Illinois fracking rules posted onlineFracking rules for Illinois published after long battle
Fracking
With Illinois fracking rules published, some envision an oil boom; environmentalists foresee further battles.
Published fracking rules show language has been stripped from previous Illinois DNR draft.
The Illinois Department of Natural Resources published on its website Friday rules that regulate fracking, ending one chapter of a bitter and hard-fought multiyear battle by environmentalists who lobbied to block the rules from going into effect.
Energy companies can now begin applying for permits to drill for oil and gas using a controversial method that injects water, chemicals and sand at high pressure into shale rock.
As temperatures dipped into the 20s this week, Chicagoans dragged out their puffy winter coats, turned up their thermostats and remembered how the polar vortex drove up their heating bills last year. ( Julie Wernau )
While some landowners in southern Illinois envision the state experiencing an oil boom similar to what's occurred in states like Texas, Pennsylvania and North Dakota, environmentalists expect the second chapter of their fight against hydraulic fracturing to be fought in the courts.
"You can see industry's fingerprints all over this," Ann Alexander, senior attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council, said of the final rules. "There's now less certainty, more potential loopholes and all kinds of tinkering that's clearly not in the public interest."
The rules are the Department of Natural Resource's third and final attempt to codify a law regulating fracking signed by Gov. Pat Quinn in June 2013.
8
In the second draft, the agency added language to try to clarify areas of the rules that were vague. Much of that language, Alexander said, has been stripped from the final version.
Alexander said she expects more lawsuits to be filed. The stricken language, Alexander said, would have limited "court battles over interpretation." Instead, much of the language in the new regulations will be left up to the discretion of the Department of Natural Resources.
Industry groups had said the agency's attempts to fill holes in the regulations went beyond the law and amounted to overregulation. Some industry officials predicted energy firms would abandon Illinois if the rules weren't relaxed. They said loosening language in the rules was appropriate.
Emails to industry officials to garner reaction to the final rules weren't returned Friday evening.
Among the changes in the final rules:
The law requires drillers who want to flare or burn excess gas to explain why it is "economically unfeasible" to capture the gas. Specific criteria for determining whether a company has proved economic unfeasibility have been eliminated in the final draft.
Criteria for assessing whether a permit applicant's water source management plan attempts to conserve water to the "maximum extent feasible" also have been eliminated from the regulations.
0
A clause in the rules that gave IDNR authority to force drilling operations to move farther away than the law required in certain situations has been eliminated in the final rules. For instance, that authority might come into play near a playground or a school building.
The final rules scale back regulation of radioactivity contamination. The issue was addressed at length in an earlier draft of the rules.
The law says anyone who could be "adversely affected" by a drilling operation can push for a public hearing. A previous version of the rules more closely defined who qualified as "adversely affected." That language has been removed.
Environmentalists, oil and gas drillers and others had expected the rules to be published Friday in the Illinois Register. But when they checked the register there were no rules.
The Department of Natural Resources said the final rules are expected to be published Nov. 21 in the Illinois Register.
Crafting the rules has been a contentious process.
A lawsuit filed Nov. 10 in Madison County seeks to block the rules from being published in the Illinois Register. The group that brought the suit said Illinois' Department of Natural Resources didn't give the public ample notice during the rule-making process, failed to use scientific studies in crafting its first draft of the rules and "left members of the public scrambling" to review and comment on the rules before publication.
A hearing on the matter is expected next week. The group is seeking a preliminary injunction aimed at preventing the IDNR from issuing fracking permits.
IDNR spokesman Chris Young said in a statement Wednesday that the agency "acted in an open and transparent manner throughout the rule-making process that resulted in historic levels of participation."
Mineral rights owners in southern Illinois who have been waiting more than a year for fracking to begin already have filed lawsuits in Wayne, White, Edgar and Hamilton counties, claiming that the drawn-out process has tied up their land with unusable leases with oil companies, akin to an illegal land grab by the state.

Dispute over will rocks law co Amarchand Mangaldas; Shardul & Cyril Shroff in legal battleDispute over will rocks law firm Amarchand Mangaldas; Shardul & Cyril Shroff in legal battle over assets
Vinod Mahanta & Maulik Vyas, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 06.45AM IST
Tags:
Amarchand Mangaldas
(Shardul, the managing partners…)
MUMBAI: Two of India's top lawyers, Shardul and Cyril Shroff, brothers who run the law firm Amarchand Mangaldas & Suresh A Shroff & Co (AMSS) could find themselves in a protracted legal battle over the assets and ownership of the law firm.
Shardul, the Delhi-based elder brother and one of the two managing partners of the country's largest corporate law firm, has approached the Bombay High Court seeking a direction to implement his late mother Bharti Shroff 's will.
The petition, which was filed on Friday, is the denouement of a dispute which has simmered for months and had become common knowledge in Mumbai's corporate, banking and legal circles.
Two of India's top bankers and a number of top industrialists are said to have acted as mediators in an attempt to resolve the matter. These attempts appear to have failed, at least for now.
When asked about the case in the high court, Cyril Shroff said he was yet to decide whether to accept the will. "I will never initiate any legal action which is public in nature, as it impacts the family and firm's name. I have not yet decided as to whether I am accepting the will or not. We are more focused on our clients, partners and people working with us, and for them there will be business as usual," he said. He declined comment on the details of the dispute.
"This is an internal family matter and we do not wish to comment on such issues," said Radhika Garg, head of corporate communications at the Delhi operations of Amarchand Mangaldas, headed by Shardul Shroff. Senior advocate MP Bharucha, whose law firm Bharucha & Partners is representing the elder brother in court, declined comment.
In the will which is at the heart of the dispute, Bharti, the wife of Suresh S Shroff, father of Cyril and Shardul, has willed her equity in the law firm and her personal wealth to elder son Shardul, a move that creates ambiguity in the ownership structure of the firm that was till her death run jointly by Cyril and Shardul. Currently, the Shroff brothers own around 60% in the firm with the rest being held by non-family equity partners.
Will Contradicts Family Pact
People privy to the developments say the will contradicts a 1994 family agreement under which Bharti Shroff 's ownership stake was to be equally divided between the two brothers. Further, her share in Amarchand Tower Properties, a partnership that owns properties in Delhi, has also been willed to Shardul Shroff.
  The ownership dispute has been discussed by members of Amarchand Mangaldas' management committee, according to people familiar with the matter. Two independent members (the committee has seven members in all), George Golding and James Abraham, recently moved a resolution that there cannot be ambiguity in the ownership of the firm and on principle of equality, Bharti Shroff's shares should be distributed equally between the two managing partners.
They also contended that family matters should not have any consequence for the firm. Sources said the resolution, which was circulated over email earlier this week, was passed 5:2 in Cyril Shroff 's favour. Cyril declined comment on the resolution.
AMSS is the country's largest law firm with over 600 lawyers and more than 80 partners. The firm has gone from strength to strength in the past decade fuelled by a M&A and banking finance boom, and Amarchand's next phase of growth was chalked out by consulting major BCG with the aim to reach a Rs 1,000-crore turnover, along with a bench strength of 100 partners and some 1,000 lawyers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

This self-made billionaire has an adorable love storyThe Love Story of Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan
Bollywoodshaadis.com –  Sat 15 Nov, 2014 4:10 AM IST
Share 0
The social networking king Mark Zuckerberg etched a name for himself with Facebook, right on the day when he launched it from his dormitory. Today, he is the second youngest self-made billionaire, and one of the sharpest minds in the industry. Yet, the man behind all this fame and glamour is not very different when it comes to love. Just like any other person, he too has a romantic tale of love to tell.
So, here is the beautiful love story of Mark Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan.
A Meeting of Two Hearts
This was not a typical Mark Zuckerberg meeting, which would affect millions on the Internet. Rather, it was the one which would affect just two people on this planet. Mark Zuckerberg met Priscilla Chan, a sophomore from Boston, at a party hosted by Mark’s fraternity in 2003. Interestingly, they met at quite a strange place- in the waiting line for the washroom. Soon, these two students at Harvard, started dating each other. After some time, Mark took another major decision of his life; he dropped out to run his company then titled- The Facebook.
Recommended Read: Truth Behind the Unfortunate Love Story of Amitabh and Rekha
True Love Defies Distance
Despite the distance and Mark’s inherent workaholic attitude, Priscilla always stood by him. They fell in love when Zuckerberg was nothing but a college student, and they are still in love when he has become a multi-billionaire. Their love for each other and bond of commitment was much stronger than any fame or fortune. Priscilla who specialises in paediatrics, was the one who inspired Zuckerberg to promote organ donation on Facebook. And yes, she is also one of the first people to join Facebook (5 February, 2005). Their love was so strong that when Mark Zuckerberg moved to California, Priscilla Chan too shifted there and became a medical student at the University of California.
Recommended Read: 8 Reasons Why You should have Sex Everyday
Romantic Facebook Journey
Priscilla’s Facebook updates show the wonderful trajectory of the relationship that they shared. The couple’s Facebook profiles also give a peak into some of their memorable moments, such as Priscilla’s graduation, their trips, their romantic walks and parties, and home time with their pet- Beast.
Recommended Read: 5 Things Men Never Notice during Sex
Their Secret Mantra for a Stronger Relationship
When it comes to their relationship, Priscilla like any other girl does not let the power go to her man’s head. In their courtship days, it was reported that she had laid out strict rules for Mark. A minimum of 100 minutes of alone time (definitely not at Facebook) and one date night every week topped that list. Mark must have been an obedient boyfriend because very soon Priscilla moved in with him. Like many of us who just cannot help but choose Facebook for our major announcements, Mark also took help of his creation to declare the news to all. “Priscilla Chan is moving in this weekend."
Must Read:  Famous Bollywood Celebrities Who Went For Live-in Relationships
A Timeline of Unconditional Love
This wonderful love story crossed another milestone in 2012, when Priscilla graduated from medical school. They used this news to keep the secrecy of their marriage. They invited all their friends for a party telling them that it was Priscilla's graduation party. And in the presence of 100 guests, Mark announced it as the day of their wedding. Mark presented a simple ruby wedding ring to his love which he had personally designed for her. The couple tied the knot at the backyard of their home and went to Italy for their honeymoon.
Recommended Read: The Love Story of Anjali and Sachin Tendulkar
And as the couple celebrates 11 years of togetherness today, Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook status says, "I met an amazing girl on this day exactly 11 years ago. Priscilla, thank you for keeping me grounded, and for helping me keep my sense of wonder about the world as we grow together."
Mark Zuckerberg Sends A Thanks Video To His Wife On Their Anniversary
The rest as they say, is history or perhaps, a new beginning that has nothing to do with the Facebook millions, but has lots of twists for those with a romantic heart.
TOP STORIES TODAY

Baker Hughes Announces Receipt of Director Nominations from HalliburtonThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Industry calls for rate cut as inflation dips furtherThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Badri Meena: Meet the man who is energising PM Narendra ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Mumbai: india post and mobile companies have a good chance of getting ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Hdfc bank target=1000....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Fundamental bro....hav sent a mail on ur email id...pks chk it n reply...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

In Oz  Narendra Modi takes selfies with students  meets world leadersComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Brisbane on Friday fresh from a breakthrough agreement with the US on food security that is likely to boost his image at the weekend G20 summit, where retrieving black money will be high on his agenda.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (File Photo)
The deal, which paves the way for a global trade pact at next month's World Trade Organization (WTO) council meet, drew praise from leaders of leading industrial nations Japan and the UK as well as the European Union during Modi's meetings with his British and Japanese counterparts, David Cameron and Shinzo Abe, and EU president Herman von Rompuy.
"The three leaders congratulated the PM and extended their support when the matter comes up before the World Trade Organization (WTO). They also said all the countries can now move together," foreign ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
The Indo-US deal is expected to give Modi the leverage to push at the G-20 summit India's agenda to dig up black money stashed abroad and to step up global cooperation against cross-border tax avoidance and evasion.
"A key issue for me would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money," Modi said before he left for his three-nation tour, underscoring the promise he made before the general elections in May.
It was a sunny day at Brisbane as Modi stepped out of his Special Air India plane at the international airport after an overnight flight from Myanmar where he attended two back-to-back international summits and had a string of bilateral meetings.
"Reached Brisbane. It is bright and sunny outside," Modi tweeted.
The first Indian Prime Minister to visit Australia since Rajiv Gandhi in 1986, Modi's first engagement of the day was a visit to the Queensland University of Technology where he wrote on an agricultural robot a message in Gujarati: "Research is the mother of development."
He also wished the students on Children's Day and indulged them with a selfie session. "I am fortunate to be among children on Chacha Nehru's birthday," an MEA tweet quoted Modi as saying. But the highlight of the day was his dinner with Abe and the bonhomie between the two leaders who follow each other on Twitter. "Happy to meet you once again," he told Abe, who hosted the dinner for Modi in their second interaction in three months.
The Prime Minister had his first meeting with Cameron who said relations with India are at the "top of the priorities of UK's foreign policy".
Modi is expected to use the G20 summit of the world's biggest developed and emerging economies, to flag India's concerns over "jobless growth" prospects.
WTO secretary-general Roberto Azevedo said the resolution of the row between India and the US over food subsidies has breathed new life into the global organization while EU chief Rompuy told Modi the 28-nation bloc was keen on "re-engaging" with India in all areas, especially trade.
Modi got off to a flying start even before the G20 summit began with US president Barack Obama described him "as a man of action" during their meeting on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit in Myanmar.

Militants seize hometown of kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirlsUpdated: November 15, 2014 03:35 IST
Militants seize hometown of kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls
AP
Tweet
AP
Nigeria's Boko Haram terrorist network, shows the alleged missing girls abducted from the northeastern town of Chibok. File photo.
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
Islamic extremists in Nigeria have seized Chibok, forcing thousands of people to flee the town where insurgents kidnapped nearly 300 schoolgirls in April, a local official said on Friday.
The Boko Haram insurgents entered the town Thursday, shooting from pickup trucks and motorcycles, Bana Lawan, chairman of the Chibok local government, told The Associated Press.
“Nobody can tell you what is happening there today because everybody is just trying to escape with their lives,” he said.
In Washington, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the U.S. is closely monitoring the situation in Chibok.
“We condemn these attacks in Chibok, a community that has already suffered too much. ... We remain committed to helping the government of Nigeria address the threat posed by extremist organizations, Psaki told reporters.
In a separate development, a bomb exploded Friday night in northern Kano city, the second largest population center in Nigeria, killing six people including three police officers, according to the police.
Resident Aliyu Yusuf Hotoro said many buildings shook from the force of the explosion from a car bomb in a gas station on a main road leading to Maiduguri, the capital of Borno state. Soldiers, police and emergency rescue operations workers cordoned off the area.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the bomb, but Boko Haram extremists have detonated them in Kano in the past.
Meanwhile, attempts to call the cellphones of some of the kidnapped girls’ parents living in Chibok failed. Boko Haram extremists often destroy cellphone towers, and the military often cuts communications to areas under attack.
Dozens of the kidnapped girls escaped in the first couple of days after their capture from a boarding school just outside the town, but 219 are still missing.
Community leader Hussain Monguno said none of the escapees was in Chibok at the time of the attack. They have all been given scholarships to other schools in northern Nigeria.
Nigeria’s military chief announced on Oct. 17 that the country’s homegrown Boko Haram extremist group had agreed to an immediate cease—fire. Government officials said the truce would lead to the girls’ speedy release.
But Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau in a video released last month said the girls were “an old story,” that they all had converted to Islam and been married off to his fighters.
Chibok is an enclave of mainly Christian families, some involved in translating the Bible into local languages, in the mainly Muslim north of Nigeria.
At least seven of the girls’ parents have died since their abductions, from causes such as heart attacks that residents blame on the trauma, according to Monguno, head of the Borno—Yobe People’s Forum.
Since the apparent cease—fire announcement, the insurgents have taken control of several more towns and villages where they have declared an Islamic caliphate along the lines of the Islamic State group in Iraq and Syria.

Telcos  vernacular languages SMSes for rural...Telcos offering SMSes in vernacular languages for rural India to increase revenue growth
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Bharti Airtel
(Vodafone India, which has…)
NEW DELHI: With SMS revenue slowing to a trickle under the onslaught of instant messengers, telecom operators have begun to consider offering it in vernacular languages or bundled with data in a bid to keep alive a service that at one time was among the cheapest modes of communication.
While a large chunk of the SMS revenue has fallen due to the advent of applications such as Whatsapp, Facebook and others, telecom service providers feel that the massive Indian populace in rural areas would still prefer to use the mainstream messaging platform rather than more expensive data from the word go.
"There are 300 million people yet to get connected, who will use SMS as a primary means of sending messages. So, even though SMS usage is declining, it will not go away completely in a market like India," said Rajan Mathews, director general of the Cellular Operators Association of India, the lobby group representing GSM operators including Bharti Airtel, Vodafone India and Idea Cellular.
According to UK-based research firm Ovum, Indian telcos have lost an estimated $1.2 billion in potential revenue from SMS and value-added services in 2013 because of the arrival of social media messaging services. It estimates this to widen to $1.56 billion this year, $2.2 billion in 2015 and $3.1 billion the year after that.
"The market leaders have felt the biggest impact, Airtel and Vodafone. However, the revenue that has been generated from the sale of mobile broadband (bought specifically for the chat apps) has more than compensated for the loss in SMS revenue," Neha Dharia, senior analyst focusing on consumer services at Ovum, told ET.
SMS revenue as part of non-voice revenue, including value-added services, for Bharti Airtel fell to 5.4% in the quarter ended September 2014, from 6.7% in the same three-month period last year. Income from non-voice services, essentially from offering data, rose in the same period to 20.2% of total revenue from 16.4%.
Vodafone India, which has also seen its data revenue jump, said SMS revenue was never a significant portion of overall revenue.
  The diminishing contribution of SMS to telcos' revenue — and the increasing demand for data which is compensating, at least in part, this decline — has led to question marks over the survival of the text messaging service itself.
However, more than 70% of the devices sold in India are still fearturephones. Moreover, with most of the mobile subscriber additions happening in rural India — which means a populace that is more likely to use cheaper devices with fewer frills than smartphones — a huge target segment for the traditional texters still remain.
"There is still scope for growth of nonvoice revenues," Sashi Shankar, chief marketing officer at Idea Cellular said, while adding that the company is offering a number of low-cost SMS packs to increase customer stickiness.
Industry non-voice revenue is still low at about 20% compared with world average of 50%, a spokesperson from Idea Cellular, the third largest mobile phone company by subscribers, said separately.
A large percentage of the rural populace is not comfortable using English to communicate on mobile phones, so a local language SMS support can perhaps bring back some revenue, COAI's Mathews said.
Such a plan could get a bump up by Internet giant Google that recently launched its Hindi keyboard for smartphones which will be available through software updates. Regional languages will be added to the keyboard soon.
Besides, telcos could explore options where voice and SMS are bundled with data, a trend in developed markets, but without the contract liabilities. "Present tariffs are structure that way that voice and SMS bundled and data is separate, but there will be a time when all networks will converge to data," Mathews said.
"Paying for data and getting voice and messages free would come very soon," said Sandeep Yadav, head of voice and data at MTS India.
Players like MTS have devised other ways of innovating the way SMS works alongside messenger apps. Its MBuddy app allows featurephone users to send as many messages to another featurephone on the company's network, for .`15 a month.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maana Patel wins secondgoldPrint
By: Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:09 am
Maana Patel, 14-year-old swimmer from Gujarat, won gold in the 200 metre backstroke event on Friday at the ongoing five-day 68th Senior National Aquatic Championship in Kolkata, official sources said.
Maana trounced both Damini Gowda and Vaania Kapoor Achuthan — swimmers from Karnataka — by clocking a time of 02:25:94 which was within a wafer thin distance of her own record of 02:22:34 for the event.
This is the second gold she has won at the event. On the first day of the championship, Maana  had bettered her own mark in the women’s 100 metre backstroke.
On Friday, in the 4X100 meter medley relay, Maana also helped her team finish third, behind Maharashtra and Karnataka. The other members of the medley relay team were Kalyani Saxena, Dolphi Sarang and Dilpreet Kaur.
Other swimmers from Gujarat who made a mark on the third day of the championship were Neil Contractor and Anshul Kothari who finished third in 200 metre freestyle and 50 metre butterfly stroke event for men, respectively.
Gujarat is participating in the national championship with a contingent of nine swimmers, sources added.

Kunal Ghosh attempts suicide in jailUpdated: November 14, 2014 23:41 IST
Saradha scam case
Kunal Ghosh attempts suicide in jail
Kolkata Bureau
File photo of supended Trinamool Congress MP and Saradha scam accused Kunal Ghosh.
PTI
File photo of supended Trinamool Congress MP and Saradha scam accused Kunal Ghosh.
TOPICS
prison
Kunal Ghosh claimed that he has taken sleeping pills. The doctors found everything to be normal but as a precautionary measure they have admitted him to a hospital.
Suspended Trinamool Congress MP and Saradha scam accused Kunal Ghosh was rushed to the city’s SSKM hospital early on Friday morning after he allegedly tried to commit suicide by taking an overdose of sleeping pills.
Dr Pradip Mitra, SSKM Director, told reporters that Ghosh was in a drowsy state when he was brought to the hospital from the Presidency Correctional Home. “His condition is stable now. His stomach was washed and the samples have been sent for forensic examination,” Dr. Mitra told journalists.
Making a statement in the Assembly at mid-day, the Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee announced the suspension of the jail superintendent, a senior medical officer and a prison guard.
She said a committee headed by Home Secretary Basudeb Banerjee would inquire into the incident and the jail staff would remain suspended till then.
Describing Ghosh’s condition as “absolutely stable”, she said, “At 2 a.m., he himself complained of uneasiness. He also walked,” she said.
While jail sources told The Hindu that Ghosh had taken “three pills”, media reports quoting various sources suggested he had consumed “50-60 pills”. The Chief Minister said in Assembly that doctors attending him have said he “does not seem to have taken so many sleeping pills”.
The jail authorities have reportedly filed a case against Ghosh under Section 309 of the Indian Penal Code for attempt to suicide.
Earlier this week Ghosh had said in court that he would commit suicide if the “real culprits” behind the Saradha ponzi scam are not put behind bars. He gave the administration and the judiciary “three days time” to nab the real culprits.
Ms. Banerjee also expressed displeasure with Minister of Correctional Administration Haider Aziz Safwi and he is likely to be relieved of his duty. According to AITC sources, Ms Banerjee was not satisfied with retired IPS officer, Mr Safwi's performance as a Minister. She is also expected to make few changes in her cabinet over the weekend.
Meanwhile, national secretary and observer in West Bengal of the Bharatiya Janata Party Siddhartha Nath Singh crticised the jail authorities for mishandling the situation and wondered whether there is a “political motive behind letting him commit suicide”.
e to the jail authorities to know how the medicines reached him and will also inform the court,” the sources said.

Thomas Mueller scores brace as Germany go past Gibraltar; Cristiano Ronaldo scores in PortugalwinGermany's Thomas Mueller celebrates his second goal gainst Gibraltar on Friday. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Nuremberg | Posted: November 15, 2014 7:49 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:03 am
World champions Germany sauntered past minnows Gibraltar 4-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Friday to bounce back from a rocky start but coach Joachim Loew was far from pleased with the performance.
Thomas Mueller struck twice before Mario Goetze added another in the first half with Yogan Santos netting an own goal in a low-key second period as the hosts, who lost to Poland and drew with Ireland in their last two qualifiers, eased off.
“I am everything but satisfied with this,” Loew told reporters. “The team did not do what we wanted to do. We wanted to play as world champions and four goals are too few.”
“We did not hold our positions. Obviously there were 10 of their players around the box but we did not do it well in the second half.”
The win lifted Germany to seven points from four games, three behind Group D leaders Poland.
Gibraltar, who have yet to score a goal in their first ever campaign, earned praise from coach Allen Bula.
“It’s a great result and we really needed something like this,” Bula said. “0-4, I could not have asked for more.”
The home side, who never hit top form against European football’s newcomers, wanted to show their trademark attacking game after flopping in their last two qualifiers in October.
Given the enormous gap in quality between the four-times world champions and UEFA’s latest member who played their first international in September, it was always going to be a one-sided affair with Germany fielding a three-man defence.
Mueller poked in after Shkodran Mustafi’s cross bounced awkwardly off the post in the 12th minute and then stabbed in his second goal before Goetze drilled Germany’s third after a fine layoff from Max Kruse.
An audacious 34-metre dipping shot from Liam Walker that almost caught Manuel Neuer by surprise was Gibraltar’s only attack but still required a full-stretch save from the German keeper.
The hosts took their foot off the gas in the second half but Santos’ own goal from a Lukas Podolski cutback further increased the scoreline.
With Gibraltar, largely made up of amateur players, battling bravely with all 11 players in their own half, Germany struggled with ideas towards the end.
They hope to round off a successful year that included their World Cup triumph in Brazil in July with a win over European champions Spain in a friendly on Tuesday.  Cristiano Ronaldo scrambled a second-half goal to give Portugal an uninspiring 1-0 win over Armenia in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Friday in Faro.
Ronaldo scrambles narrow win for Portugal over Armenia
The Portugal captain broke the deadlock in the 72nd minute when the ball rebounded to him two metres from goal after Roman Berezovski saved Ricardo Quaresma’s shot, although he still needed two attempts to put it in.
It was his 52nd goal in 117 appearances and made him the competition’s all-time top scorer in qualifying and finals combined, but continued…

Watch: batsman s six dents commentator s carWatch the moment Jesse Ryder dents commentator Ian Smith's car
"I don't believe it! I think it's mine!"
Yahoo! Cricket –  Wed 12 Nov, 2014 5:14 PM IST
Tweet
0
New Zealand and Otago opener Jesse Ryder was in one of his impetuous moods. In the Georgie Pie Super Smash — yes, that’s an actual tournament — game last week against Wellington, Ryder smashed seamer Luke Fletcher’s first ball into the car park behind midwicket.
The commentator on air was the excitable former New Zealand wicketkeeper Ian Smith. So imagine Smith’s excitement when he sees the shot heading straight for his car. Oh, and it’s a rental.
Watch what happens to the car.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

ONGC profit drops 10 pct to Rs 5 444 cr on oil price slumpInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) today reported a sharp 10 per cent drop in its July-September net profit, the first decline in five quarters, after global oil prices slumped.
Net profit in July-September at Rs 5,444.89 crore was 10.2 per cent lower than Rs 6,063.86 crore net profit in the same period a year ago, the company said in a statement.
ONGC earned USD 102.13 for every barrel of crude oil it produced in second quarter, down from USD 109.03 a year ago. After paying for fuel subsidy, its net earning was USD 41.35 per barrel as opposed to USD 44.86 in second quarter of last fiscal.
The company doled out Rs 13,641 crore to partly subsidise diesel and cooking fuel in the quarter. This dented its profitability by Rs 11,581 crore, the statement said.
Brent crude has dropped 30 per cent this year to the lowest price in more than four years, reducing earnings for oil producers. Brent, a benchmark for more than half the world’s crude, slumped to USD 78.50 a barrel today.
ONGC said its oil production rose 2.08 per cent to 5.206 million tons but gas output dipped 8.41 per cent to 5.327 billion cubic meters mainly because it had to shutdown some of its fields in the KG basin following a pipeline of transporter GAIL being damaged in a blast.
Turnover fell 8.7 per cent to Rs 20,447.76 crore.
ONGC shares closed 2.05 per cent higher on the at Rs 393.35.
The company said it made two new discoveries in shallow waters off Gujarat coast and in Assam basin.
The well GKS092NAA-1 in NELP block GK-OSN-2009/2 at Kutch offshore shallow water flowed gas at the rate of 1,15,168 cubic meters per day during tests. “This new discovery has provided lead for further exploration in the block,” it said.
The block is operated by ONGC (40 per cent), while other partners are Adani Welspun Exploration Ltd (30 per cent) and Indian Oil Corp (30 per cent).
In Rudrasagar block in the North Assam Shelf, a new pool of oil was found. “This discovery will provide lead for the field growth towards south-west part of the main Rudrasagar field,” the statement said.
TAGS: ONGC
More from companies

Tata Motors quarterly net profit declines 7.08 pct to Rs 3 290.86 crInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
Tata Motors today reported a decline of 7.08 per cent in its consolidated net profit at Rs 3,290.86 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The auto major had posted consolidated net profit of Rs 3,541.86 crore in the July-September period of 2013-14 fiscal.
Consolidated net sales during the quarter this year increased by 8.03 per cent to Rs 60,163.99 crore, from Rs 55,686.87 crore in the year-ago period, Tata Motors said in a filing to the BSE.
Revenue from the company’s British unit, Jaguar Land Rover went up by 7.34 per cent to Rs 49,160.72 crore in the second quarter this fiscal, as against Rs 45,795 crore in the year-ago period.
On the other hand, revenue from Tata and other brand vehicles and financing during the quarter were at Rs 11,146.50 crore up 3.89 per cent from 10,728.01 crore in the same period a year ago.
On a standalone basis, Tata Motors’ net loss widened to Rs 1,845.63 crore as against Rs 803.53 crore in the same period a year ago.
Standalone net sales also declined by 1.17 per cent to Rs 8,657.85 crore in Q2, compared to Rs 8,761.10 crore Q2 of last fiscal.
The company’s standalone unit volume sales were at 1,27,220 vehicles, including exports, for the quarter ended September 30, decline of 15.70 per cent from 1,50,930 units in the corresponding period last year.
Tata Motors shares closed at Rs 523.80 per scrip, down 0.47 per cent, on the BSE.
TAGS: Tata Motors
More from companies

Kashmir missing from map  foreign secy protestsKashmir missing from map, foreign secy protests
PTI  Brisbane, November 14, 2014
First Published: 21:56 IST(14/11/2014) | Last Updated: 01:39 IST(15/11/2014)
Comments
During Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Queensland University of Technology (QUT), the Indian map displayed there had Kashmir missing from it, prompting a strong protest by Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh.
"India's Foreign Secretary raised the issue strongly and received an unqualified apology," external affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, responding to a question whether the issue was raised after it was noticed that Kashmir was missing from the Indian map displayed by the organisers.
"Yes, immediately lodged strong protest and received an unqualified regret from the organisers," Akbaruddin tweeted.
Within hours after his arrival following an overnight flight from Myanmar, Modi headed for the QUT for the first engagement of his five-day Australia visit, the first by an Indian Prime Minister in 28 years after Rajiv Gandhi.

ONGC profit drops 10 pct on oil price slumpInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) today reported a sharp 10 per cent drop in its July-September net profit, the first decline in five quarters, after global oil prices slumped.
Net profit in July-September at Rs 5,444.89 crore was 10.2 per cent lower than Rs 6,063.86 crore net profit in the same period a year ago, the company said in a statement.
ONGC earned USD 102.13 for every barrel of crude oil it produced in second quarter, down from USD 109.03 a year ago. After paying for fuel subsidy, its net earning was USD 41.35 per barrel as opposed to USD 44.86 in second quarter of last fiscal.
The company doled out Rs 13,641 crore to partly subsidise diesel and cooking fuel in the quarter. This dented its profitability by Rs 11,581 crore, the statement said.
Brent crude has dropped 30 per cent this year to the lowest price in more than four years, reducing earnings for oil producers. Brent, a benchmark for more than half the world’s crude, slumped to USD 78.50 a barrel today.
ONGC said its oil production rose 2.08 per cent to 5.206 million tons but gas output dipped 8.41 per cent to 5.327 billion cubic meters mainly because it had to shutdown some of its fields in the KG basin following a pipeline of transporter GAIL being damaged in a blast.
Turnover fell 8.7 per cent to Rs 20,447.76 crore.
ONGC shares closed 2.05 per cent higher on the at Rs 393.35.
The company said it made two new discoveries in shallow waters off Gujarat coast and in Assam basin.
The well GKS092NAA-1 in NELP block GK-OSN-2009/2 at Kutch offshore shallow water flowed gas at the rate of 1,15,168 cubic meters per day during tests. “This new discovery has provided lead for further exploration in the block,” it said.
The block is operated by ONGC (40 per cent), while other partners are Adani Welspun Exploration Ltd (30 per cent) and Indian Oil Corp (30 per cent).
In Rudrasagar block in the North Assam Shelf, a new pool of oil was found. “This discovery will provide lead for the field growth towards south-west part of the main Rudrasagar field,” the statement said.
TAGS: ONGC
More from companies

2.5 per cent IIP growth is not enough for me to smile: Arun JaitleyFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said that the current growth of Index of Industrial Production (IIP) is not enough and targets are even higher.
“2.5 per cent (IIP growth) is not enough for me to smile. Targets are higher and it will take its time. Steps that we are taking will take a little time before it shows it’s impact,” said Arun Jaitley.
Factory output, measured in terms of Index of Industrial Production (IIP), showed an improvement mainly because of an uptick in mining and manufacturing production and larger offtake of capital goods.
As wholesale inflation fell to a five-year low, Jaitley said that decline in global crude prices should further help in improving the price situation.
“We believe that softening of prices is in our interest. With crude prices down, this trend of lower food prices will continue,” he told reporters here.
The Minister, however, cautioned that it has to be seen how the oil prices augur going forward. “We should not be overtly optimistic at this time,” Jaitley added.
Global crude prices have dropped to four-year lows of USD 77 a barrel.
Wholesale price based inflation dropped to 5-year low of 1.77 per cent in October, from 2.38 per cent in September, driven by decline in rate of price rise in food and fuel items.
Commenting on the industrial output growth which was at a three-month high of 2.5 per cent in September, Jaitley said he would have been happier had the growth been a little higher.
TAGS: Arun Jaitley Index Of Industrial Production
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

http://usat.ly/1qIBgYcListen: Tech week--Google & Samsung Phablets, Swift vs. Spotify, Microsoft Band
Graham and Baig on the week's tech news: Phablets and wearables.
Post to Facebook
Listen: Tech week--Google & Samsung Phablets, Swift vs. Spotify, Microsoft Band Graham and Baig on the week's tech news: Phablets and wearables. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qIBgYc
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Listen: Tech week--Google & Samsung Phablets, Swift vs. Spotify, Microsoft Band
Jefferson Graham , USA TODAY 12:30 p.m. EST November 14, 2014
Google Nexus 6 phone
3 CONNECT 19 TWEET 2 LINKEDIN COMMENTEMAILMORE
LOS ANGELES - Ed Baig's been busy this week, checking out new phablets from Google and Samsung, as well as the Microsoft Ban d health tech device.
Meanwhile, pop star Taylor Swift is showing no signs of cease fire in her war with streaming music service Spotify. And speaking of celebrity, did you hear about what happened online this week with Bill Cosby, Dr. Oz and Kim Kardashian?
Fellow USA TODAY tech columnist Baig and I discuss all of this, in our weekly run-down on the week's tech happenings.
Follow Jefferson Graham and Ed Baig on Twitter
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qIBgYc

India to seek help to find black moneyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

President calls IITF as celebration of India s intrinsic strengthThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Forex - USD/JPY gains on upbeat U.S. retail sales  sentiment dataThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tata Motors sees strong reversal in commercial vehicle sales as recovery takes holdThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

PM Modi makes G-20 debutThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi should focus on RSS and not on Nehru and PatelThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FM takes cautious stance as WPI inflation adds to cheerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Australia s Abbott wants economic reform to be focus at G20Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Very good company....only in uc from last many sessision. ...great fun...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Can anyone help me find consolidated results of last 3 qtr........mone...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Tyre stocks will be punctured in days to come..trading way above histo...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Potential defence orders will be close to 5000 cr/annum. increasing d...Gold Member
30 Followers
potential defence orders  will be close to 5000 cr/annum. increasing domestic  orders will change  ebidta outlook to very positive. interest rate cut will save interest cost of  70-80 cr next year. we project a postive net profit in next 3 quarters which will take this stock to 150 range. inest from long term perspective. current prices are peanuts.
8.34 AM Nov 15th  | Track

7 shops gutted in Chalai market7 shops gutted in Chalai market
Our Bureau
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, November 14:  
At least seven showrooms in a shopping complex in the bustling market of Chalai here have been gutted in a major fire on Friday evening.
There was no report of any casualty or injuries as the area was quickly evacuated.
The fire was noticed around 5 pm during peak business hours at the godown of a fancy store and is being preliminarily attributed to a short circuit.
There are at least 40 shops sitting cheek by jowl in the narrow lane where the shopping complex is situated.
The fire has not been brought under control till late in the evening and was reportedly spreading to more shops.
At least 20 fire tenders drawn from the State Fire and Rescue Services and other agencies, including the Air Force Base here, were battling in poorly lit conditions after the power supply was switched off.
The District Collector, the City Police Commissioner and the Mayor of Thiruvananthapuram are at the site.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

Lava QPAD R704: Packed with interesting features and has the looks to go with itInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
Tablets first debuted in 2010 with the launch of the first Apple iPad. Since then, Google’s Android operating system-based slates have decisively taken over from laptops and smartphones as the preferred device for entertainment and productivity.
The increase in tablet  usage is also reflected in the rapid growth of existing and rise of new device firms as well. Take for instance, Lava International; it has virtually stormed the tablet segment with its slim, fast and easy-to-use devices that deliver effortless performance for work and play. Their new offering, QPAD R704, was sent to us for a product evaluation.
It is an Android tablet, competitively priced at Rs 8,499 and rightly built for today’s digitally-savvy generation. It is targeted at young working professionals, students in professional courses and enterprise segment.
Let us check  its features and performance.
For starters, the QPAD R704 is an inexpensive 7-inch Android tablet with a premium feel. It is a combination of dexterous and power-packed performance with Quad Core processor and plenty of interesting features that promises to enhance every user experience. In terms of design, this Lava slate comes in an attractive design paired with the metallic brushed body embodied in a sleek frame, which not only feels great in hands but also gives it an extremely classy look.
Company officials claim that the QPAD R704 fulfills the core requirements of the users by offering them a seamless experience in entertainment, emails, presentations, application surfing, web browsing and a longer usage time through its optimised power management. The tablet takes the legacy of E704 one step ahead by bringing together a superior computing experience and brilliant graphics through its IPS display with HD capabilities.
Probing its innards, the QPAD R704 is powered by 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon Quad Core processor and supports single SIM 3G voice and video calls, along with data access providing consumers with 3G connectivity on the go. The tablet is also equipped with high efficiency video coding (HEVC) which provides improved video quality support for higher resolution videos and Snapdragon Audio for rich 3D surround sound and pretty decent audio performance. R704 also features Qualcomm Interference Cancellation and Equalisation (Q-ICE) feature that enriches the network capacity by reducing the noise in the cellular network and enhances the mobile broadband user experience.
Using Android Jellybean v4.3 operating system, this tablet comes with a 7-inch multi-touch WSVGA IPS display to ensure the product is ideal for work and entertainment purpose. The IPS display gives pretty good viewing and gaming experience from all viewing angles. I feel that the IPS screen gives the ease of using and holding the tablet in any angle for clear viewing.
Moving further, the tablet’s Quad Core processor (1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon) and 1 GB RAM plus 8 GB ROM with 32 GB expandable memory gives pretty good performance for work & play and will keep the young users plugged in for a long duration. However, let me specify that Android tablets require good apps to take advantage of everything they have to offer and there are some great ones in the Google Play store.
The QPAD R704 is supported by a 3,500 mAh battery which delivers up to 300 hours of standby time and 10 hours talk time. The Qualcomm Quick Charge technology further allows 30% faster charging on the device. The tablet sports a 2 MP rear camera and 0.3 MP front camera for video calling. In terms of connectivity, the tablet supports Wi-Fi, 3G connectivity, Bluetooth, EDGE and 2G.
My takeaways: The QPAD R704 looks sharp and feels good in the hand. It’s fast enough for everyday tasks, and it has great battery life—all for a reasonable price. Lava seems to have finally cracked the code for balancing price, performance, design, and usability with the R704.
SPECIFICATIONS
Display: 7 inch IPS display with 600 x 1024 pixels
Processor: 1.2 GHz Quad Core Qualcomm Snapdragon processor
Operating system: Android 4.3 Jelly Bean (upgradable to 4.4)
Storage & memory: 1 GB RAM + 8 GB ROM with 32 GB expandable memory
Camera: 2 MP (rear); VGA front camera for video calls
Connectivity: Wi-Fi, 3G connectivity, Bluetooth, EDGE, 2G
Battery: 3500 mAh battery
TAGS: Lava QPAD R704
More from industry

Saif  Govinda  Ileana  Kalki have  fun  on Comedy Nights With Kapilentertainment
Saif, Govinda, Ileana, Kalki have ‘fun’ on Comedy Nights With Kapil
Happy Ending actor Saif Ali Khan, Govinda, Kalki Koechlin and Ileana D'Cruz were spotted having fun on hit show ‘Comedy Nights With Kapil’. It's not the boys this time! - Dadi seems interested in pretty girl Ileana.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
When you have Govinda on any show then 'dancing' is a must. Kalki, Ileana also join the fun with Dadi while Saif chooses to stay away.  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
For fans only! Govinda shows them how it’s done! (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Kiku 'Michael Jackson' Sharda gives Govinda some competition! (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Seems impossible! Kapil Sharma and Saif Ali Khan attempt to copy some of Govinda’s moves.
Kalki tried out a twirl with a fan. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Saif tries his hand at some goat-milking! (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Wonder what the boys are up to here! (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Romancing a goat - Govinda, Kalki?  (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Later, Saif and Ileana then appeared on the sets of Sonali Bendre’s television show, ‘Ajeeb Daastaan Hai Ye’ without Kalki Koechlin and Govinda. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Saif Ali Khan, Ileana D’Cruz, Sonali Bendre and Apurva Agnihotri interact with the press. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Ileana looked classy and elegant in a one-shoulder gown by Vineti Bolaki, while Saif was dapper in a dinner jacket, white shirt and denims. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Saif and Sonali, who have worked together in a couple of films like 'Love Ke Liye Kuch Bhi Karega' and 'Hum Saath Saath Hain' among others, catch up on the sets. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Actor Apurva Agnihotri joins Saif and Ileana for a picture. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Traffic polices special night drive: Judge challaned for not having drivinglicenceACP (traffic) Richa Agnihotri checks a sticker on a car during the special naka at Sarabha Nagar on Thursday.
Written by Divya Goyal 2 | Ludhiana | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:19 am
The special night drives targeting VIP vehicles in the bustling areas of Ludhiana are creating a buzz in the state, with many VIPs and people claiming to be their relatives and friends being issued challans for violating the traffic norms.
Initiated by Deputy Commissioner Rajat Aggarwal and ACP (traffic) Richa Agnihotri, the drives have been successful in booking VIP vehicles for various offences like black films, drunken driving, modified number plates, not possessing documents and using red and blue beacons without authorisation.
The drives are unique as the media and NGOs are allowed to accompany traffic police and district transport officer to avoid political pressure during checking of VIP vehicles.
During fourth such drive on Malhar road in Sarabha Nagar on Thursday late, a judicial magistrate was issued a challan for not having a driving licence. Similarly, a car belonging to a top official of Punjab Agricultural University was stopped for checking; it was sporting a sticker of “CM residence parking”.
The driver said that the car belonged to a PAU official, and the sticker was removed then. Similarly, a ‘relative’ of Ludhiana south MLA Balwinder Singh Bains entered a heated argument with police but ultimately the sticker of the car belonging to the MLA was removed.
Later, Bains himself called up district transport officer Anil Garg. “MLA Bains called to ask why sticker was removed as car belongs to him.
We are enquiring the matter,” the DTO told Newsline.
“More than seven cars had stickers of ‘press’ which were fake. We asked for identity cards of the so-called press reporters but they failed to produce them. Stickers were removed but the problem is we do not have a law under which we can issue challans to people sporting fake press stickers. I have sent suggestions for the draft of Road Safety and Transport Bill to create a section under which challans can be issued to offenders for fake press stickers,” the ACP (traffic) told Newsline.
A car owner was also booked for modified number plate with ‘Anti Corruption Wing’ written on it, said the ACP. “Vehicle of an MC councillor was also stopped for checking and he was booked for black film and modified number plate. Councillor’s sticker was also removed,” said the DTO.
The car of MP Ravneet Bittu with MLA Bharat Bhushan Ashu was also stopped. “MP was wearing the seat belt and did not violate any rule. He appreciated the drive,” said a traffic cop.
Almost 30 challans were issued on Thursday night for offences such as using high laser beam, drunken driving, using cellphone, and black film in addition to 128 challans issued during the last three drives.

Gujarat s Sanand most likely to get Posco s $20 mn steel plantInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
South Korean steel giant Posco has narrowed down on Sanand (Gujarat) for setting up its steel coil unit at an investment of USD 20 million.
“Posco will initiate a steel processing unit, for that they had made a proposal to GIDC. They are most likely to set up the unit at Sanand town. They (Posco) will soon make a formal application, which will probably be finalised by next week,” highly-placed sources in the Gujarat government said.
Posco’s Sanand unit will be their second still unit in India after Maharashtra’s Pune, added the source.
As per sources in state government, Posco’s steel coil unit will come up in 30,000 square metre area and will have the capacity of around 10,000 matric tonne annually.
The Posco plant is likely to produce steel coils for automobiles, considering the grand presence of the sector in Gujarat, said the sources.
Republic of Korea’s envoy Joongyu Lee had earlier said that Posco will establish a steel coil mill in Gujarat with investment of around USD 20 million in Gujarat.
Sanand had earlier become the favourite destination for the auto-manufacturers like India’s Tata Nano and other multinationals including Ford and Peugeot.
Tata became the first automobile giant which had set up their Nano car plant in Sanand town, after they faced revolt in West Bengal’s Singur and had to move to Gujarat accepting the then Chief Minister Narendra Modi’s invitation.
Ford has also established their production unit in the same area.
Apart from the auto giants, Japanese Electrical company Hitachi has also set up its manufacturing facility of power equipment at Sanand.
TAGS: Gujarat Narendra Modi Posco India
More from companies

Startups: Northwest Delhi slowly turning int...Acquevix
(The low rentals, engineering…)
NEW DELHI: Students once flocked there to be coached on how to enter elite universities. These days a new breed of youngsters are turning the dusty fringes of northwest Delhi into India's newest hotspot for technology startups.
The low rentals, engineering talent and ease of connectivity are combining to make these areas — that are a mere 30-minute metro ride from central Delhi — a magnet for young entrepreneurs dreaming of building the next billion-dollar startup.
"It is a mini Bangalore — a perfect ecosystem to start a tech product business," said Sparsh Gupta, an Oxford University graduate who started website performance testing startup Wingify from his bedroom in West Delhi in 2009.
His company as well as other startup offices in the area offer a range of perks for employees from free laundry service to gyms, gaming rooms, massage chairs, unlimited chocolates and 24x7 food and snacks, once regarded as privileges offered by multinational companies.
Wingify and startups like Posist, IIMJobs, Zest.md, TweetSecrets, Ad-Pushup, Acquevix, Zecross and 99Fusion all are located within a radius of about seven kilometres spanning the suburbs of Netaji Subhash Place (NSP), Pitampura and Rohini. While higher priced locations like Gurgaon and Okhla have several ecommerce companies, West Delhi with its campuses of engineering colleges is emerging as a technology startup hub.
Investing in Each Other's Cos
"We want to build India's first billion dollar valued product company and are not even open currently to external funding," said Paras Chopra, CEO of Wingify, which earns revenue of over $10 million (Rs 60 crore) a year, all from clients based in the US.
Chopra, an alumnus of Delhi College of Engineering, regards the area as premier hunting ground for recruits. His five-year-old startup occupies the 14th floor of an upmarket building in the area, where rentals are about Rs 60 per square feet, almost half of what a plush Gurgaon set-up charges.
In an adjacent building, 26-year old Shivanshu Jindal runs TweetSecret, a Hollywood-focused celebs tweet platform. The company allows celebs to tweet videos of their backstage and personal life to subscribers and the money earned is shared with the celebrities.
The startup, which has its sales headquarters in Los Angeles, works with about 35 celebrities such as WWE wrestlers Chris Jericho, Rob Van Dam and Shelly Martinez besides a few Hollywood actors. "The energy of entrepreneurs all around pumps you with motivation every day you come to work," said Jindal, who charges about $2.99 per month per user.
  Several web training academies in the area skill people in coding. College dropouts Atul Aggarwal and Ankit Oberoi started teaching ethical hacking skills in 2008. The business thrived and they opened over 20 branches across India in last five years. Last year, the duo started AdPushup, a testing platform for online ads. This month, AdPushup raised about Rs 3.8 crore from about 14 angel investors that includes Slideshare co-founder Amit Ranjan and Wingify's Chopra.
"The web training shops earlier catered to the small merchants of Old Delhi. Now they are catering to the US companies," said Oberoi, 25, who has registered his company in Delaware, US. Backed by seed capital, he is now opening a new office replete with nap rooms, gym, foosball and free cafeteria to attract the technology talent from across India.
The recruitment strategy is working. "West Delhi was one of the last places on my bucket list to even visit in India. But the billion-dollar dreams of Wingify founders has pulled me here," said Sanket Nadhani, now responsible for global expansion at the Delhi-based startup. He moved from Bangalore, where he was head of marketing at enterprise software maker FusionCharts.
The young entrepreneurs from the area are also investing in each other's companies. MantraGrid Inc founder Arun Bansal, who has started TheServerGuy, a marketplace of server experts, has also invested in AdPushup. "TheServerGuy is a global marketplace curated by us and run from Delhi to solve any server problem for global customers," said Bansal, 25. His previous company MantraGrid provides IT services from North-West Delhi.
Things weren't as rosy few years ago. Recruitment consultants would reject West Delhi-based Ashish Tulsian's requests just four years ago to find them some senior talent for a telecom software company.
"Candidates won't even turn up for an interview," said Tulsian, who shut the telecom venture to start Posist, a cloud-based restaurant management platform. Last month Posist raised Rs 3 crore from investors such as Sameer Guglani of Chandigarh-based incubator - The Morpheus and Muthu Murugappan, scion of the Rs 22,500-crore Murugappa Group. "The spread of metro across the capital has eased recruitment. It is encouraging people to start up," he added.
Industry experts are of the view that the presence of techies from local college campuses and a vibrant community of ethical hackers has helped to nurture the tech ecosystem in the area. "(They) are now branching out to develop global tech products," said Mumbai Angels' member Utsav Somani, who has invested in local technology startups like AdPushup, Testbook and Zippr.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives for G-20 SummitThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Delhi girl is the face of Swachh Vidyalaya campaignNEW DELHI, November 15, 2014
Updated: November 15, 2014 08:25 IST
Delhi girl is the face of Swachh Vidyalaya campaign
Staff Reporter
Tweet
de15 Swachh Vidyalaya Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani with Rashmi Nayk, the brand ambassador of the Swachh Vidyalaya campaign, at the South Delhi Municipal Corporation's Children's Day celebrations on Friday at the Ambedkar Stadium. Photo: Special Arrangement
Twelve-year-old Delhiite Rashmi Nayk was named the first ambassador of the government’s all-India Swachh Vidyalaya (clean school) campaign on Friday.
The Class V student of South Delhi Municipal Corporation’s primary school in Defence Colony in the Capital will be joined by eight children from across the country in spreading awareness about cleanliness among their classmates.
At the SDMC’s Children’s Day celebrations on Friday, Union Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani announced that Rashmi will be the brand ambassador of Swachh Bharat’s school initiative.
An excited Rashmi said she will tell her classmates to not litter and to keep their surroundings clean.
“Children can make a difference,” she added.
Her ecstatic father Divakar Nayk said she had already started educating others.
“She tells me ‘Papa, don’t throw garbage and to stop others from littering’,” said Mr. Nayk, who works as a domestic cook.
Meanwhile, Ms. Irani also launched a document titled “Badhte Kadam Karyakaram”.
Under the programme, the SDMC will strengthen infrastructure and the quality of education.

Ranveer Singh and Parineeti Chopra dare to shootCelebrity
Team 'Kill Dil' promote their film
Actors of forthcoming film, ‘Kill Dil’, Govinda, Ranveer Singh, Parineeti Chopra and Ali Zafar are busy promoting their forthcoming film.
You might also like:
Kill Dil: Raw, Wild and Dirty
The Kill Dil team Ranveer Singh, Parineeti Chopra and Ali Zafar were in Jaipur, Rajasthan to promote their film. They were in the boldest avatar and were seen shooting and having fun. The onlookers ... more 
The Kill Dil team Ranveer Singh, Parineeti Chopra and Ali Zafar were in Jaipur, Rajasthan to promote their film. They were in the boldest avatar and were seen shooting and having fun. The onlookers were completely mesmerized by the charm of the stars.

Sarada scam: TMC MP attempts suicide in jailKolkata: Suspended Trinamool Congress (TMC) Member of Parliament (MP) Kunal Ghosh was admitted to a hospital in Kolkata today after an alleged suicide attempt.
A suicide note and sleeping pills were also recovered from his cell.
NDTV reports that Kunal Ghosh consumed 58 sleeping pills.
"Kunal Ghosh has access to two-three pills as his regular prescription. He said he took pills at 2:30 am. At 2:33 am he went walking to SSKM hospital, not in a stretcher," Prison Minister HA Safi said.
"The circumstances under which he said he was unwell are still under enquiry and whether there was any attempted suicide or not is yet to be ascertained," Deputy Commissioner of South division, Murlidhar Sharma, told IANS.
However, his condition has been stated to be stable now.
Ghosh was arrested last year in connection with the Sarada Chit Fund scam.
Last Monday, he had threatened to commit suicide when he was produced before the special CBI court probing the scam demanding immediate arrest of those who were involved in the scam.
Ghosh, who headed Saradha media arm before being arrested November last year, has been alleging the involvement of several leaders of the ruling Trinamool Congress including its top brass.
He also urged the court to disallow anyone from meeting him in the jail, lest he be "dissuaded or influenced".
Asserting he was framed, Ghosh alleged the investigation was been influenced and demanded to know what action has been taken against those who started the ponzi schemes.
Recommend

Srinivasan named in Mudgal reportSrinivasan named in Mudgal report
'Substantial evidence' against him and three others.
By ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Fri 14 Nov, 2014 3:49 PM IST
0
N Srinivasan
The Supreme Court of India has named four key individuals connected with Indian cricket, including ICC chairman and sidelined BCCI president N Srinivasan, and IPL chief operating officer Sundar Raman, in connection with a report into the 2013 IPL spot-fixing case, which, the court observed, had suggested several "misdemeanours".
The court issued notices to the four who, along with Srinivasan and Raman, include Chennai Super Kings official Gurunath Meiyappan and Rajasthan Royals co-owner Raj Kundra. A special bench of the Supreme Court, comprising justice TS Thakur and FM Kalifullah, revealed the names during a hearing that lasted 20 minutes, and said that it would make the Mudgal report available to lawyers on both sides - BCCI/Srinivasan and the Cricket Association of Bihar - so that they can make their arguments when the next hearing takes place on November 24.
The court said it had received the Mudgal committee investigation report, submitted in early November, and the findings recorded by committee are understood to have "indicted" some individuals whose conduct has been investigated.
The report was presented in two parts - one of which featured players and the other which was made up of what Justice Thakur termed "non-playing actors in the drama." The names of three players was inadvertently taken by the judge before the court ordered their names be withheld.
The four non-playing "actors" were however named and the court had decided to also provide them with a redacted version of the report, with the player names blacked out, in order to ensure that the four could defend themselves. The four persons named were given four days to file objections against any of the findings in the report pertaining to themselves. While counsel were present for the BCCI and Srinivasan, court notices had been sent to Gurunath, Kundra and Raman, to ensure that they responded in time.
When asked by the BCCI lawyer about the court allowing Srinivasan to contest the BCCI election that are scheduled for November 20, Thakur said, "we cannot give clarity on whether you can contest or not until this matter is disposed of."
The fate of the BCCI AGM and annual general elections is now unknown. BCCI counsel CA Sundaram told the court that they would be postponed, again, for a month.
This specific case dates back to June 2013 when Aditya Verma, secretary of the CAB, raised charges of a conflict of interest in the BCCI's original two-member inquiry panel for the IPL corruption issue. A Bombay High Court ruling later termed the probe panel "illegal". The BCCI and the CAB filed petitions in the Supreme Court against this order, with the CAB contending that the Bombay High Court could have suggested a fresh mechanism to look into the corruption allegations.
The Supreme Court then appointed a three-member committee, headed by former High Court judge Mukul Mudgal and comprising additional solicitor general L Nageswara Rao and Nilay Dutta to conduct an independent inquiry into the allegations of corruption against Meiyappan, India Cements, and Rajasthan Royals team owner Jaipur IPL Cricket Private Ltd, as well as with the larger mandate of allegations around betting and spot-fixing in IPL matches and the involvement of players.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Most Popular

G20: OBAMA ANNOUNCES US$3 BILLION CONTRIBUTION TO GREEN CLIMATE FUND TO HELP DEVELOPING NATIONS DEAL WITH CLIMATE CHANGEThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

G-20 summit opens in Australia; growth tops agendaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a priority: PM ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

G20 finance ministers deliver on global growth goal: HockeyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

"IITF showcases growing global interest in India"Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ha... ha... nice joke...Platinum Member
699 Followers
Keep away from this company....... this is not your stock...........switch over to other stocks.......... i am confident all the stocks that i regularly suggest give more than 10-20-30-40 percent retunr sin every 1-2-4-6- months....what else do i want....look at TRF ...i have been suggesting to accumulate when one month back was trading below 300.............NOW shot up to 418 levels......fantastic......this is the sure shot returns that we all want....share knowledge and .....grow together.....thats the mantra....also look at dolphin off......one month back 155......now shot up to 191......fantastic.....look at ISGEC....one month ....two months....three months back ....it was 2750 levels.......and have been suggesting to buy.......now 3950 levels......fantastic....Marico Kaya @ 525 levels ........now shot up to 675 ......I had suggested to buy Themis two months ago when it was around 115-120 levels.....now shot up to 156 ........i can go on...and on.....the list is long.....in fact YOU can check all my postings ....going back wards..........you will know what i am talking.......SO keep sharing knowledge....................in this blog........and let everyone benefit......and grow...........goodluck and godbless................NOW........NOW is suggest that you accumulate the foll::::::::: canara bank , tata steel , Jindal saw, Marksans, Dolphin Off-must , B&A ltd , Ashapura Minin-Must , Morganite Cruc-must grab it in every fall, , MMTC , Ashapura Mining-must , BOI , Century text , MMTC , Jindal saw, Marksans, Om Metals - must , Delta Corp-must , Themis-must ., GRP , TRF , dolphin off, ISGEC , GRP Ltd...etc..............goodluck and godbless.
In reply to : pandodu message
9.29 AM Nov 15th

I don`t think thetcs group buying is correct info. volumes are still l...Platinum Member
254 Followers
Pl. do not bother about the results as it does not contain the income from the sale proceeds of 95 million dollers.  The positive development is TCS related group is buying huge quantities of HOV services which is also in software development.
On all counts, HOV services is a good buy.  That is the reason the price of HOV services is going up steadily to cross 200 soon

Dear jugs  here is the article by some sugar expert on why cogen is ve...Silver Member
27 Followers
Dear jugs ,here is the article by some sugar expert on why cogen is very important hence ahead for all sugar companies.......... Fortunately dalmia sugar scores more in this........ Cogen & high sugar recovery are 2 vital points that drive dalmia sugar profitability in next 3 years to come...... Pls read this...... Byproduct realisations are crucial to withstand the down cycle in a sugar industry. Most sugar mills have setup distilleries to utilize molasses and convert them into ethanol or rectified spirits. But in case of co-generation power, even now few sugar companies have low pressure boilers or less capacity of power compared to their crushing volumes. Due to lower rated boiler pressure, some sugar mills export only 25-30 kwh per ton of cane crushed compared to 70 kwh / ton for balrampur chini mills ltd. And 100 kwh / ton for dalmia bharat sugar and industries. Companies such as sir shadi lal enterprises ltd. Hardly have any surplus power to be exported, instead they sell surplus bagasse. Why high pressure boilers are important? In today%u2019s technological advancement , certain very high-pressure boilers are capable of producing higher power output for the same amount of fuel( Bagasse). This also results in bagasse savings which again can be fired in the boiler for higher surplus electricity generation which can be exported into the grid. Most leading sugar have power purchase agreements( Ppa) with state-owned corporations and these power purchase agreements are backed by higher tariffs fixed by electricity regulation commissions. While deriving at tariffs , fuel cost is often considered at a higher price mimicking market price with an escalation clause and better return on equity for the project. This ensures stability in earnings for the integrated sugar mill. Also while considering the tariff , various parameters are considered according to prevailing plant and thier economics. The tariff is fixed on normative basis and hence higher efficiency will result in much higher returns for the company. Thus a high-pressure boiler often leads to better returns for the company..........

When is the september quarter results scheduledCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

PSU banks  staff on strike  private banks remain openPSU bank employees on strike, private banks remain open
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 12, 2014  | 13:02 IST
Photo: Reuters
Employee unions of public sector banks went on a nationwide strike on Wednesday to press for wage revision, affecting banking services like cheque clearance and withdrawal from branches across India.
However, branches of private sector banks like ICICI and HDFC remained open. At the same time, most of the ATMs of all banks were functioning normally, as per initial reports.
 "Strike is complete and total. This strike has been forced upon us as bank management did not yield to our scaled down demands," United Forum of Bank Unions (UFBU) Convener M V Murali told PTI.
Banks, including the country's largest one State Bank of India (SBI), have already informed customers about the inconvenience they are likely to face.
"UFBU has given a notice to IBA calling for nationwide bank strike on November 12 and All-India State Bank Officers' Federation and All-India State Bank of India Staff Federation being a part of UFBU will also participate in the said strike," SBI had said in a statement.
"Since the said call is given at all-India level covering all banks, the bank will not be impacted separately," the statement said.
The staff of public sector banks had gone on a nationwide strike for two days beginning February 10 after discussions with the IBA failed.
The wage revision of public sector bank employees has been due since November 2012.
The UFBU is an umbrella organisation of nine bank employees and officer unions.
There are 27 public sector banks in the country with a combined employee strength of about 8 lakh. There are about 50,000 branches of these banks across the country.

All you need to know about the Rosetta missionUpdated: November 13, 2014 11:02 IST
All you need to know about the Rosetta mission
AP
Tweet
Reuters
Scientists hope the mission will help them learn more about the origins of comets and other celestial bodies.
TOPICS
The European Space Agency on Wednesday successfully landed the Philae probe on comet 67P/Churyumov—Gerasimenko. The audacious landing attempt is the climax of a decade-long mission to link up with the giant ball of dust and ice.
How did the touchdown happen?
Here’s a timeline of major events in the Rosetta mission:
March 2, 2004- Europe’s unmanned probe Rosetta takes off from Kourou, French Guiana, after a series of delays, including an abandoned January 2003 launch window because of a rocket problem.
Feb. 25, 2007- Rosetta carries out a close flyby of Mars. European Space Agency’s mission control breaks out in applause after the end of 15 tense minutes of radio silence as the craft passes behind the Red Planet.
Sept. 5, 2008- Probe successfully passes close to an asteroid 250 million miles from Earth. The spacecraft loses its radio signal for 90 minutes as planned during the flyby of the Steins asteroid, also known as Asteroid 2867.
July 10, 2010- Between Mars and Jupiter, Rosetta transmits its first pictures from the largest asteroid ever visited by a satellite after it flies by Lutetia as close as 1,900 miles (3,200 kilometers). It is the closest look to date at the Lutetia asteroid.
Jan. 20, 2014- Waking after almost three years of hibernation, Rosetta sends its first signal back to Earth. Systems had been powered down in 2011 to conserve energy, leaving scientists in the dark for 31 months.
Aug. 6, 2014- Rosetta swings alongside comet 67P/Churyumov—Gerasimenko somewhere between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter.
Nov. 12, 2014- The probe releases the Philae lander toward the comet’s surface.

Australia wins first ODI against South Africa by 32 runsPERTH, Australia, November 14, 2014
Updated: November 14, 2014 17:49 IST
Australia wins first ODI against South Africa by 32 runs
AP
Tweet
AP
Australia's Nathan Coulter-Nile is congratulated by teammate Shane Watson after taking a wicket during the ODI match against South Africa in Perth on Friday.
AP
Australia's David Warner plays a hook shot during the first ODI match against South Africa in Perth on Friday.
TOPICS
One-day cricket
Australia recovered from the setback of Michael Clarke’s early injury and held off a determined counterattack from A.B. de Villiers to win the series-opening limited-overs international against South Africa by 32 runs on Friday.
George Bailey stood in for captain Clarke, who injured his left hamstring, top-scoring with 70 in Australia’s total of 300-8 and then cycling through his bowlers to derail South Africa’s run chase.
Mitchell Johnson (2-38) took early wickets as South Africa struggled to 78-4 before de Villiers (80) and David Miller (65) combined for a 126-run fifth-wicket partnership that put the visitors in control.
Nathan Coulter-Nile (4-48) swung momentum back to Australia with two wickets in three balls, and de Villiers was run out before South Africa was eventually dismissed for 268.
Earlier, George Bailey was dropped four times en route to an innings-salvaging 70 as Australia posted 300-8 after being sent in to bat Friday in the series-opening limited-overs international against South Africa.
Australia started positively, with David Warner (46) and Aaron Finch (35) racing to 94 before both openers were dismissed within three balls from Vernon Philander (4-45).
Australia skipper Michael Clarke scratched around for 11 before he was caught behind, gloving an attempted pull shot off Dale Steyn to give the South African paceman the upper hand in their acrimonious rivalry. Clarke injured his left hamstring in the process and withdrew from the remainder of the match.
The total appeared insufficient after a stop-start innings from Australia, which started cautiously.
Finch had a reprieve on 1 when he successfully challenged an LBW decision.
With communications between on-field and TV umpire broadcast for the first time for TV viewers, Billy Bowden overturned the initial call because the ball was high and straying down legside.
Warner went on the attack in the next over, hitting the first six, and helping Australia pass 50 in the ninth.
Australia clobbered legspinner Imran Tahir for 15 runs in the 14th over but Philander altered the course of the game in the 15th when he dismissed Warner to a low, tumbling outfield catch from Ryan McLaren and had Finch caught behind.
Clarke was next out and, after Bailey was dropped twice on 2 by David Miller off Morne Morkel and by Tahir putting down a regulation caught-and-bowled chance Australia ran out of such luck when Shane Watson was out sweeping Tahir to Morkel at short fine leg, putting the hosts on 130-4.
Bailey steered the middle order out of serious trouble, despite being dropped again on 38 and 47, before he was well caught in the deep by Faf du Plessis to give Steyn (2-62) his second wicket.
Bailey was the stand-in captain for Clarke for the remainder of the match. Regular vice-captain Brad Haddin is missing the series after injuring his shoulder in the 2-0 test series loss to Pakistan last month.
Matthew Wade, Haddin’s replacement as wicketkeeper, was out for 35 late in the innings

IPL spot fixing: SC names Srini  Meiyappan  Kundra  Sundar RamanPrint
Senior advocates Kapil Sibal, A N Sundaram, Ashok Desai, Mahesh Jethmalani and Harish Salve appeared for the parties. (Source: PTI)
Written by Aneesha Mathur | New Delhi | Posted: November 14, 2014 3:39 pm | Updated: November 17, 2014 3:11 pm
ICC chairman N Srinivasan, along with three other cricket officials, were issued notices Friday by the Supreme Court after their names appeared in the report of the Justice Mukul Mudgal probing fixing allegations in the Indian Premier League.
Srinivasan’s son-in-law and Chennai Super Kings’ official Gurunath Meiyappan, Rajasthan Royals co-owner Raj Kundra and IPL chief operating officer Sundar Raman were the others named in the 35-page report which, according to the bench of Justice T S Thakur and Justice Ibrahim Kalifulla, suggested several “misdemeanours”.
Incidentally, the court inadvertently revealed the names of three cricketers during the hearing but later directed the media not to print them.
The court said lawyers of the four “non-playing actors” mentioned by the Mudgal’s committee would get a redacted report with the names of the players blacked out. This was done since these players aren’t being represented in the case.
“We can’t withhold the report from you because your arguments will be on the basis of the report,” the court said. The copies of the report will now be given to the four named who have been given time until November 24 to submit responses. The report’s contents still remain secret but the court did mention “several findings in the report indicting some individuals”.
BCCI counsel A N Sundaram also gave an undertaking to the court that the BCCI elections, which were scheduled to be held on November 20, will now be deferred for four weeks.
During the hearing, senior advocate Kapil Sibal sought directions from the court to hold the elections, but the court refused to give any order, observing that “many issues” were there.
After the court hearing, the BCCI faction opposed to Srinivasan didn’t seem too pleased by the decision to postpone the AGM.
Former BCCI president Shashank Manohar, in a press statement, said: “During the hearing before the Supreme Court, the names of N Srinivasan, Sundar Raman, Meiyappan and Raj Kundra are disclosed. This means that the said persons are prima facie indicted in the report.”
Court notices to the four officials come nearly six months after IPS officer B B Mishra and the police departments of Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai started investigating the case. The SC empowered the Mudgal panel to carry out search-and-seize action but restrained it from making any arrest on its own.
The IPL fixing scandal broke last year after the arrest of high-profile cricket players and alleged bookies. The Mudgal committee was appointed by the Supreme court in October 2013.

Vijay Hazare: Tokas scalps four  helps Delhi reach knockoutsBy: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 14, 2014 8:02 pm
Delhi medium-pacer Vikas Tokas picked up a four-wicket haul to help the Gautam Gambhir-led side edge past Services by three wickets in a North Zone match and enter the knockout stage of the Vijay Hazare Trophy one-day tournament, in Dharamsala on Friday.
Needing 147 for victory, Delhi made heavy weather of their chase by failing to get partnerships going but finally got their target in 34.4 overs.
Juggling with their opening combination in every match of the tournament so far, Gambhir (4), who struck a fluent 93 in the last match, came in with Unmukt Chand (2) but soon the score read 6 for 2.
Virender Sehwag, who also looked to be back in form after his smashing 80 in the previous game, threw away his wicket after a quickfire 20.
The middle-order followed the same regimen and the batsmen withered away good starts to always give Services a
ray of hope.
Rajat Bhatia top-scored with a patient 34 as wicketkeeper-batsman Puneet Bisht (15 not out) guided the team home alongwith Sumit Narwal (1 not out).
Pace spearhead Suraj Yadav, new-ball partner Shadab Nazar and Nerender Singh picked up 2 wickets each.
Earlier electing to field, Delhi bowlers, led by the in-form Tokas, hurt Services by picking up regular wickets to bundle the Yashpal Singh-led side for a paltry 146 in 40.1 overs.
Pace spearhead Narwal started the rot by picking up Services opener Pratik Desai (19) and wicketkeeper-batsman
Nakul Verma (0) on consecutive deliveries to be on a hat-trick, only to be foiled by Rajat Paliwal (12).
Left-arm orthodox bowler Varun Sood also chipped in with a couple of wickets and sent back a dangerous-looking opener Devender Lochab (40), who remained the highest-scorer of the innings.
But Tokas it was who troubled the Services batsmen time and again to pick up his second consecutive four-wicket haul after he registered figures of 4-41 in Delhi’s previous win against Haryana by the same margin.
Delhi with three wins from five matches managed to scrape through into the next round with a better run-rate than
Himachal Pradesh and ended second in the table led by Punjab.
Brief Scores: Services 146 all out in 40.1 overs (Devender Lochab 40, Ashutosh Aman 22; Vikas Tokas 4-43)
Delhi 148/7 in 34.4 overs (Rajat Bhatia 34, Virender Sehwag 20; Suraj Yadav (2-23), Shadab Nazar (2-36), Nerender Singh (2-37).
Punjab reach knockouts
Punjab on Friday sealed a berth in the knockout stage of Vijay Hazare Trophy after scoring a comfortable three-wicket victory over hosts Himachal Pradesh in their final North Zone group match.
Opener Amitoze Singh (50) scored a half-century while Gurkeerat Singh missed out his fifty by just one run as Punjab overhauled the 197-run target with 12 overs to spare at Luhnu Cricket Ground to finish on top of the points table.
Punjab bowlers did a splendid job to bowl out Himachal for a meager 196 and the hosts paid the price for poor batting as they missed out on qualifying for the next stage.
Punjab (+0.557), Delhi (+0.428) and Himachal (+0.263) all ended the group stage with 12 points each but the first two teams qualified due to their better continued…

Nasdaq run to record high: 2000 vs. nowSHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A stock market correspondent reports from the Nasdaq MarketSite on March 29, 2000. (Richard Drew, AP)
The Nasdaq composite is edging ever closer to its record close of 5048.62 from the year 2000. But it’s unlikely the final climb to a fresh record — if it happens — will resemble the sprint 14 years ago.
Indeed, the Nasdaq entered today’s session at 4680.14, or 7.3% below its March 10, 2000, all-time high. The last time the Nasdaq — the stock index best known for its tech-stock components but now driven by a host of stocks from other sectors — was trading near its current level on the way up was on the final day of February 2000, when it was 7.5% shy of its ultimate record-setting close.
Amazingly, it took just eight trading days back in March 2000 for the then-red-hot index to race up 7.5% to its all-time record of 5048.62. But a repeat of that rapid blow-off-top-type rally — while always possible — is unlikely.
And, to be frank, a longshot. Tech stocks were in a full-fledged mania back in early 2000, and eventually crashed and burned, triggering one of the worst stock market declines in history.
Below is the final eight-session surge back in March 2000 for the Nasdaq that helped it skyrocket to a record close of 5048.62.
Date     Close          % chg. prior day
3/10    5048.62  +0.03% RECORD HIGH CLOSE 
3/9       5046.86     +3.1%

Novak Djokovic: On top of the worldDjokovic will finish the season No. 1 for the third time in four years. He's the seventh man to accomplish the feat at least three times. (Source: Reuters)
By: Associated Press | London | Posted: November 14, 2014 10:25 pm
Novak Djokovic clinched another year-end No. 1 ranking and a semifinals berth in the ATP Finals with a comfortable win over Tomas Berdych on Friday.
Berdych was dispatched 6-2, 6-2 in a group match, giving Djokovic an unassailable points lead over second-ranked Roger Federer.
Djokovic, the Wimbledon champion, will finish the season No. 1 for the third time in four years. He’s the seventh man to accomplish the feat at least three times.
“It’s an incredible achievement. Being No. 1 in the world is one of the biggest challenges a tennis player can have,” he said.
“I’ve been playing since I was four. I was very fortunate to have very knowledgeable people, people who believed in me, and believed in my talent.”
Djokovic and Federer have swept their groups, and are on course to meet in Sunday’s final.
Djokovic will take on Kei Nishikori in the semifinals at the O2 Arena, wile Federer will face his Davis Cup teammate Stan Wawrinka or U.S. Open champion Marin Cilic, who met late Friday.
Djokovic extended his two-year-old indoor winning streak to 30 matches. The two-time defending champion in London, he has lost only nine games this week.
Berdych dropped his first two service games as the Serb took control from the baseline. Djokovic again broke twice in the second set with a range of forehand winners, strong returns and net charges that left Berdych stranded frequently.
“There was not much doubt that the match could go the other way,” Berdych said. “There was no way I can challenge him better than this.”
Beside winning his seventh Grand Slam title at the All England Club, Djokovic was also runner-up at the French Open, and won six titles. He has been in supreme form since the birth of his first child, Stefan, on Oct. 21, and won 16 of his last 17 matches.

Kolkata  Chennaiyin play out 0-0 draw at Salt Lake StadiumBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:39 am
Atletico de Kolkata played out a goal-less draw against Chennaiyin FC in a high-intensity Indian Super League fixture on Friday to maintain their top spot. Watched by a starry Bollywood gathering of Bachchan father-son duo and Deepika Padukone, the match had all the ingredients of an eventful contest, including an 11-minute interruption thanks to a familiar power outage at the Yuva Bharati Krirangan.
But a goal eluded both the teams and ATK would consider themselves unlucky after their star striker Fikru Teferra fluffed an easy chance while marquee player and captain Luis Garcia’s free-kick hit the crosspiece.
Even Chennaiyin FC very nearly went one-up in the 80th minute when Balwant Singh scored using a Jean-Eudes Maurice cross. But the Indian striker’s deflection of his hands was spotted by referee Pratap Singh, who disallowed the goal.
Chennaiyin’s star Brazilian forward Elano Blumer also had a lacklustre day, missing some easy opportunities while his clinical freekicks too eluded him a goal. Both teams refused to play second fiddle in the top of the table clash but it was ATK who had the best opportunity with Fikru firing it wide of the post.
In a 21st minute move, a full charged-up ATK dished out some amazing interplay between Garcia, Nato and Fikru who found himself in front of an open goal. But the Ethiopian let the team down firing it wide of the post in the best chance of the first-half. If Fikru’s shot broke the hearts of the 45,000-odd crowd in the first-half, former Liverpool star Luis Garcia hit the crossbar after a powerful curling left-footer on the edge of the box in the 62nd minute.
The Spaniard sent the ball curling towards the right top corner but the framework denied him as ATK had to settle for one point to retain their lead over the Chennai side on top of the table by virtue of goal difference.
ATK made a couple of changes to their line up as their influential playmaker Jofre, who was suspended for their last match, returned in place of Kingshuk Debnath while Lester Fernandez replaced Cavin Lobo. In their battle for the top spot, Chennaiyin FC also made two changes, bringing in Eric Djemba-Djemba and Dane Pereira for Bojan Djordjic and Denson Devdas.
After the match Chennaiyin FC assistant coach Vivek Nagul said two more wins may be enough for his side to book a semi-final berth.
“Two wins would really secure a place. If a couple of games can be won by us or by Kolkata it could secure a place,” Nagul told reporters.
He said that ATK deserved three points today. “We missed our two central defenders but our performance deserved the one point. continued…

SpiceJet trims September quarter losses by 45 pct to to Rs 1 449.94 crInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
Low cost carrier SpiceJet on Friday reported a reduction in its losses by 45% during the July to September quarter to Rs 310.44 crore from Rs 559.49 crore it posted during the same period of the previous year.
The improved performance of the Gurgaon-based carrier came on the back of higher load factor and passenger revenue generated by the airline and lower expenses incurred by it during the quarter as compared to the year before.
The Kalanithi Maran-promoted no frill carrier’s revenue increased by 15% to Rs 1,449.94 crore during the September quarter while its expenses were down by 2% to 1,749 crore.
The carrier also registered a 19% increase in its load factor, and 12% increase in its RASK (Revenue per Available Seat Km) while bringing down the CASK (Cost per Available Seat Km) by 7%, during the quarter that ended on September 30, as compared to the year before.
“There were Rs 75 crore of one-off and restructuring expenses in the quarter. Excluding these expenses, Year-on-Year loss (YoY) reduced by 57%  or Rs 313.9 crore, EBITDAR margin improved from -19% to +4% YoY or an improvement of Rs 283.6 crore,” SpiceJet said in a statement.
“The revenue results above clearly indicate that our market stimulation efforts are driving not just higher loads, but higher unit revenue (RASK) as well; additionally our continued focus on ancillary revenues are showing substantial results with an increase 31% YoY,” SpiceJet added.
SpiceJet has rolled out several discounts in the past three quarters, which have often lead to price war of sorts with other airlines following up with discounts. The airline has offered as much as 22 discounts since the beginning of the calendar year.
The statement added that SpiceJet’s market stimulation efforts have had a positive impact on the travel industry as a whole by helping increase demand to fill seats that would otherwise go empty.
“This (discounts) has benefiting not just the airline through incremental revenue, but also customers who are getting much more affordable fares if they are willing to book early, and for all other players in the travel value chain due to the increased volume of travel.”
However, on a sequential basis, the carrier’s revenues fell by 14.26% while its losses widened by 150%, during the September quarter.
At present Indian commercial airlines are hugely loss making due to several factors like high jet fuel prices and taxes, low yield per seat, coupled with high interest rates which have dragged most carriers in the red.
Aviation information consultancy Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA) observed in a July 15 report that India’s airlines are heading for another big loss in FY2015.
SpiceJets’ shares closed at Rs 15.23 per share on the BSE on Friday, up 1.40%. The benchmark Sensex closed at 28,046.66 points, up 0.38%.
TAGS: SpiceJet
More from companies

IPL: Supreme Court notices to N Srinivasan and three other non-playersFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
ICC chairman N Srinivasan, along with three other cricket officials, were issued notices Friday by the Supreme Court after their names appeared in the report of the justice Mukul Mudgal probing fixing allegations in the Indian Premier League.
Srinivasan’s son-in-law and Chennai Super Kings official Gurunath Meiyappan, Rajasthan Royals co-owner Raj Kundra and IPL chief operating officer Sundar Raman were the others named in the 35-page report which, according to the bench of justices TS Thakur and Ibrahim Kalifulla, suggested several “misdemeanours”.
Incidentally, the court inadvertently revealed the names of three cricketers during the hearing but later directed the media not to print them.
The court said lawyers of the four “non-playing actors” mentioned by the Mudgal’s committee would get a redacted report without the names of the players. This was done since these players aren’t being represented in the case.
“We can’t withhold the report from you because your arguments will be on the basis of the report,” the court said. The copies of the report will now be given to the four named who have until November 24 to submit responses. The report’s content still remain secret but the court did mention “several findings in the report indicting some individuals”.
BCCI counsel AN Sundaram also gave an undertaking to the court that the BCCI elections, which were scheduled to be held on November 20, will now be deferred for four weeks.
During the hearing, senior advocate Kapil Sibal sought directions from the court to hold the elections, but the court refused to give any order, observing that there were “many issues”.
After the court hearing, the BCCI faction opposed to Srinivasan didn’t seem too pleased by the decision to postpone the AGM. Former BCCI president Shashank Manohar, in a press statement, said: “During the hearing before the Supreme Court, the names of N Srinivasan, Sundar Raman, Meiyappan and Raj Kundra are disclosed. This means that the said persons are prima facie indicted in the report.”
Court notices to the four officials come nearly six months after IPS officer BB Mishra and the police departments of Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai started investigating the case. The SC empowered the Mudgal panel to carry out search-and-seize action but restrained it from making any arrest on its own.
The IPL fixing scandal broke last year after the arrest of high-profile cricket players and alleged bookies. The Mudgal committee was appointed by the Supreme Court in October 2013.
By Aneesha Mathur
TAGS: N Srinivasan
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Halliburton and Geron Are Big Market MoversAt least three people died Friday in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Capitals vs. Devils: Game 16 discussion threadBy Alex Prewitt November 14 Follow @alex_prewitt
Here’s Alex Ovechkin wiping his face. Now go discuss hockey. (AP)
Their winning streak expanded to three games, the Washington Capitals (7-5-3, 17 points) can sweep their Metropolitan Division homestand Friday night against visiting New Jersey (7-7-2, 16 points) before hitting the road for a six-day, three-game trip to St. Louis, Arizona and Colorado.
Tuesday night, for the first time since their second game, the Capitals managed to grab a lead and not blow it, instead finding a third-period knockout punch from forward Marcus Johansson in a 4-2 win over Columbus. Two practice days later, still without a healthy Tom Wilson or Brooks Laich, they return to Verizon Center for their second game this season against the Devils,  whom they trounced 6-2 on Oct. 16 behind goals from six different skaters , including all three Swedes.
“That’s what you want,” Trotz said then. “I think there’s a good energy in the room, and they’re having fun and doing the right things.”
Trotz’s team has sped through a gantlet of emotions since then, ending a five-game winless streak with some fortunate bounces in Chicago, then squeaking past Carolina in overtime and topping the Blue Jackets. Now, with the scorching Blues awaiting on the back the end, the Capitals can hit the trails with their surge at four games.
The lines, goaltending matchups, links and injuries are all below. The puck drops around 7 p.m. As always, check back later for postgame blogs and, by Saturday morning, we’ll see you from St. Louis. Thanks for reading.
LINES
Alex Ovechkin–Nicklas Backstrom–Jay Beagle
Marcus Johansson–Andre Burakovsky–Troy Brouwer
Jason Chimera–Eric Fehr–Joel Ward
Liam O’Brien OR Chris Brown–Evgeny Kuznetsov–Michael Latta
Defensemen

US House Republicans split on how to thwart Obama onimmigrationRepublicans struggled to reach a consensus on how to stop Barack Obama from easing US immigration policies.
By: Reuters | Washington | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:27 am
Republicans in the US House of Representatives struggled on Friday to reach a consensus on how to stop President Barack Obama from easing US immigration policies, as moderates in the party resisted efforts to use government funding as leverage.
Several Republicans, including some in leadership, said they were trying to find alternatives that would stop short of directly threatening a government shutdown.
The party wants to avoid a repeat of last year’s wrenching 16-day shutdown of federal agencies, which was sparked by a move to deny funding to health insurance reforms.
A vocal group of conservatives is pressing to ban funds needed to implement any move that would allow millions of undocumented immigrants to stay and work in the United States.
“There’s a wide diversity of thought as to how effective that would be,” said Representative Bill Flores of Texas, adding  a shutdown “is not a good solution.”
The debate was an early challenge for Republican congressional leaders and showed that deep party divisions remain after last week’s sweeping midterm election victories. The party will control of the US Senate and have an expanded majority in the House of Representatives in January.
Republicans pondered a range of options to counter Obama, from legal challenges to targeted funding cuts and non-budget legislative approaches, said Representative Lynn Jenkins, the deputy head of the House Republican Conference.
“I think at the end of the day what you will see is some of all of the above,” Jenkins said.
Some conservatives are pushing for a full-year spending bill for most agencies, but a shorter-term extension for agencies directly involved in implementing Obama’s plan so lawmakers could block immigration funds without shutting down the government.
“The power of the purse is what’s given to the House. That’s the check that we have against the White House,” said Representative Mick Mulvaney of South Carolina. “To the extent that that’s the lever we have, that’s the lever we’ll use.”
Many of the legislative options under consideration would face opposition in the Senate, which is controlled by Democrats until January, and draw a veto from the White House.
Some Republicans, including conservatives Raul Labrador and Marlin Stutzman, suggested the House deter Obama by passing some immigration reform bills, starting with enhanced border security measures.

Hosiery trader looted  dumped; nowcriticalPrint
By: Express News Service | Ludhiana | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:25 am
A hosiery trader was looted and dumped in an unconscious state on roadside near Laxmi Cinema Road late on Thursday.
He was found lying on the road on Friday morning. Later, his brother claimed that some miscreants looted Rs 8.50 lakh, two mobile phones and documents from him.
The victim, identified as Sachin, 32, was admitted to Christian Medical College and Hospital where his condition is stated to be critical. He suffered a deep head injury. His brother Happy Ahuja, owner of Ahuja Knitwear on Hazuri road, said he left the city for collecting payments from Kolkata three days ago.
On Thursday evening, Sachin called him and said that he had hired a taxi and would reach home late at night.
Happy said when his brother did not reach home, they tried his number but the phone was switched off. On Friday morning, a man came to their house with a driving licence and informed them that Sachin was lying unconscious on Laxmi Cinema Road.
Surinder Mohan, SHO at division number one police station, said they were scanning the CCTV footage of the cameras installed at nearby establishments.
From the preliminary investigation the police assumed that the victim was attacked with an iron rod on the head.
Body of elderly man found in Sidhwan canal
An unidentified body of an elderly man was recovered from Sidhwan canal near Sarabha Nagar on Friday. A passer-by spotted the body floating in the canal and informed police. The police sent the body to Civil Hospital for a post-mortem. The police said that the deceased was around 65 years of age and the reason behind the death would be clear after the post-mortem. The body has been kept at the Civil Hospital mortuary for identification within 72 hours.     ens

Obama to contribute $3 bn to Green Climate FundBarack Obama, in latest climate move, pledges $3 bln for Green Climate Fund
Reuters Nov 15, 2014, 09.04AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(President Barack Obama…)
BRISBANE/WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama on Friday pledged a $3 billion U.S. contribution to an international fund to help poor countries cope with the effects of climate change, putting the issue front and centre of the G20 Leaders Summit in Australia.
The large size of the contribution took climate policy watchers by surprise and doubles what other countries had previously pledged ahead of a Nov. 20 deadline. It would be the second major move on climate change taken by Obama after big Democratic losses in last week's midterm elections.
"Along with other nations that have pledged support, we'll help vulnerable communities with early-warning systems, stronger defenses against storm surges, and climate-resilient infrastructure," Obama said in remarks ahead of the official opening of the G20 summit.
"We'll help farmers plant more durable crops. We'll help developing economies reduce their carbon pollution and invest in clean energy."
The timing of the announcement was seen as putting pressure Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, who is hosting the summit and once described climate science as "absolute crap". Abbott had hoped the G20 summit would focus on growth and jobs.
"When most nations are saying we have to finance climate change responses, whatever Australia desires, it has to agree or it risks looking like the spoiler at what should be Australia's moment," Tim Costello, the head of World Vision Australia and the C20, or Civil Society 20, told Reuters.
Highlighing Australia's exposure to climate change, Obama said longer droughts and more wildfires were likely.
"The incredible natural glory of the Great Barrier Reef is threatened. Worldwide this past summer was the hottest on record. No nation is immune and every nation has a responsibility to do its part."
The Green Climate Fund will work with private sector investment and help spur global markets in clean energy technologies, creating opportunities for entrepreneurs and manufacturers including those from the United States.
"The fund will be able to deploy innovative instruments. That is the key distinguishing characteristic of the GCF; it has the opportunity to mobilize significant flows of private capital," Abyd Karmali, managing director of climate finance at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rich countries had pledged in 2009 to mobilize $100 billion a year by 2020 to help developing countries tackle carbon emissions.
Earlier this week, Obama announced a climate deal with China. The United States will strive to cut total greenhouse emissions by about 25 percent by 2025, while China will aim for a peak in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030.
In the run-up to the global climate talks in Paris next year, developing nations view finance as a vital part of any deal.
Hela Cheikhrouhou, executive director of the fund, lauded the U.S. pledge as a game-changer. "It could have a domino effect on all other contributions," she said.
The U.S. pledge roughly doubles the $3 billion already promised for the fund, which will hold a first donors' meeting in Berlin on Thursday.
Germany and France had earlier pledged $1 billion each, and Mexico, South Korea, Japan and others have pledged smaller amounts.
The UN has set an informal goal of raising $10 billion for the fund before a meeting of environment ministers in Peru, next month. Developing nations have been urging $15 billion.
Some environmentalists were unimpressed by the pledge. Friends of the Earth said $3 billion "falls magnitudes below what is actually needed by developing countries."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Does cheap gas mean a more generous holidayBy Sarah Halzack November 14 Follow @sarahhalzack
A driver fills up at a gas station in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
As gas prices hover at their lowest level in years, economists and analysts have suggested that this should be good news for the retail industry. With more money in their pockets, perhaps consumers would get off the sidelines and start spending more at shopping malls and restaurants.
New data released Friday by the Commerce Department shows that shoppers indeed loosened their purse string in October, as retail sales rose a healthy 0.3 percent to $444.5 billion. And the gains were broad-based: The only categories to see a decline in sales were gasoline and electronics. The gasoline drop, of course, is entirely logical given the decline in prices, and the electronics decline is also easy to explain: Apple's iPhone 6 and 6+ were released in September, making October a challenging month, comparatively.
This table offers a closer look at last month's results:
October 2014 retail sales data. (Courtesy of U.S. Commerce Department)
Thursday offered another signal that fuel prices are giving retailers a boost. In its third-quarter earnings report, Wal-Mart said its sales rose for the first time in seven quarters . Executives said low prices at the pump were crucial to that turnaround, giving their shoppers a nudge to spend big on seasonal events such as back-to-school and Halloween. It's also noteworthy that Wal-Mart's sales didn't increase because they saw an uptick in shoppers -- in fact, foot traffic was down in its U.S. stores by 0.7 percent. But average tickets rose 1.2 percent, suggesting consumers were spending more when they set foot in a Wal-Mart store.
Both of these reports offer encouraging signs for the retail industry as it heads into its most important stretch of the year. The retail industry has had somewhat of a sluggish year as consumers have remained fiercely committed to hunting for discounts .  If these data are any indication, this extra disposable income may just be the shot in the arm they've been looking for.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

A tale of two subsidies© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/390c9b32-5840-11e4-b331-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IT services industry confronts a depressing reality: Vishal SikkaVishal Sikka, CEO, Infosys
Bangalore, November 12:  
Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka on Wednesday said India has a huge opportunity to be a leader in a software-defined world but its emphasis on low-cost, coupled with poorly trained manpower, is hindering growth.
“India has a great opportunity ahead to accelerate the reshaping and transformation of the world with software. But the depressing reality of increasingly lower costs, hiring people faster and faster from more and more mediocre places, training people less and less, putting them into jobs faster and faster is a wrong direction that the IT industry is taking,” Sikka said in his opening keynote address at CeBIT India, via a pre-recorded video message.
Asserting that the industry can do better, he said IT service firms must be partners of clients and strategically relevant to them, and that they should not continue to be providers of labour arbitrage, lower costs and staff augmentation.
Sikka said: “We can be better partners to our clients on the basis of innovation, intelligence, automation and techniques by bringing the best new technologies and methodologies to the challenges they face. One of the ways to do this is through design thinking that will not only help us identify the best way to solve their problems but also the best way to find their problems. Instead of looking at doing the same old things cheaper, we should look at doing new things. That is the future that the world looks to India for. To find great new solutions to great new problems that are in front of us.”
 Noting there is a need to change the industry mindset to mirror that of entrepreneurs, he said: “Instead of a ‘Seeing is Believing’ mindset of those who follow orders, the industry must change to the entrepreneurial mindset of ‘Believing is Seeing’ where they believe in an opportunity and see it, after which everybody else sees it.”  “We are great at taking orders and executing them for our clients but are not great at boldly sharing our views on how businesses need to be run, going forward. I think the way to get there is to rely on our biggest source of strength – Education. Like my mother once told me: If we can learn anything, we can do anything. As of last week, we have trained 5,300 employees in design thinking.”’
 
(This article was published on November 12, 2014)
Related

YouTube launches  Music Key  paid music subscription serviceInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
Google is remixing the music on its YouTube video site with the addition of ad-free subscription service ”Music Key” and a new format designed to make it easier to find millions of songs that can still be played for free.
The subscription service is part of Google’s effort to mine more revenue from YouTube as the video site approaches the 10th anniversary of its inception. Music Key has been speculated about for months while Google Inc. wrangled over the licensing terms with recording labels. The service, priced initially at $8 a month, is comparable in cost to other digital music subscription services sold by Spotify, Apple Inc.’s Beats and
Google’s own 18-month-old streaming service tied to its Android ”Play” store. But Music Key subscribers will be able to stream through the Google Play service at no additional charge, too.
YouTube also is unveiling a new tab devoted exclusively to music on its mobile apps and website. This option is meant to make it easier for the video site’s 1 billion users to find specific songs and entire albums, even if they aren’t subscribers.
Most music subscription services own the rights to the same catalogues, making their ability to learn listeners’ preference to create appealing playlists particularly important. Music Key, though, will offer the unique distinction of being able to show artists performing their songs too.
That difference could help lure listeners away from Spotify, which says it has about 50 million users, including 12.5 million subscribers, said Mark Mulligan, a longtime industry analyst with Midia Research. And YouTube’s redesigned library of free music could do even more damage to Spotify and other services, such as video site Vevo, where people flock to check out songs at no cost. Expanding the audience that listens to free music would be profitable for Google because that would yield more opportunities to show ads – the main way that the Mountain View, California, company makes its money anyway.
”A cynic might say that Google is only doing this subscription service on YouTube so it would get the rights to do what it always wanted to do with the free service,” Mulligan said.
Google’s main goal ”is to make the music experience better on YouTube,” said Christophe Muller, who oversees the company’s music partnerships.
Music Key initially will be offered on an invitation-only basis in the U.S., United Kingdom, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Ireland and Finland. The first batch of offers will be sent out next week to YouTube viewers with a history of watching a lot of music clips. Anyone interested in an invitation can request one at http://YouTube.com/MusicKey . After a free six-month trial period, Music Key will temporarily cost $8 per month before escalating to its standard price of $10 per month.
Besides removing all ads, Music Key also gives subscribers two other perks: the ability to continue playing songs while the screens of mobile devices are locked and the option to download tracks so they can be played without an Internet connection. The offline music can only be played in Music Key’s mobile app.
Google Inc. bought YouTube for $1.76 billion in 2006, a price that some analysts questioned at the time of the deal because the service barely had any revenue and was drowning in copyright complaints about pirated clips of music videos, television shows and movies. After Google took over, YouTube set up a more stringent system for blocking pirated content to placate copyright owners. Recording labels now use the video site to help promote new songs and artists. The ads running within those music clips have generated more than $1 billion for the performers and recording labels, according to Google.
The world’s three largest music labels – Universal, Sony and Warner – all have reached licensing deals with YouTube as part of the new subscription services. Hundreds of independent labels, including some that had been holding out for better terms, also are on board. Financial details haven’t been disclosed.
YouTube is expected to sell $7.2 billion in advertising this year, based on estimates from the research firm eMarketer. Google has never disclosed how much revenue flows through YouTube. Music Key will be doing well if it attracts enough subscribers to generate $500 million in revenue after its first year in business, said Midia’s Mulligan.
TAGS: Android Google Inc YouTube
More from companies

Rohit Sharma breaks record for highest ODI scoreRohit Sharma breaks record for highest ODI score
PTI
Rohit Sharma
Kolkata, Nov 13:  
Electing to bat, India made 404 for five in the fourth cricket one-dayer against Sri Lanka here today.
India’s Rohit Sharma has broken Virender Sehwag’s world record ODI score of 219.
He scored 264 to create a new record of highest individual score in ODI history.
Brief Scores:
India: 404/5 in 50 overs (Rohit Sharma 264, Virat Kohli 66, Angelo Mathews 2/44).
(This article was published on November 13, 2014)
Related

Special train to ferry attendees for Modis speech in SydneySpecial train to ferry attendees for Modi’s speech in Sydney
PTI
Tweet
Melbourne, Nov 13:  
A special train will run from Melbourne to Sydney carrying over 200 passengers who will attend the public address of Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his visit to Australia, the first by an Indian premier in 28 years.
For the first time in the history of Melbourne, a train service will run under the name of a Prime Minister.
On Sunday, the train of four bogies would carry almost 220 passengers from Melbourne to Sydney who will attend the first and the only public address of Modi for Indian Australians to be held at Sydney the next day.
Organised by the Overseas Friends of BJP here, the service has been named as ‘Modi Express’ to honour their leader and celebrate his first official visit as Prime Minister to Australia.
“This Modi Express will be a hell of a party time for all of the passengers,” according to Ashwin Bora, spokesperson for OFBJP’s Melbourne Chapter.
People from several communities even locals here have booked their seats on this train, he said.
With the support of rail authorities here, the train will be specially decorated with tri-colour balloons, Modi’s posters and banners and pictures of iconic places of India.
Apart from this, organisers have also arranged free food for the passengers who will be served with delicacies like ’Modi Dhokla’ and ‘Modi Fafda’.
Bora said this train journey would be an experience in itself as there would be music and dance troupes travelling as well to entertain the passengers.
“This is unprecedented in the history of Indian politics.
For the first time a prime minister has evoked such an enormous response throughout the world akin to a rockstar. People are thronging to see him and I’m no exception to that. I am waiting to be a part of this special train journey,” Anjali Tikoo, one of the passengers of Modi Express, said.
Modi is due to visit Brisbane for the G20 conference on November 15 and is also expected to hold a public address on November 17 for which over 150,000 attendees have already registered.
(This article was published on November 13, 2014)
Related

Mutual funds invest Rs 32K cr in debt in Oct  total crosses Rs 5 27 435 crONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Mutual funds pumped in close to a whopping Rs 32,000 crore in the bond market in October, taking the total investment to more than Rs 5 lakh crore since the beginning of the year.
In comparison, foreign investors made a net inflow of a staggering 1.4 lakh crore in the debt market so far in 2014.
As per the latest data compiled by market regulator Sebi, the net investment by mutual funds (MFs) in the debt market during October stood at Rs 31,917 crore.
This takes the total net investment by MFs into the bond market to Rs 5,27,435 crore so far this year. In 2013, mutual funds had invested a net of Rs 5.12 lakh crore in the bond market.
Industry experts attributed the inflows in debt to the new government’s reforms agenda, improved fundamentals of the Indian economy and high interest rates.
Mutual funds are investment vehicles made up of a pool of funds collected from a large number of investors. MFs invest in stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
Moreover, MFs picked up shares to the tune of over Rs 5,900 crore in the equity market last month, making it the fifth consecutive monthly inflow.
MFs have turned net buyers of equities since May 2014. Prior to that, fund houses have been net sellers in the equity market since September last year, while they were net buyers of shares to the tune of Rs 1,607 crore in August 2013.
The latest inflows takes the total net investment by MFs in stocks to Rs 14,000 crore so far this year.
TAGS: Mutual Funds
More from indianmarkets

Honda reports new exploding Takata-airbag deathMercedes Benz inaugurates Chandigarh's largest dealership
An explosion involving a defective airbag killed a woman in Malaysia, bringing to five the number of deaths believed to be linked to a flaw in parts made by embattled Japanese firm Takata, Honda said today.
The previous four cases happened in the United States, but Honda said one woman died in a July crash after an abnormal rupture of a Takata-made airbag.
“An airbag on one of our vehicles exploded abnormally and a Malaysian woman was killed,” said a Tokyo-based Honda spokesman.
The news came as the car giant announced an additional recall of more than 170,000 vehicles worldwide due to the risk that an explosion could send metal shards from the airbag’s inflator hurtling at drivers.
Takata is facing the biggest test in its 80-year history with lawsuits, a possible criminal probe, and accusations of “deception and obfuscation” over the defect.
Millions of vehicles produced by some of the world’s biggest automakers, including Honda, Toyota and General Motors, are being recalled over the problem.
Honda has been named in a US lawsuit as a defendant, which alleges it conspired with Takata to hide the flaw for years.
The New York Times has quoted former Takata employees as saying secret tests were conducted a decade ago to investigate the defect, but executives ordered the destruction of data that exposed design flaws.
At least three out of the five deaths “were caused by an abnormal explosion of the airbag, including the latest case in Malaysia”, but the other two cases had yet to be confirmed, Honda said.
“We don’t know yet if those deaths were caused by the airbag explosion or by other factors involved in the accidents,” a company spokeswoman said.
Takata’s Tokyo-listed shares have lost about half their value since an investigation was opened in June.
Attention has focused on a Takata plant in Mexico, with suspicions the defect may be linked to a chemical propellant used to inflate the airbags which can more easily rupture in areas with high humidity.
Police reportedly investigated at least one driver death in the US as a murder due to woman’s grisly injuries, until their focus switched to the vehicle’s airbag.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), the US auto safety regulator, has expanded its “urgent” warning to owners of cars with affected airbags to take them to dealers to fix the problem.
TAGS: Honda
More from automobiles

Mosquitoes evolved attraction to human odourCircumcision advised for teenage boys
Some of the female mosquitoes that spread dengue and yellow fever transitioned from animal-biting insects into deadly vectors of human disease by acquiring “love” for human body odour, a new study suggests.
“We provide the ideal lifestyle for mosquitoes. We always have water around for them to breed in, we are hairless and we live in large groups,” said Leslie B Vosshall from the Rockefeller University in US.
“They’ve acquired a love for human body odour, and that’s a key step in specialising on us,” she said.
To understand the evolutionary basis of this attraction, Vosshall and her colleagues examined the genes that drove some mosquitoes to prefer humans in Rabai, Kenya.
Their findings suggest that human-loving mosquitoes are attracted to our scent.
Scientists had earlier observed two distinct populations living just hundreds of meters apart.
Black mosquitoes, a subspecies called Aedes aegypti formosus, tended to lay its eggs outdoors and preferred to bite forest animals.
Their light-brown cousins, Aedes aegypti aegypti, tended to breed indoors in water jugs and mostly hunted humans.
To zero in on the genes responsible for the human-loving mosquitoes’ preference, researchers crossbred the mosquitoes, creating thousands of genetically diverse grandchildren.
And then they sorted those mosquitoes based on their odour preference and compared the two groups.
“We knew that these mosquitoes had evolved a love for the way we smell,” Vosshall said.
Researchers looked specifically for genes that had higher levels of expression in the human-loving insects’ antennae. These structures contain proteins called odorant receptors that pick up different scents.
They found 14 genes strongly linked to liking humans, but one odour receptor gene – Or4 – stood out.
“It’s very highly expressed in human-preferring mosquitoes,” Vosshall said.
The researchers guessed that Or4 must be detecting some aroma in human body odour.
The switch from preferring animals to humans involves a variety of behaviour adjustments: Mosquitoes had to become comfortable living around humans, entering their homes, breeding in clean water found in water jugs instead of the muddy water found in tree holes.
“There’s a whole suite of things that mosquitoes have to change about their lifestyle to live around humans,” Vosshall said.
The study was published in the journal Nature.
TAGS: Dengue
More from health
Key protein may contribute to wound healing, tumour growth A key protein may allow for a new way to use the immune system to speed healing and counter inflammatory...

Financial Technologies moves Bombay HC against Govt order on merger with NSELONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
The Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL) has filed a petition in the Bombay High Court challenging the recent government order to merge its crippled National Spot Exchange with itself.
FTIL has questioned the impugned order issued by the Corporate Affairs Ministry on October 21 for proposed “forced” amalgamation of the now shut National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL) with the company.
The company will take further steps as per advise of the legal counsel/lawyer, FTIL said in a communique to the BSE today.
The government had last month ordered the merger of the bourse with its parent firm, FTIL, in order to ensure faster recovery of dues for entities hit by the Rs 5600 crore fraud at NSEL.
FTIL owns 99.99 percent of NSEL, on which trading was suspended after the fraud came to light in July 2013.
Earlier, some minority shareholders of FTIL have raised objections to the proposed merger of the scam-hit NSEL with the company.
The payment crisis at NSEL came to light in July 2013 and the decision to merge it with FTIL has been taken as the bourse is not left with any viable, sustainable business while FTIL has necessary resources to facilitate speedy recovery of dues, according to official sources.
The proposal of merger would take a final shape after taking into account submissions or objections made by the shareholders and creditors of the two companies. Comments have been sought from them till December 20.
NSEL’s entire business, properties and liabilities, among others, would be transferred to FTIL after the merger, according to the order issued on October 21.
The ministry had said that FTIL cannot be allowed to confine its responsibility and concern only for the small investors alone and it has to shoulder full responsibility for the outstanding dues at NSEL.
FTIL has prayed in the petition that the Government order was bad in law and needs to be quashed.
TAGS: Bse FTIL NSEL
More from indianmarkets

Staff union reject Jaguar Land Rover offer on wage  pensionMercedes Benz inaugurates Chandigarh's largest dealership
Workers union at Tata Motors-owned Jaguar Land Rover have rejected an offer by the car maker over pay and pension changes, while asking the management to either re-negotiate the proposal, or face vote for industrial action.
According to Unite, the UK’s largest trade union, 96 per cent of JLR workers across the company’s five plants rejected the proposed pay deal amid warnings that “it fell short of expectations and failed to recognise the workforce’s contribution to last year’s profits of £2.5 billion and this
year’s record breaking first quarter profits of £1 billion”.
“12,881 voted to reject the pay offer, with 454 voting to accept and 17 spoilt ballot papers,” it added.
Commenting on the development, Unite National Officer Roger Maddison said in a statement: “JLR needs to get back around the negotiating table and hammer out a deal that meets he workforce’s expectations and shares the rewards of the company’s success fairly. Otherwise we will be looking to ballot our members for industrial action across the company’s five sites.”
When contacted a company spokesperson said: “Jaguar Land Rover is very disappointed that the Trade Unions have voted to reject its pay and conditions offer. We remain committed to reaching a negotiated settlement.”
Unite said its members feared that the bonus, “which isn’t consolidated or pensionable, will gradually replace pay rises that attract company pension payments over the coming years”.
“Anger is also mounting over the dilution and threatened changes to the final salary scheme including 240 million pounds worth of pension cuts, despite pension changes to the final salary scheme being agreed with the workforce two years ago”.
“Elsewhere in the offer, plans for it to take new starters six years to reach 100 per cent pay, or the rate for job, have drawn criticism from the UK’s 14,000 strong workforce along with the introduction of a new bonus payment,” it added.
Maddison said the workforce made huge sacrifices and endured pay freezes during difficult times to ensure that Jaguar Land Rover is the success it is today.
“Their hard work, skills and commitment have helped ensure that JLR has become a highly profitable world leader with a bulging order book. With the company making a staggering £10 million profit a day, it is no surprise that the workforce is angered by pension cuts and a pay offer that falls short in recognising their role in that success,” he added.
TAGS: Jaguar Land Rover
More from automobiles

Bone marrow stem cell treatment has no added benefit : StudyCircumcision advised for teenage boys
Bone marrow stem cell treatment has no added benefit over the conventional treatment in paralysis, also known as stroke, reveals a study conducted by AIIMS.
According to the study, people suffering from ischemic stroke should exercise caution while opting for stem cell therapy of any kind until more controlled studies come to the fore.
The study financed by the Department of Biotechnology, Ministry of Science and Technology, was conducted over a period of six years between 2008 and 2014 and had sample size of 120 patients, all of whom had suffered from stroke.
Of the 120 patients, 60 patients were assigned to receive conventional treatment and the rest were assigned to bone marrow stem cells treatment besides the conventional treatment.
“While half of the patients underwent conventional treatment, the other half underwent stem cell aspiration from hip bone. Bone marrow cells were infused into the veins of their forearms,” the study stated.
On an average 28 crore bone marrow cells were injected of which blood forming stem cells were on average 29 lakhs per patient. Later, the patients faced difficulties in using arms and legs.
They were assesed at an interval of 3, 6 months and 12 months and the difficulties they experienced doing various activities of daily livings were measured using two scales which revealed that stem cell treatment is safe but there is no added benefits over the conventional treatment method.
“The study proved that stem cell treatment though safe, has no advantages over the conventional treatment process.
Infact, any patient suffering from disabling and incurable diseases, should not go for stem cell treatment without knowing the scientific effects of it. The new paradigm of clinical practice which is called evidence based medicine requires evidence of clear benefit which outways any risk before a treatment is used in clinical practice,” said Kameshwar Prasad, Professor and Head, Department of Neurology & Director of Clinical Epidemiology Unit, AIIMS.
The study, which is the first and largest report on stem cells treatment for stroke has been published in the American Journal “Stroke”.
Apart from AIIMS, SGPGI Lucknow, PGIMER Chandigarh, Armed Forces Medical College, Pune and Army Research and Referral, New Delhi also participated in the study.
TAGS: Bone Marrow
More from health
Key protein may contribute to wound healing, tumour growth A key protein may allow for a new way to use the immune system to speed healing and counter inflammatory...

India  US resolve food row  signalling end to WTO impasseIndia, US resolve food row, signalling end to WTO impasse
Amiti Sen
WTO General Council to discuss New Delhi’s proposal in December
New Delhi, Nov 13:  
India and the US reached a compromise on issues relating to food security and trade facilitation at the World Trade Organisation (WTO), which could soon lead to a resolution of the current impasse in global trade talks.
However, neither country shared the finer details of the agreements. US Trade Representative Michael Froman said the bilateral agreements were a result of discussions between President Barack Obama and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman, who said an agreement has been reached with the US, ducked questions on whether Washington had agreed to concessions over and above an indefinite continuation of the ‘peace clause’, which it had already agreed to last month.
“These are details that we will share with the General Council of the WTO when it meets next month. We don’t want to disclose them here,” she told reporters here on Thursday.
Subsidy caps
A peace clause is an undertaking that action won’t be taken against a member for breaching agriculture subsidy caps (fixed at 10 per cent of production) till the formula for calculating such subsidies is re-worked. The concessions, which India had been pitching for, include dropping the condition that the tool can be used only when subsidies are non-trade distortive and on submission of data.
Sitharaman made it clear that India was pleased with the compromise.
“We are extremely happy that India and the US have successfully resolved their differences relating to the issue of public stockholding for food security purposes in the WTO in a manner that addresses our concerns. This will end the impasse at the WTO and also open the way for implementation of the Trade Facilitation Agreement,” she said.
India had refused to support a protocol on trade facilitation — a pact to ease movement of goods between borders by upgrading infrastructure and improving processes — on July 31, as agreed to in Bali last December, as it wanted a better deal on food security.
For a permanent solution
New Delhi had demanded that, as a permanent solution, the subsidies should either be dropped from the list of trade-distorting subsidies, calculated on a more recent base year (as opposed to existing base year of 1986-88), or indexed to inflation.
The agreement between the US and India also sets out elements for an intensified programme of work and negotiations to arrive at such a permanent solution, the US Trade Representative’s office said in a statement.
Congress’ charge
Congress leader and former Commerce Minister Anand Sharma said: “We have not been holding any bilateral negotiations on this issue. Then, how can the Government hold a bilateral meeting and claim that issues have been resolved? It has to be discussed in a ministerial conference.” At the WTO’s Bali ministerial, Sharma had negotiated that a permanent solution should be found latest by the eleventh ministerial scheduled in 2017. “We had ensured that India’s interests will be protected. I do not think there is any change in the position,” Sharma told BusinessLine.
(This article was published on November 13, 2014)
Related

Analyst Corner: Buy Arvind on strong growth in brands & retailbusinessONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Maintain buy on Arvind with a target price of R360, implying 10x FY16e EV/ebitda. We expect revenue and PAT to post 15.2% and 13.7% CAGR, respectively, over FY14-17e along with significant improvement in business mix in favor of brands and retail. We cut ebitda estimates by 12% and 15% and EPS estimates by 12% and 19% for FY15e and FY16e respectively to reflect lower growth and margin for textile business.
Arvind’s revenue grew by 14.3% to R1970 crore, while ebitda grew by 4% to R242 crore, with ebitda margins at 12.3%.
Arvind reported a strong growth in the brands and retail business, with revenue posting 28.6% growth, standing at R650 crore, against R5 00 crore in Q2FY14. Growth was driven by 123 store additions y-o-y, (20 new store openings during the quarter) thus taking the total to 761 stores along with 16% growth in space to 0.77 million sqft; sales through third party online websites grew 4x y-o-y, and now contribute 5% to brands sales.
Like-to-like (LTL) growth during the quarter was subdued at 4.3%. In MegaMart (MM), continuing with the restructuring exercise, on a y-o-y basis, management closed down 40 stores (12 during the quarter), taking the store count down to 146. However, new large format store openings ensured that overall retail space under MM on a y-o-y basis grew 13% to 0.81 million sqft.
By Motilal Oswal
More from indianmarkets

Analyst Corner: Bullish on Tech Mahindra as revamp nearscompletionONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Maintain ‘outperform’ on Tech Mahindra (TechM) with price target of Rs 2,780 per share, which implies 15x FY16e EPS (ex-treasury shares).We believe valuation catch-up with peers is now over and a revival in the upgrade cycle is the key for an incremental move. We adjust the forecasts marginally to build a more conservative view on near-term margins.
In our view, TechM is no longer a ‘work-in-progress’. Since the formal merger with Satyam, the company has implemented multiple changes in its sales-force management, account planning processes and market positioning. We believe the revamp is nearing completion and management’s focus is now on execution.
We foresee strong revenue momentum. The company is on track to growing organic revenue to a $4 billion plus run-rate over the next five quarters with acquisitions likely to add the balance for its stated goal of $5 billion by Q3FY16. Its deal pipeline has expanded five times and win-rate 50% in the erstwhile Satyam business over the past four quarters, while it continued to gain market share in the telecom vertical.
Investment in revenue growth perusal has affected profitability. TechM expects ebitda margin to stay around 20% in the near-term. However, we see multiple levers – namely offshore leverage, utilisation and pyramid.
By Standard Chartered
TAGS: Tech Mahindra
More from indianmarkets

Sugar stocks gain 1-19% on Uttar PradeshmoveGold futures price falls on global cues
Sugar stocks advanced 1-19% on Thursday after the UP government decided not to raise the state advisory price (SAP) of cane for the 2014-15 crushing season.
“In a cabinet meeting, presided over by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, it was decided to maintain the SAP of early ripening variety of sugarcane at R290 per quintal, normal variety at R280 and late variety at R275, which were same as last season,” Rahul Bhatnagar, principal secretary of cane development department, said.
Among sugar scrips, Shree Renuka Sugars (3.69%), Dhampur Sugar Mills (4.80%), Bajaj Hindusthan (10.24%), Oudh Sugar Mills (10.29%), Balrampur Chini (17.2%) and Upper Ganges Sugar & Industries (18.95%) were the major gainers.
According to a Bloomberg data, sugar harvest in India, the world’s biggest producer after Brazil, will probably climb to its highest level since 2012 after farmers increased planting and abundant monsoon rainfall boosted yields.
Production may total 26.25 million metric tonnes in the marketing year that began October 1, according to a survey of 866 farmers across six states by Geneva-based SGS SA for Bloomberg News. That’s the highest since a 26.34 million tonnes production in 2011-2012, according to Indian Sugar Mills Association data. The group forecasts output of 25 – 25.5 million tonnes this season with domestic demand of 24.7 million tonnes.
With output exceeding demand for a fifth year, India may need to subsidise exports to reduce stockpiles, potentially extending a global glut, as per the Bloomberg report.
TAGS: Sugar Mills Uttar Pradesh
More from commodities

Demand for ULIPs lags even as MFs return toequitiesONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Even as the mutual fund participation in the equity market has revived during the last six-months, the private insurance players are yet to see a recovery in the demand of unit linked insurance products (ULIPs).
For the year so far, domestic institutional investors still remain net sellers of equities worth $5 billion, although the foreign institutional investors have maintained their equity buying in 2014 with year to date stock purchases worth $15 billion. As per data from Association of Mutual Funds of India (AMFI), net equity inflow for the first ten months of the year is R39,217 crore or $6.5 billion (based on average rupee rate of 60.5 against the dollar).
One of the most popular financial products during the previous bull run, ULIPs have yet not staged a comeback after a clampdown by the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) in 2010 to curb miss-selling by distributors and high charges levied by insurance companies.
Industry experts say while for bigger bank linked insurance companies gross ULIP flows have improved in the first half of FY14-15, for private players which use an agent-based distribution network, the pace of outflow has abated.
According to Sampath Reddy, CIO, Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance, the inflow into ULIP products is far less than the outflow and for the industry as such the net inflow is yet to turn positive. “Companies that have bancassurance partners may have managed to get improved ULIP purchases but companies that rely on agent-based distribution are still seen selling traditional plans,” added Reddy.
As per to Nidhesh Jain of Espirito Santo, the gross new business premiums from ULIPs for industry leaders, ICICI Prudential Life and HDFC Life during the first half of FY15 stood at R1430 crore and R600 crore respectively. “Even the proportion of ULIPs to the overall portfolios have gone up. In case of ICICI Prudential the contribution in H1FY14 has increased to 83% from 73% in FY14,” added Jain.
However, industry observers say that if the positive bias in equity market continues, ULIPs may see improved interest in the second half of FY15 when most investors plan their tax savings.
Some of the flagship ULIP funds have outdone the benchmark gains this year also as actual equity allocations within the funds have also moved up compared to December 2013.
Bajaj Allianz equity gain fund, HDFC Life growth fund, ICICI Prudential Flexi growth fund and Eviva enhancer fund are some of the schemes that have outdone the 30-share Sensex by posting more than 40% return for year till October 31.
At the end of Sept 2014, equity allocation for funds like HDFC Life equity managed fund, Birla Sunlife Mximiser fund, SBI Life equity elite fund and Bajaj Allianz equity plus fund have gone up by 1353 basis points (bps), 645 bps, 583 bps and 474 bps compared to that at the end of December 2013.
By Devangi Gandhi
TAGS: Mutual Funds Ulip
More from indianmarkets

OMCs on slippery slope on excisehikeONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Traders dumped oil and gas stocks for the second session on Thursday, with oil marketing companies (OMCs) leading the fall after Bharat Petroleum’s (BPCL) September quarter refining margins halved and net profit declined 50%, prompting brokerages to downgrade the stock. Losses widened after the government said on Thursday that OMCs will absorb the hike in excise duty of petrol and diesel.
BPCL shares declined 4.47% on the BSE with a huge spike in volume on both exchanges as CLSA, HSBC and Quant Broking downgraded the stock citing near-term concerns over valuations. The street had earlier lapped up shares in the hope that diesel price de-regulations in the wake of decline in crude oil prices would boost margins.
Hindustan Petroleum (HPCL) slipped 6.1% and Indian Oil (IOC) lost 4.4% pushing the gauge of oil and gas stocks on BSE lower by 1.63% (177.52 points) lower. In contrast, the benchmark Sensex lost 0.24% (68.26 points) on Thursday.
“Recent stock price builds in continuation of super-normal marketing margins and ignores the risk of upcoming competition from private players… Marketing margin and volumes of OMCs will be at risk as competition from private players ramps up in the auto fuel marketing space in the coming months,” CLSA said in a research note.
The government raised excise duty on petrol as well as diesel by R1.5 per litre. Duty will now increase to R2.70 per litre on unbranded petrol and R3.85 on branded petrol. Duty on unbranded diesel will rise to R2.96 per litre, while branded diesel will attract R5.25.
“The decision to hike excise duty suggests the government is struggling to earn revenue to bridge the fiscal deficit gap and therefore the initial reaction of the street is negative. The decision on excise duty hike will nullify the expected cut in fuel prices, but marginally impact the bottom line of OMCs,” said a senior research official of a multinational brokerage on conditions of anonymity due to compliance rules.
Analysts told FE that the hike in duty will help the central exchequer earn an estimated R15,000-16,000 crore in a full financial year. This equates to about R6,000 crore in the remaining part of FY15, they said.
Shares of BPCL and other OMCs will come under pressure given the recent run-up in share prices. For instance, BPCL core refining and marketing business trades at an FY16 P/B of 1.7-1.8 times compared with past five-year average of one time.
The percentage of sell rating on BPCL shares has increased to 16.7% (seven analysts) at present compared with 9.5% in October. The number stood at 7.3% in July, 10% in August and 9.8% in September, according to a Bloomberg poll. Twenty eight analysts have a ‘buy’ rating on the stock while and seven recommend a ‘hold’.
“The current share price factors in aggressive assumptions on exemption from the subsidy burden; and faster-than-expected decline in interest burden but ignores the risk of competition in the fuel marketing business post diesel deregulation and partial implementation of export parity pricing,” said Dayanand Mittal, associate VP (research) at Ambit Capital.
TAGS: Bharat Petroleum BSE Sensex Indian Oil
More from indianmarkets

Vannamei shrimp output may stabilise after crossing 4LTGold futures price falls on global cues
Production of vannamei shrimp in India is likely to stabilise after reaching 4,00,000 tonne due to stress factors, a veteran seafood exporter said. Vannamei shrimps were introduced in India in 2009 and have expanded rapidly relative to traditional black tiger prawns. Last year, India exported nearly 1,70,000 tonne of vannamei which helped the export sector gain handsomely in most advanced markets due to the competitiveness of vannamei when compared to black tiger.
Most countries engaged in vannamei have seen production grow rapidly in the first few years and then slow down due to various factors, Anwar Hashim, MD of Abad Fisheries and former president of Seafood Exporters Association of India (SEAI) told FE.
“In India, we are also experiencing a resistance to further growth with farmers unable to get the desired size and quantity. This may be due to factors like spurious seeds, high density stocking, climatic changes or stunted growth, but resistance is visible,” he added. “Demand for vannamei is surging, with global supply cut drastically short by the disease early mortality syndrome (EMS). Some hatcheries are even exporting smaller count vannamei due to the surge in price. Spurious seeds and broods are finding market due to the demand,” a shrimp farmer from Nellore said.
Prawn Farmers Federation of India reports that by 2015, vannamei farms could be as large as 1, 50,000 ha (hectares) from the current 80,000 ha. But the federation is concerned that producers could eventually see returns declining as EMS hit countries start to recover.
Rabobank estimates Indian vannamei production to increase five-fold in the near future. It reports that India, among others, has the potential to increase shrimp production many times its current production due to its large river systems providing ideal shrimp farming conditions.
India was forced to adopt vannamei or white shrimp due to competitive reasons. Black tiger (monodon) shrimps have higher production cost and lower yield than vannamei.
According to SEAI sources, vannamei costs $2.29 per kg to produce, which is only half the production cost for the Indian species. Farmers can produce 20 tonne of small to medium vannamei per hectare, but only 2-3 tonne of large monodon per hectare.
With shrimp diseases still ravaging black tiger farms, the survival rate of shrimp in most of farms is about 40%. The price of this farmed variety is at least 15% than vannamei in the global market. Vannamei’s survival rate is close to 95-98% compared to the black tigers 40%.
Dependency on one type of shrimp is one of the challenges facing the Indian shrimp industry as vannamei slowly eats into black tiger farming. The case of Thailand which fell prey to EMS is a pointer. Production in Thailand fell from 6,40,000 tonne in 2010 to less than 2,00,000 tonne in 2013.
More from commodities

Govt mulls tweaking 80:20 norm  otherprovisionsGold futures price falls on global cues
As gold imports hit a 15-month high  in September, the government is contemplating some measures, including tweaking the so-called 80:20 rule and revisiting recent provisions to allow more entities to buy from overseas, to prevent a flare-up in precious metal purchases and contain their debilitating effect on trade balance.
Senior officials from the the Reserve Bank of India and ministries of finance and commerce huddled together on Thursday to seek ways to curb imports and promote exports of finished products, sources told FE.
“The government is considering changing the provisions to allow only those star trading houses that have vast experiences in handling gold imports to buy from abroad. Moreover, the 80:20 rule could be altered to increase the minimum export criterion,” said one of the sources.
Efforts will also be to make the raw material available to even small jewellers from the imported volume, he added.
Under the 80:20 rule, the RBI last year mandated that at least 20% of imported gold be kept aside for export after value addition, in a bid to curb supplies and contain the current account deficit.
However, partly acceding to the industry’s demand to ease supplies, the central bank in May permitted star-trading houses, even without any experience in handling gold, to import the precious metals. But bullion industry executives soon complained that such trading houses were importing gold in large volumes only to take advantage of the premium on gold supplies and are also not following a transparent mechanism to distribute the imported raw material among jewellers or other buyers, mostly neglecting the smaller ones.
Gold imports by India, the world’s second-largest consumer, hit $14.65 billion during the April-September period from a year before, down 27.4% from a year before. However, the imports in September rose 451% from a year before and those in October are expected to be even higher in absolute terms. This has reinforced fears among policymakers about its impact on the CAD, especially when export growth is far below potential.
TAGS: Current Account Deficit Gold Import Reserve Bank Of India
More from commodities

Crackdown on terror funds hits developing world© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9df378a2-66bb-11e4-91ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tell us where money from bank fines goesPenalise the banks but use the money well
Gillian Tett
One lesson from the financial crisis is that opacity has a nasty habit of breeding abuse
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a312d0d4-69b4-11e4-8f4f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Productivity and hope versus realityHope for the best on productivity, but prepare for the worst
Martin Wolf
The poor performance poses challenges to politicians, policy makers and business
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/45f29b50-69b4-11e4-8f4f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall St reined in by weak energy stocksWall St reined in by weak energy stocks
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/181cc772-6ae6-11e4-a038-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Barclays shareholders wanted forex dealBarclays shareholders wanted forex deal
David Oakley and Emma Dunkley in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/95605360-6b4b-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gorbachev is wrong about a new cold warGorbachev is wrong about a new cold war
Philip Stephens
Facts of geopolitics demand that the west continue to do business with Putin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8cee2638-68eb-11e4-af00-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Diwali shines light on creaky India logisticsDiwali shines light on creaky India logistics networks
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/67706956-640f-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Putting the FX rigging fines in perspectiveRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

PM Modi arrives in Australia for G20 summitPM Narendra Modi arrives in Australia for G20 summit; to discuss black money issue
G Sudhakar Nair     Brisbane   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 13:16 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will push for stepping up global cooperation against the key issue of cross border tax avoidance and evasion at the G20 summit starting in Brisbane on Saturday, as the government attempts to unearth black money stashed abroad.
The Prime Minister, who is the first Indian premier to visit Australia in 28 years since Rajiv Gandhi in 1986, arrived in Brisbane on a five-day trip to Australia on the second leg of his 10-day tour to three nations.
PM Modi will also undertake a bilateral visit to the Australian capital Canberra for talks with his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott on Tuesday.
Modi will also utilise the 9th G20 summit, spanning over two days, of the world's biggest developed and emerging economies, to flag the country's concerns over "jobless growth" prospects.
Ahead of the summit, the Prime Minister felt that focusing on transforming the quality of life of people and not just on issues like the health of the financial markets was necessary for creating employment-generating economic growth.
It was a bright and sunny day at Brisbane as Modi stepped out of his Special Air India plane at the international airport after an overnight flight from Myanmar capital Nay Phi Taw where he attended two back-to-back international summits and had a string of bilateral meetings.
"Reached Brisbane. It is bright and sunny outside," the 64-year-old PM tweeted.
The Prime Minister was received at the airport by the Queensland Premier Campbell Newman among others. Indian High Commissioner in Australia Biren Nanda was also present at the airport.
"A key issue for me would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money," Modi had said, as he is set to renew the country's commitment to a global response to deal with cross border tax avoidance and evasion.
The PM had also said he intends to discuss how G20 can accelerate creation of next generation infrastructure, which also includes digital infrastructure, and ensure access to clean and affordable energy.
The G20 bloc includes 19 individual countries - Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Turkey, the UK and the US - and the European Union (EU).
Collectively, the G20 economies account for around 85 per cent of the GDP, 80 per cent of world trade and two-thirds of the world population. The G20 was launched in 2008 in the US.
Jobs and growth will remain the focus of the G20 summit, despite strenuous lobbying to shift the spotlight to climate change and Ebola.
Australia, which holds the G20 presidency, re-emphasised on Friday the summit's mission when Treasurer Joe Hockey stressed the heavy burden on group members "to get real outcomes".
"We have a plan before the leaders of the world to grow the world economy, to create the jobs that are necessary, to lift people out of poverty, and we are determined to deliver that," Hockey said.
On the table is Australia's call for the G20 to collectively add at least two per cent to world growth to 2018. If successful, this could generate millions of jobs, massive infrastructure activity and cut red tape.
G20 countries have also produced 1,000 plans to support the growth target.
Modi, referring to his four-city Australia visit that covers Brisbane, Melbourne and Sydney besides Canberra, had earlier said, "While we have much in common with Australia, our political, strategic and economic relations have been below potential."
"A closer strategic partnership with Australia will support India's economic goals; promote our security interests, including maritime security; and, reinforce our efforts to foster a climate of peace and stability in our extended continental and maritime neighbourhood," he said.
Government officials said that Modi's trip will be a "landmark visit" and is aimed at "re-engaging" Australia.
Abott had a telephonic talk with the Prime Minister before his departure from the country to discuss the agenda for the multilateral meeting and he asked Modi to share, in particular, his vision for accelerating global economic growth and employment generation.
The Australian premier conveyed that he and the Australian people were keenly awaiting the visit of Modi, who appreciated his personal attention to his visit and emphasised the importance he attached to his Australia visit as a step towards qualitatively transforming a relationship that he greatly values.
Abbott also sought Modi's support for Australia's infrastructure initiatives in the G20.
On his part, PM Modi thanked his Australian counterpart for his leadership in developing a meaningful agenda for the G20 Summit and expressed confidence that it would be one of the most memorable G20 Summits, which will impart new momentum to the global economy.
(PTI)

Sonakshi Sinha wants to hang Kamaal R Khan upside down  give him 4 tight slaps; read why— KRK (@kamaalrkhan) November 13, 2014
Yes. So that’s the ‘grand survey’ KRK took upon himself to do after Kim Kardashian ‘broke the internet’ with her pictures and apparently Sonakshi Sinha was also one of the contenders of the coveted prize. But the survey didn’t go down well with the actress. She immediately tweeted:
Please RT this if u think @kamaalrkhan is a woman disrespecting waste of space and deserves to be hung upside down and given 4 tight slaps.
— Sonakshi Sinha (@sonakshisinha) November 13, 2014
And she got about 3.4K RTs on this.
KRK was gracious enough to apologize.
Dear @sonakshisinha Ji I am really sorry if you took it in disrespecting way. It’s just a survey to choose sexiest actress of Bollywood.
— KRK (@kamaalrkhan) November 13, 2014
And then gracious enough to drop Sonakshi ‘out of competition’.
As you @sonakshisinha think tat this survey is a disrespect of woman so you are disqualified n out of competition. Sorry to hurt ur feelings
— KRK (@kamaalrkhan) November 13, 2014
We can’t really say who is at the ‘wronger’ side in this story? KRK, for glorifying the ‘butt’ or us for giving undue attention to a not-so-worthy piece of news? But then, if Kim Kardashian can dare to ‘break the internet’, we also try our bit.
Having said that, Deepika Padukone, owing to the ‘Cleavage Issue’, has given a new lease of life to ‘women empoowerment’. While the actresses earlier used to ignore such petty tweets and remarks about their body parts, after what Deepika did to the leading daily, her contemporaries have now begun taking a stand and speaking out. ( Also read – Deepika Padukone angry after daily publishes story on her dress )
Not only the actresses, Shah Rukh Khan too tweeted to express his displeasure over the ‘crappy’ piece of news about his soured relations with the Bachchans. ( Also read – Let ‘Happy New Year’ be ‘nonsensical’, Shah Rukh Khan and Bachchans are still friends )
Talking of the junior Shotgun – Sonakshi, we hail the courage she showed to tweet against KRK, and praise her wits for the way she tweeted that.
As far as Kamaal R Khan is concerned, nothing can stop him from doing what he does on the twitterverse. He has now started a new survey under which he is seen to be asking the people about….errrmmm…read the tweets:
Pls RT this if you think that Alia Bhatt has small n sexiest hips.

Salman Khan sister Arpita s wedding: Top stars to dazzle HyderabadPrint
Preparations for Salman's sister Arpita Khan's wedding are in full swing at Taj Falaknuma, the luxury heritage hotel of the Taj Group located in the old city. The actor's family has booked the entire hotel for two days, Nov 18 and 19, to ensure that nobody gatecrashes the festivities.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 14, 2014 2:40 pm | Updated: November 14, 2014 3:49 pm
Top Bollywood stars will descend on Hyderabad Nov 18 as Salman Khan’s youngest sister Arpita ties the knot with her long-time fiance and businessman Ayush Sharma at a gala ceremony. (Read: Revealed, the guest list of Salman Khan’s sister’s wedding)
Preparations for the wedding are in full swing at Taj Falaknuma, the luxury heritage hotel of the Taj Group located in the old city. The actor’s family has booked the entire hotel for two days, Nov 18 and 19, to ensure that nobody gatecrashes the festivities. (Read: Shah Rukh Khan to attend Arpita’s wedding)
The popular star, who has a huge fan following in this city, has invited Prime Minister Narendra Modi for the wedding but the latter is unlikely to make it. The superstar personally met Narendra Modi a few days ago in Delhi to invite him but the prime minister expressed his inability as he will be away on a three-nation tour to Myanmar, Australia and Fiji.
The actor is also believed to have invited Congress President Sonia Gandhi, but she is also not likely to come.
Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan top the long list of invitees to the wedding. While Amitabh has not yet confirmed his participation, King Khan and his wife Gauri are likely to make it in view of their close ties with Salman’s family.
Aamir Khan, Katrina Kaif, Hrithik Roshan, Deepika Padukone, Saif Ali Khan, his wife Kareena Kapoor, Dharmendra, his wife Hema Malini, Karan Johar, David Dhawan and several other film personalities have reportedly confirmed their participation.
From Tollywood, as Telugu film industry is popularly called, actor-turned-politician Chiranjeevi, his son Ram Charan Teja, Nagarjuna, Venkatesh and their families will be among select guests.
Salman and his father Salim Khan have invited leading politicians, sportspersons and corporate honchos for the ceremony. About 300 guests are likely to attend the wedding.
Bollywood celebrities usually head to Jodhpur for marriages at the opulent palaces-turned-luxury hotels but this is the first time that a leading Bollywood family chose Hyderabad.
Top Bollywood stars visiting Hyderabad for shoots frequent Falaknuma, one of the most beautiful palaces of Nizam, the ruler of erstwhile Hyderabad State.

Salman Khan in Jodhpur for Black Buck case hearing  sister Alvira follows tooentertainment
Salman Khan in Jodhpur for Black Buck case hearing, sister Alvira follows too
Bollywood superstar Salman Khan, who has been busy with the last minute arrangements of his li'l sister Arpita's wedding and wrapping up the shoot of 'Bajrangi Bhaijaan', appeared before a local court in Jodhpur in connection with the Black Buck poaching case.  (Source: Express Photo by  Mohammed Sharif)
Salman Khan was seen in a maroon t shirt, beige jacket and jeans.  (Source: Express Photo by  Mohammed Sharif)
Salman Khan was convicted and sentenced to one year and five-year prison term in separate cases of poaching of two Chinkaras at Bhawad and one black buck at Ghoda Farm (Mathania) on the intervening night of September 26-27, 1998 and September 28-29, 1998 respectively. Seen here arriving in the court. (Source: Express Photo by Mohammed Sharif)
Besides Salman Khan, actors Saif Ali Khan, Sonali Bendre, Tabu and Neelam were accused of poaching near Jodhpur during the shooting of the film 'Hum Saath Saath Hain'.  (Source: Express Photo by Mohammed Sharif)
Salman Khan's sister Alvira was also seen at the court to support her brother.  (Source: Express Photo by Mohammed Sharif)
Alvira has some points to discuss with lawyer. (Source: Express Photo by Mohammed Sharif)
Related

After Snapdeal  Ratan Tata invests in Urban LadderAfter Snapdeal, Ratan Tata invests in Urban Ladder
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 16:45 IST
Tata Sons Chairman Emeritus Ratan Tata (Photo: Reuters)
Ratan Tata, Tata Group Chairman Emeritus, has made a personal investment in online furniture company Urban Ladder, months after investing in e-commerce firm Snapdeal .
The latest investment comes four months after Urban Ladder raised 'Series B funding' from Steadview Capital and existing investors SAIF Partners and Kalaari Capital.
Urban Ladder said Tata's inputs and guidance will be very valuable for the company, but did not disclose the amount and other details about this investment.
Launched in July 2012, Urban Ladder was co-founded by Ashish Goel and Rajiv Srivatsa. It offers over 1,000 products across 25 categories in furniture such as wardrobes, beds, sofas, dining tables and coffee tables.
" Tata understands the furniture space very well, specially our focus on product design since he has a lot of knowledge of the subject. His inputs and guidance will be very valuable for us," Urban Ladder CEO and Co-founder Ashish Goel said.
The firm aims to be the biggest furniture seller in India in the next 18 months.

Did not think Govinda would agree to do  Happy Ending   says directorBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 14, 2014 6:01 pm
When director duo Raj Nidimoru and Krishna DK decided to experiment with the genre of romantic comedy, Govinda was their first choice but they were not sure the ’90s actor would agree to play a reel superstar in the Saif Ali Khan starrer.
The trailer of the film, which is Raj and DK’s take on romantic comedies, has Govinda saying some of the funniest dialogues and Raj says the actor loved the situational humour in the movie.
“He was the first choice for this role. I had 20 per cent hope that he will do the film because we did not know him and our style of films is completely different from his films. I thought he would reject the role.
But he saw the humour 10 minutes into the narration. He said ‘This is so funny! I have not done anything like this ever before’ and he was onboard,” Raj told PTI.
The director said it was a joy to work with Govinda.
“It took a day to get going but from second day onwards, he started enjoying it. He liked the way film is structured a a lot. There is a lot of satire in the movie. It is a kind of observational comedy about how things are. How a star would tell the writer to copy two Hollywood films for a Hindi blockbuster.”
Produced by Saif and Dinesh Vijan, the film also stars Ileana D’cruz, Kalki Koechlin and Ranvir Shorey, the film releases on November 21.

Supreme Court outs Srinivasan  3 others under probe in Indian Premier League fixing scandalThe Indian cricket board’s president-in-exile N Srinivasan, IPL chief operating officer Sundar Raman and IPL team officials Gurunath Meiyappan and Raj Kundra have been indicted for “misdemeanour” in the 2013 spot-fixing scandal, the Supreme Court revealed Friday.
 
Disclosing the names of those being investigated by the Justice Mudgal committee for the first time, the court also hinted at the involvement of certain Indian and international cricketers, but said their names “should be left out for now”.
 
The Mudgal committee is probing betting and spot-fixing allegations against 13 individuals. It had submitted its final report to the court in sealed cover last week.
In an immediate fallout, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) postponed its November 20 annual general meeting — during which Srinivasan was expected to contest elections for the president’s post — by another four weeks.
related stories
“There are certain findings (in the Mudgal report) against individuals that may be understood to be indicting some persons with regard to whom investigations were conducted,” a special bench headed by justice TS Thakur observed in its order.
 
“The report does suggest some misdemeanour. What we are thinking is that the findings are in relation to players and other actors in the drama. As far as the players are concerned, we will disallow making public the findings in the interest of the game. We will disallow that part of the report,” it said.
But it said it would “identity non-players in the report” and went on to name the four officials — and, inadvertently, three players, mistaking them for non-players. When the bench realised its error, it said the identity of the players should not be made public at this stage.
The court has given Srinivasan, his son-in-law and Chennai Super Kings official Meiyappan, Rajasthan Royal co-owner Kundra and Sundar Raman four days to respond. It has ordered that copies of the report be made available to them, to the BCCI and to Aditya Verma of the Cricket Association of Bihar, whose petition seeking Srinivasan’s removal as BCCI chief was being heard.
It will take the matter up next on November 24.
The Supreme Court had on May 16 formally asked the Mudgal committee to probe the 13 people named in its preliminary report. The panel had at that stage felt the allegations against them were unsubstantiated.

Saradha-accused MP Kunal Ghosh attempts suicide in jailComments
Rajya Sabha MP Kunal Ghosh, an accused in the multi-crore Saradha scam, took 26 sleeping pills in an alleged suicide bid inside the Kolkata jail where he has been locked up for the past year.
Kunal Ghosh, the CEO of the erstwhile media houses run by Saradha Group, had threatened suicide in front of a judge on Monday unless the influential people named in the scam were not arrested within 72 hours. (PTI Photo)
Ghosh, who was the CEO of Saradha’s media wing at the time the Ponzi scheme at the company unravelled, was rushed to hospital where doctors said his condition was stable.
The one-time close confidant of West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee had threatened this week to end his life if the CBI failed to take action against others involved in the scam.
Jail authorities filed an FIR against Ghosh as attempted suicide is a criminal offence.
"According to a complaint lodged by jail authorities, a case has been registered against Kunal Ghosh u/s section 309 of IPC," said Rajeev Mishra, joint commissioner (headquarters) of Kolkata Police.
A hospital official said Ghosh told doctors in the emergency department that he had consumed 26 pills.
“A six-member medical board has been formed to treat him. He is stable now. The team will decide when to discharge him,” said Pradip Mitra, director of the Institute of Post Graduate Medical Education and Research. “The contents of his stomach have been sent for forensic test.”
Prison officials failed to explain how the suspended Trinamool Congress leader managed to procure the sedatives despite being lodged in a high-security cell at the Presidency jail with two guards keeping watch.
“He was extremely depressed even during the last hearing (on Monday). We informed the court too. It is surprising how sedatives find their way inside the jail,” said Ghosh's lawyer, Soumyajit Raha.
Three letters were found in Ghosh's jail cell, sources said. One was addressed to the Chief Justice of India, another to the chief justice of the Calcutta High Court and the third to Saradha investors.
The chief minister suspended the jail superintendent as well as the doctor and nurse on duty while the state government set up a committee to probe the incident.
The incident triggered a torrent of questions from opposition leaders who said there could be a conspiracy to eliminate Ghosh by the real architects of the scam.
“If Kunal dies who will benefit? They will be senior Trinamool Congress leaders against whom he has been spilling the beans for a long time. People will take this incident as a conspiracy,” said senior state Congress leader Abdul Mannan.
The Saradha scam has turned into a major embarrassment for Trinamool chief Banerjee who has been accused by opposition parties of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
The scam was caused by the collapse of an investment operation from the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private firms that was running many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
The group folded up in April last year, resulting in the loss of hundreds of crores to thousands of investors — largely from rural areas with little access to banking facilities.
During a court hearing in September, Ghosh said he was being unjustly kept behind bars while bigger beneficiaries of the scam were inaugurating community Durga Puja ceremonies.
Early on Friday, a guard deployed outside Ghosh’s cell saw the MP unconscious and informed jail officials. The local police were called and Ghosh was taken to hospital.

Currency  wage & tech edge drive auto part exports to ChinaMercedes Benz inaugurates Chandigarh's largest dealership
A depreciating rupee, competitive wages and technology upgrades by local manufacturers could see India’s auto components exports to China pick up meaningfully in the next few years. While exports rose 49% in FY14 to $314 million, this came off a very low base; exports had contracted 9% in FY13. But imports from China have been coming off, rising just 4% in FY14.
While total exports of auto parts from India trebled from $3.5 billion in FY07 to $10 billion in FY14 with global OEMs looking to source more parts from India, China has been a relatively small buyer. However, that is changing with auto firms like Great Wall Motors and FAW now buying parts like pistons and catalytic converters from India.
Meanwhile, even domestic players like Mahindra & Mahindra, Ashok Leyland and Tata Motors are sourcing castings and glass items locally than from China. Hemant Sikka, chief purchase officer (automotive & farm equipment), M&M, confirmed there was a shift.
“This is due to a strengthening renminbi and a depreciating rupee, and the rising cost of manufacturing in China due to higher wage inflation than in India,” Sikka said, adding that Indian suppliers have controlled their costs and made quality improvements in their supplies over the last few years.
Abhimanyu Saraf, director at the R2,000-crore Vikas Group, which has nine auto component subsidiaries, told FE that India’s edge is in forgings and products that are dependent on local design inputs. “We export engine parts like catalytic converters and connecting rods to China, and the export value has already grown to R20 crore this year from R5 crore last year. Next year we are targeting R50 crore,” he said.
Added Sunil Arora, MD at Abilities India Pistons & Rings, “We started exporting to global players in China about six to seven years back when they noticed that though the prices were lower from local vendors, the quality was inconsistent. We are growing 10-15% now with R10 crore worth of exports to China out of a total of R35 crore.”
India’s auto components industry had been making strong inroads into the European and US markets for some years now, but several new factors have now helped the industry make a strong break into China. Between January 2012 and today, the renminbi has strengthened versus the dollar by almost 3%, while the cost of power in both countries is now largely the same — even though India still has problems of irregular supply.
“The labour cost in China is three times more expensive, and even though they are twice as productive, the balance is still in favour of India. Also, India’s disadvantage in terms of higher steel prices is now reduced. With China unable to subsidise coking coal (an input required to convert iron into steel), India’s steel is just 15% more expensive than 24% two years back,” said Vinnie Mehta, director general of the Automotive Component Manufacturers Association of India (ACMA). To improve Chinese market penetration, ACMA is taking a delegation of Indian suppliers to China next month for interactions with the local industry.
Timothy P Hanley, global leader for manufacturing at Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, told FE that the time is just right for India, with many multinationals and private equity firms paying attention to the strong competitiveness of local players. “In China, the wages have doubled in the last five years. This has great potential for India with a labour force that will remain the youngest for the next few decades. The administration needs to deliver now,” he said.
TAGS: Mahindra & Mahindra Tata Motors
More from automobiles

Delhi electricity tariff hike rolled back in political power playFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
In the real world, rarely would economics take precedence over political expediency. The Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) on Friday withdrew the up to 7% power tariff hike announced a day earlier, attributing the roll-back unconvincingly to the requirement of “some more inputs on price of fuel” from the generation companies supplying power to the capital, reports fe Bureau in New Delhi.
Analysts slammed the DERC’s volte face and warned such moves could impinge on the autonomy of the regulator, which is supposed to take rational, market-friendly decisions. Although the regulator said the withdrawal of the tariff hike was not due to pressure from political parties, few bought this as it came after criticism of the move by all political parties including the BJP, which is in power at the Centre.
The chief electoral plank of the Aam Aadmi Party, the BJP’s key opponent in the February assembly polls in Delhi, is to bring down the price of power and water in the city. Earlier this year, AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal, then chief minister of Delhi, had announced a 50% cut in tariff on power consumption up to 400 units. The subsidy to power consumers was expected to put the government back by R200 crore for the period between January and March 2014.
Explaining the withdrawal of power purchase adjustment cost (PPAC) surcharge, DERC said that it was withdrawing the earlier order as a number of power generation and transmission companies that supply electricity to the city had failed to provide the full information on fuel cost. “Further examination of additional cost of gencos (generating companies) is required. The commission has asked for more information on fuel cost from the gencos and discoms,” DERC chairman PD Sudhakar said.
Sudhakar also said that the commission had passed a provisional tariff earlier and withdrew the same after realising that it did not have complete information on the power producers and a final decision will be arrived at after complete analysis.
The PPAC approved by the commission allowed Reliance Power-promoted BSES Yamuna Power and BSES Rajdhani Power to hike tariff by 7% and 4.5%, respectively. For the Tata Power-promoted Tata Power Delhi Distribution, the tariff was hiked by 2.5%.
The increase in tariff was based on the revised PPAC formula approved by the commission in July that takes into account the variation in transmission charges and arrears payable to generation and transmission companies.
TAGS: DERC
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Google gears up for Great Online Shopping Fe...executive
(GOSF, to be held from December…)
NEW DELHI: Google has roped in 300 offline and online retailers and consumer companies for its Great Online Shopping Festival that is expected to reach 100 million consumers this year, riding on the frenzy of online shopping in recent weeks.
The Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF), to be held from December 10-12, is expected to see participation of various consumer durable, FMCG and e-commerce firms in India.
The organisers will also run a twoweek run-up campaign by reserving each day for a single company to partner in a day-long offers and contests for consumers, said top executives of some ecommerce companies participating in the event.
Google and various e-commerce partners plan heavy-duty online advertising while consumer brands will do offline campaigns such as hoarding and other outdoor activities, said a senior executive of an e-commerce company.
"On that days they are trying to get more exclusive launches. They are talking to companies like Samsung , Philips and Motorola to launch products during these days," the person said.
Nitin Bawankule , director for ecommerce at Google India , declined to comment.
In a season of mega online sales, Google's third edition of GOSF is expected to create a bigger hype than the last two years as it plans to line up products ranging from FMCG, consumer durables and fashion lifestyle segments to arts and collectibles, travel packages and even two-wheelers, according to sources quoted earlier.
This year, the organisers will also introduce digital walls in various cities where consumers can order through their smartphones by scanning the QR codes of the products, they said.
A top executive of an e-commerce firm said GOSF will also introduce a special segment called "Rs299 corner" where branded products priced between Rs600-1500 will be sold at Rs299. The products will be delivered free of charge and there will be cash-on-delivery option to woo first-time online consumers.
The person also said that in the 14 days between November 27 and December 9, a lucky winner everyday will get to shop for free among a host of select items.
Google started GOSF in 2012. Last year it got almost 16 million hits on all partner sites despite technical glitches in the first day, and almost 40% of the traffic came from Tier 2 and 3 cities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google  Skytruth  And Oceana Partner To Monitor Global Fishingreddit
Each day, hundreds of thousands of fishing vessels cruise the world's oceans in search of seafood. Fishing with bottom trawls, longlines, gillnets, and harpoons, they search the farthest reaches of the ocean to bring back the seafood that we enjoy and many depend on. The vast scale of the global fishing fleet has always been an obstacle to sustainable fisheries management. How do you monitor hundreds of thousands of boats spread over 71 percent of the globe? By harnessing the power of satellite data through a new platform called Global Fishing Watch .
Developed by Google, Skytruth, and Oceana, Global Fishing Watch will ultimately give citizens in countries around the world a simple, online platform to visualize, track, and share information about ocean fishing activity. The prototype was recently demonstrated at the 2014 IUCN World Parks Congress in Sydney, Australia. Oceana is now leading the effort to secure the funding to provide this freely to the public worldwide.
The platform works because it utilizes pre-existing data. It analyzes data points from the Automatic Identification System (AIS) network, which is similar to a GPS broadcast of a ship's location. This system was primarily designed as a safety mechanism to avoid collisions at sea, but these data can also be used to gather information about the vessel's fishing behavior by analyzing the identity, speed, and direction of broadcasting vessels.
We believe that knowing when, where, and how boats are fishing is an essential step to help countries better manage the world's fisheries, many of which are drastically overfished. Nearly one-third of assessed marine fish stocks worldwide have been overfished, and 90 percent were either fully fished or overfished in 2011, according to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization.
Better data empowers governments, fishery managers, citizens, and members of the fishing industry to work together to rebuild overfished fisheries and restore biodiversity to our oceans. We hope that citizens will use this tool to hold their elected officials accountable for managing fisheries sustainably and for enforcing fishing rules. And fishermen, whose livelihoods depend on healthy fisheries, can show that they are doing their part to sustainably manage our ocean's resources.
Global Fishing Watch could also be used to monitor illegal, unregulated, and unreported (IUU) fishing. IUU fishing is increasing rapidly around the globe, especially when the chance for fast profit outweighs the long-term benefits of responsible management. Activities like fishing in restricted areas, ignoring quotas, catching prohibited species or failing to accurately report catches account for an estimated 11 to 26 million tons of fish caught each year and $10 to $23 billion in economic losses for countries and local communities.
We believe that Global Fishing Watch provides an unprecedented view of human interaction with the ocean. By monitoring global fishing activity and identifying IUU fishing, we hope that countries can better manage sustainable fisheries that protect and enhance the livelihoods of the hundreds of millions of people who depend on the oceans for food and income.
More:

Modified direct benefit scheme from Nov 15Modified direct benefit scheme from Nov 15
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, November 14:  
A modified Direct Benefit Transfer of LPG (DBTL) will be launched for 54 districts from November 15 and by January 2015 in rest of the country.
As part of the changes, Aadhaar number is no longer mandatory for getting the cash subsidy. The Government has now proposed that having a bank account is enough, a Ministry for Petroleum & Natural Gas release said. In the first phase, the scheme will cover 54 districts in 11 States with 2.33 crore households.
After November 15, consumers of 54 districts spread across States – Andhra Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Punjab, Goa, and Telangana – and Puducherry as well as Daman and Diu, will be given a three-month grace period under which they will continue to receive cylinders at a subsidised rate.
After the end of the grace period they will have to get a bank account and join the scheme within three months or the ‘Parking Period’.
“During the ‘Parking Period’ they will have to buy cylinders at market rate. If the consumer joins the scheme within the ‘Parking Period’ the subsidy as per entitlement and consumption during the ‘Parking Period’ will be transferred to his/her bank account,” the statement said.
People who join the scheme will also be given a ‘permanent advance’ wherein they will get an advance subsidy as soon as they make the first booking of the cylinder. The advance will be given directly in the bank account and will be given prior to the delivery.
“This advance ensures that LPG customers have extra cash to pay for their first LPG cylinder at a market price. The permanent advance shall be notified for the consumers now joining the scheme separately,” an official statement said.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

SBI to launch dynamic rating to curb bad loansSBI to launch ‘dynamic rating’ to curb bad loans
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, November 14:  
To nip bad loans in the bud, State Bank of India (SBI) has ushered in “dynamic rating” so that events affecting a corporate or the segment in which it is operating in are taken into account. This will help it to adjust loan pricing and risk appetite accordingly.
This is in sharp contrast to the bank’s internal rating model, whereby rating of a corporate is done once a year or if any loan proposal comes during the course of the year.
“Now what we are saying is that if there is any trigger/ event whatsoever (and we have identified a number triggers) that impacts the company or sector, then the ratings will get checked immediately.
“This is to see whether there is a fall in the rating or not and accordingly we will be able to adjust not only our pricing but our appetite for doing whatever we need to do in that account,” said Arundhati Bhattacharya, Chairman, SBI.
Security operations centre
The SBI chief said that her bank has operationalised its security operations centre (SOC).
“Basically, this centre is equipped to handle 60,000 equipment. Currently, it is handling about 30,000 equipment. What it does is it actually looks for any kind of attempt (hacking) on our systems and handles up to 5 lakh events per second.
“With this, we believe our systems have become much more robust. We are going to look at systems of not only our bank but also the entire group,” said Bhattacharya.
SBI is also deploying pass book printers, which can be operated by the customers themselves. By the end of the year, 2500 of these printers will be deployed, said Bhattacharya.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

Michelin plans development and research centre in IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Michelin plans development and research centre in India
R Srinivasan
Jean Dominique Sennard, CEO, Groupe Michelin
Keen to tap talent pool; focus will remain on truck tyres
Chengdu, November 14:  
French tyre maker Groupe Michelin will soon set up a team in India to research and develop truck tyres for the Asia market, Groupe Michelin CEO Jean Dominique Sennard said here.
Michelin has a manufacturing presence in India with a plant in Tamil Nadu, which makes only truck tyres.
'Make in India' initiative
He was responding to a query on whether Michelin will respond to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make in India' initiative and convert Michelin into a global manufacturing hub for the mobility giant, one of only two tyremakers in the world manufacturing the entire range from bicycle to spacecraft tyres.
While manufacturing activity in India is unlikely to be scaled up to a global production centre anytime soon, Sennard said their India presence was “just beginning” and that Michelin hoped to grow its presence in India soon.
On the ‘Make in India’ initiative, Sennard said that the revolution that the new government is planning is huge but it is possible.
He said that for Michelin to scale its work in India, “we need to have infrastructure in the country. If there is no environment in terms of infrastructure, it makes our work difficult.”
Technical skills
However, Sennard praised the technical skills available in India, and pointed out that the renowned Indian scientist RA Mashelkar was one of the members of Michelin's Group Innovation Board.
He indicated that India's talent pool was one of the reasons for locating the development team in India.
The team is likely to be built up at Michelin's development centre in Gurgaon.
Michelin executives said that the focus will remain on truck tyres in India, where the tyremaker sees “huge” scope in converting the largely conventional-technology, cross-ply truck tyre market into a radial tyre market.
Michelin invented the radial tyre in 1946 and remains one of the biggest players in the tyre industry, with an annual output of 171 million tyres and 2013 sales of over €20 billion.
He was addressing the press at the Michelin Challenge Bibendum, a bi-annual meet of players in the automotive and mobility sectors, policy makers and researchers on the theme of sustainable mobility.
The writer is in Chengdu on the invitation of French tyre maker Groupe Michelin.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

FinMin notifies liberalised depository schemeFinMin notifies liberalised depository scheme
Our Bureau
Move will help unlisted firms raise funds abroad
New Delhi, November 14:  
The Finance Ministry has notified a liberalised Depository Receipts Scheme, which will help unlisted companies to mobilise money abroad and private equity holders to encash their holdings.
The scheme will come into effect from December 15. However, there is no clarity on the tax treatment.
A depository receipt refers to foreign currency denominated instrument backed by permitted securities such as equity, debt paper or mutual fund units as against current provision of equity only. These can be listed at international exchanges or remain unlisted. These receipts can be issued in 34 countries including US, UK, Germany, France, Australia, Japan, and Italy beside others. Receipts could be sponsored or unsponsored. Unsponsored depository receipts are instruments issued without specific approval of the issuer of the underlying securities.
The notification says that any listed or unlisted company in public or private sector, any other issuer of permissible securities and any person holding such securities will be eligible to transfer securities to a foreign depository. These will be deposited with a domestic custodian. These securities will also include those issued to people outside India.
The foreign depositories will issue receipts abroad either through public offering or private placement. However, companies or individuals, who have been debarred from accessing capital market, will not be allowed to be part of new scheme, the notification says.
Holder of the permissible securities can transfer them to a foreign depository with or without the issuers’ approval.
Such transfers will be permissible through transaction on a stock exchange, bilateral transactions or by tendering through a public platform.
Aggregate of securities issued or transferred to foreign depository will be counted as a part of foreign investment limit for a particular sector to which the concerned company belongs. It has also been said that price of securities issued to foreign depository will not be less than prices for domestic investors.
It also allows the foreign depository voting rights, if they are available with securities. If shares are being used as underlying asset of a depository receipts have voting rights and if receipts are traded on international exchange, then these will be counted as part of public shareholding.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

WTO: Advantage India as peace clause to be fully re-writtenUS agrees to India’s demand to make it perpetual and unambiguous
New Delhi, November 14:  
The US agreeing to a full re-write of the controversial peace clause broke the impasse over the food security issue, paving the way for progress on the trade facilitation front at the World Trade Organisation (WTO).
A senior government official told BusinessLine that the US has agreed to India’s demand of making the peace clause perpetual, unambiguous, and enforceable so as to give adequate protection to a country against legal challenge in case its farm subsidies breach existing caps.
“The agreement reached with the US is that the entire peace clause of the Bali Agreement (of December 2013) will be re-worded,” said the official. The WTO Director-General has been kept posted about the talks between India and US on the issue.
The peace clause is a provision that gives immunity to a country against legal action by another member in case it (the former) breaches the agriculture subsidy cap fixed at 10 per cent of production, till a permanent solution to calculating subsidies is found.
The Bali Agreement had kept it open ended and was later interpreted by the WTO as a protection that would lapse in 2017.
“With the peace clause now being made permanent, we have a better chance of getting an acceptable permanent solution,” the official said.
Permanent solution
WTO members will be working on a permanent solution and target it much earlier than 2017, the official added.
The WTO General Council, which will ratify the changes, is likely to meet on November 28-29, earlier than the scheduled December 11-12.
“We want to get the changes implemented as soon as possible,” the official said.
WTO Director-General Roberto Azevedo, in his address at the on-going G-20 Summit in Brisbane, also said that an agreement is likely to be in place in the next two weeks, following which negotiations in other areas of the Bali package can move forward.
India, as part of the G-33 group, has given three options for a permanent solution: food procurement subsidies should either be dropped from the list of trade-distorting subsidies, calculated on a more recent base year (as opposed to existing base year of 1986-88) or indexed to inflation.
The conditions attached to the use of the peace clause, including establishing that food procurement programmes being protected do not distort world trade and submission of numerous documents, will not be dropped.
“We believe that we can meet the condition of submitting documents by coordinating better with other Ministries and Departments,” the official said.
According to some trade experts, the fact that India has to establish that its food procurement programmes (once the caps are breached) are not distorting trade when challenged by another country, could prove to be a problem.
“Nobody will have a strong case against us on the ground of trade distortion. It has been observed that international prices have remained stable most of the times when we export foodgrain,” the official said.
WTO talks have been in limbo since July when India refused to support a pact on trade facilitation till its concerns on food security were addressed. On Thursday, India and the US reached an agreement on the issues of food security and trade facilitation.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

SpiceJet trims Q2 net loss to 310 crSpiceJet trims Q2 net loss to 310 cr
Ashwini Phadnis
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov. 14:  
SpiceJet has reported a loss of Rs 310.4 crore in the second quarter, which is 45 per cent less than the Rs 559.5 crore loss that it reported during the same quarter in the previous year.
Explaining the results, the airline in a statement said that there was a positive impact of the year-on-year improvement in exchange rate and fuel prices which were Rs 29 crore. The statement adds that total revenues were up 15 per cent while expenses were down 2 per cent during the second quarter. The statement further adds that the second quarter of this year did not have the benefit of recently introduced reduction in prices of aviation turbine fuel that came into effect in October and November 2014.
The airline claims that the results clearly indicate that its market stimulation efforts are driving not just higher loads, but higher unit revenue also.
``Our continued focus on ancillary revenues are showing substantial results with an Increase of 31per cent year on year. As a result, SpiceJet’s revenue increased 15 per cent year-over-year, well ahead of capacity increase of 7 per cent,” the statement adds.
A comment from the Management states that the latest results clearly demonstrate the positive impact of the airline’s strategy, which is focused on maximising asset and capacity utilisation thereby maximising revenues and absorbing fixed costs at a faster rate. The airline’s Management believes that there is still further significant potential for both improving revenues and reducing costs. The improved performance further demonstrates that the turnaround effort, which is still work-in-progress, has gained momentum during the quarter, the statement says.
While welcoming the reduction in ATF prices which account for 40-45 per cent of the operating costs of a domestic airline, SpiceJet has also called for looking at reducing the airport costs within the country.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related
NEWS

Telecom Dept to levy varying rates for different spectrumTelecom Dept to levy varying rates for different spectrum
Our Bureau
1% of revenue for 2300 MHz, 5% for other bands; RJio stand vindicated
New Delhi, November 14:  
Putting to rest the uncertainty over collecting spectrum usage charge, the Department of Telecom has decided to allow telecom companies with broadband spectrum (2300 MHz band) to pay 1 per cent of their annual revenues as spectrum charges. Operators using other spectrum bands, including 900 MHz and 1800 MHz, will have to pay a 5 per cent charge.
For example, Reliance Jio, which has spectrum in the 2300 and the 1800 MHz bands, will be able to pay 1 per cent and 5 per cent of the revenues it earns respectively from offering services using these two frequency bands.
Although both these frequency bands are now suitable for broadband services using 4G technologies, the DoT has agreed to collect different charges because in 2010 when spectrum in the 2300 MHz was auctioned, bidders were told that they will have to pay a fee of only 1 per cent.
Affordable services
This was done because the Government wanted the winning bidders to offer affordable broadband services. But technological advancements have enabled operators to now offer broadband services on other spectrum bands, including the 1800 MHz and 900 MHz, for which the Government has decided to collect 5 per cent charge. Therefore, the big question before the DoT was whether revenue earned from different spectrum bands can be separated or not.
A technical committee of the Department of Telecom had earlier said that an audit mechanism must be set up to ensure 4G operators such as Reliance Jio correctly segregate revenues earned from broadband spectrum and other frequency bands. The DoT panel was worried that a player may load up higher revenues on the 2300 MHz band to take advantage of the lower spectrum usage charge.
Reliance Jio had, however, said it had a fool proof mechanism to separate revenues. Taking a middle path, another wing of the DoT had proposed a weighted average model. Under this formula, Reliance Jio would have had to pay close to 2 per cent of its annual revenues.
But the final order, which the DoT has prepared, keeps the original formula allowing broadband players to pay a lower fee for the spectrum they won in 2010.
The DoT has put the onus of revenue separation on the operators. “The operator will have to put in place a system of independently monitoring and verifying the revenue earned from broadband frequencies to prevent revenue misrepresentation,” states the DoT order seen by BusinessLine.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

IPL-6 scam: Apex court names N Srinivasan  3 others in Mudgal probeSays identity of players will not be made public now; BCCI elections put on hold
New Delhi, Nov. 14:  
The Supreme Court on Friday named ICC Chairman and BCCI president-in-exile N Srinivasan, his son-in-law Gurunath Meiyappan, Rajasthan Royals owner Raj Kundra and cricket administrator Sundar Raman as having been probed by the Justice Mudgal committee which had found “some misdemeanour by certain persons” and indicted them in the IPL-6 scam.
Reading out from the report, a Bench headed by Justice TS Thakur disclosed these names but said the identity of the players should not be made public at this stage.
“They should be left out for now.” It also ordered supplying the relevant portions of the report to the four named so that they can file their objections within four days of the receipt of the report.
“Certain findings recorded by the Committee are understood to have indicted some individuals against whose conduct investigation has been conducted. The report also deals with the conduct of the players which are for the present held back,” the Bench said.“We have seen the report and the report did suggest some misdemeanour by certain persons. The report is in relation to players and to other actors in the drama.”
While reading out the names in the open court out, the Bench inadvertently disclosed the identity of three players.
But realising that they were cricketers, the Bench said that their names should not come out at this stage.
In the meantime, the BCCI said that it has decided to postpone the scheduled November 20 annual general meeting of the Board in view of pendency of this case by four weeks.
Elections postponed
The submission of the BCCI came as the Bench observed that “unless we address the issue raised in Mudgal report, we cannot say anything on the point or the question of holding election which was due in September and now we are in November.”
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

Modi arrives in Australia; to highlight black money issue at G20 summitModi arrives in Australia; to highlight black money issue at G20 summit
PTI
Tweet
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being welcomed by Australia's Attorney-General George Brandis at the Brisbane G20 Terminal, in this November 14, 2014 handout picture. Leaders of the top 20 industrialised nations will gather in Brisbane on November 15-16 for their annual G20 summit. Photo: Reuters
Brisbane, Nov 14:  
As India attempts to unearth black money stashed abroad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will push for stepping up global cooperation against the key issue of cross border tax avoidance and evasion at the G20 summit starting here tomorrow.
Modi, who is the first Indian Prime Minister to visit Australia in 28 years since Rajiv Gandhi in 1986, arrived here on a five-day trip to Australia on the second leg of his 10-day three-nation tour.
He will also undertake a bilateral visit to the Australian capital Canberra for talks with Premier Tony Abbott on Tuesday.
Concerns over 'jobless growth' prospects
The Prime Minister will also utilise the two-day 9th G20 summit of the world’s biggest developed and emerging economies, to flag India’s concerns over “jobless growth” prospects.
Ahead of the summit, Modi felt that focusing on transforming the quality of life of people and not just on issues like the health of the financial markets was necessary for creating employment-generating economic growth.
It was a bright and sunny day at Brisbane as Modi stepped out of his Special Air India plane at the international airport after an overnight flight from Myanmar capital Nay Phi Taw where he attended two back-to-back international summits and had a string of bilateral meetings.
“Reached Brisbane. It is bright and sunny outside,” Modi tweeted.
Modi was received at the airport by the Queensland Premier Campbell Newman among others. Indian High Commissioner in Australia Biren Nanda was also present.
“A key issue for me would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money,” Modi had said, as he is set to renew the country’s commitment to a global response to deal with cross border tax avoidance and evasion.
Next gen infrastructure
Modi had also said he intends to discuss how G20 can accelerate the creation of next generation infrastructure, which also includes digital infrastructure and ensure access to clean and affordable energy.
The G20 includes 19 individual countries — Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Turkey, the UK and the US — and the European Union (EU).
Collectively, the G20 economies account for around 85 per cent of the GDP, 80 per cent of world trade and two-thirds of the world population. The G20 was launched in 2008 in the US.
Focus of G20 summit
Jobs and growth will remain the focus of the G20 summit, despite strenuous lobbying to shift the spotlight to climate change and Ebola.
Australia, which holds the G20 presidency, today re-emphasised the summit’s mission when Treasurer Joe Hockey stressed upon the heavy burden on group members “to get real outcomes''.
“We have a plan before the leaders of the world to grow the world economy, to create the jobs that are necessary, to lift people out of poverty, and we are determined to deliver that,” he said.
Modi, referring to his four-city Australia visit that covers Brisbane, Melbourne and Sydney, besides Canberra, had earlier said, “While we have much in common with Australia, our political, strategic and economic relations have been below potential.”
“A closer strategic partnership with Australia will support India’s economic goals, promote our security interests, including maritime security, and, reinforce our efforts to foster a climate of peace and stability in our extended continental and maritime neighbourhood,” he said.
Indian officials said that the Prime Minister’s trip will be a “landmark visit” and is aimed at “re-engaging” Australia.
Agenda for G20 summit
Prime Minister Abbott had a telephonic talk with Modi before his departure from India to discuss the agenda for the multilateral meeting and he asked the Indian leader to share, in particular, his vision for accelerating global economic growth and employment generation.
Abbott conveyed that he and the Australian people were keenly awaiting the visit of Modi, who appreciated his personal attention to his visit and emphasised the importance he attached to his Australia visit as a step towards qualitatively transforming a relationship that he greatly values.
Abbott also sought Modi’s support for Australia’s infrastructure initiatives in the G20.
On his part, Modi thanked Abbott for his leadership in developing a meaningful agenda for the G20 summit and expressed confidence that it would be one of the most memorable G20 summits, which will impart new momentum to the global economy.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

Wholesale inflation eases to five-year low in October  but RBI unlikely to cut ratesWholesale inflation eases to five-year low in October, but RBI unlikely to cut rates
Shishir Sinha
Third piece of good news for the economy this week
New Delhi, Nov 14:  
Wholesale inflation dipped to a five-year low in October, bringing more cheer to the economy, but economists do not expect it to result in a rate cut when the Reserve Bank of India reviews its monetary policy on December 2.
The annual rate of inflation, based on the monthly Wholesale Price Index (WPI), stood at 1.77 per cent for October against 2.38 per cent in September and 7.24 per cent during the same month last year. The rate of inflation implies the rate of price increase, a lower rate means that price increase was moderate.
This is the third positive data in the past couple of days. On Wednesday, factory output registered a growth of 2.5 per cent in September, against 0.4 in August. Retail inflation rate too hit a new low of 5.52 per cent in October on the back softening food prices. .
The WPI is lower due to the continuing fall in food prices, including vegetables, and fuel.
Food inflation, which has been on a decline since May, fell to a nearly two-and-half year low of 2.7 per cent. In the case of vegetables, the price contraction was 19.61 per cent, while for protein-rich items such as egg, meat and fish, it was 2.58 per cent in October. For manufactured products such as sugar, edible oils, beverages and cement, inflation fell to 2.43 per cent against 2.84 per cent. The August WPI inflation was revised upwards to 3.85 per cent from 3.74 per cent earlier. Inflation in the fuel and power segment that includes LPG, petrol and diesel declined to 0.43 per cent, compared to a rise of 1.33 per cent in September.
Economists’ view
Rohini Malkani, economist with Citi group, said the normalisation in inflation has been faster than growth. “We maintain our view that the RBI is likely to cut repo rates by 100 bps (100 basis points or 1 per cent) cumulatively by end of FY16 (75 bps by end 2015), to maintain at least 100 bps real rate over its CPI target,” she said.
Aditi Nayar, senior economist, ICRA, said the decline in the WPI was led by falling global commodity prices, a favourable base effect and diesel regulation, and was not indicative of a sharp correction in domestic demand conditions. “Notwithstanding the sharper-than-expected fall in the WPI in October 2014, we expect the RBI to remain on hold in the next two policy meetings,” she said.
Chandrajeet Banerjee, Director General, CII, said going forward the deceleration in global commodity prices as also the Government’s commitment to keep inflation under check would help rein in inflationary expectations and reduce the upside risks.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

US trade groups applaud breakthrough achieved on WTO agreementUS trade groups applaud breakthrough achieved on WTO agreement
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Nov 14:  
Describing the agreement between India and the US to resolve the contentious food security issue at the WTO as “breakthrough”, top American trade and business groups have applauded both the countries saying that the new development would boost global trade and economic growth.
“Businesses worldwide applaud the news that the US and India have overcome obstacles blocking the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), and the broader Bali Package. This impasse had threatened the WTO’s standing as a credible forum for trade negotiations,” said US Chamber of Commerce President and CEO Thomas J Donohue.
The TFA, he said, holds great promise, particularly given disappointing economic growth in many parts of the globe.
“Streamlining the passage of goods across borders by cutting red tape and bureaucracy could boost the world economy by as much as $1 trillion with most benefits going to developing countries,” he added.
India yesterday achieved a major victory with the US agreeing to its proposal on food security issues at WTO.
Under the agreement, the US will support India’s proposal at the WTO that the ‘peace clause’, crucial for uninterrupted implementation of India’s food security programme should continue indefinitely till a permanent solution is found.
“The US-India breakthrough on implementation of the World Trade Organisation Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) will boost global trade and economic growth,” said Information Technology Industry Council (ITI) President and CEO, Dean Garfield, as he and other groups applauded breakthroughs reached this week between India and the US.
“This will generate significant benefits for the tech industry, a sector heavily reliant on the free flow of parts and products across borders. The tech industry commends US Trade Representative Michael Forman and his team for their tireless work to advance this important multilateral initiative,” Garfield said.
In a statement, the US-India Business Council (USIBC) applauded the cooperation between India and the US that establishes a continued dialogue for the World Trade Organisation’s implementation of TFA.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

Trinamool leader Kunal Ghosh attempts suicide in prisonTrinamool leader Kunal Ghosh attempts suicide in prison
Our Bureau
Rajya Sabha MP is among the prime accused in the multi-crore Saradha scam
Kolkata, Nov 14:  
Suspended Trinamool Congress MP Kunal Ghosh, one of the prime accused in the multi-crore Saradha scam, was alleged to have attempted suicide by consuming sleeping pills in the wee hours of Friday.
Ghosh, a Rajya Sabha MP, is in judicial custody since November 2013 for various cases linked to the money collection scam. He was the CEO of Saradha’s media business.
According to police sources, at around 2 am today a prison guard at the Presidency Correctional Home in south Kolkata saw the MP gasping. He had reportedly consumed 20-35 sleeping pills and was shifted to the state-run SSKM Hospital.
According to the sources, his condition is currently stable.
The incident evoked a sharp response as, earlier this week, Ghosh had threatened to commit suicide if the investigating agencies did not arrest the “main culprits”.
According to Murlidhar Sharma, DC (South), Kolkata police, the jail authorities have filed an FIR against Ghosh for an alleged attempt to commit suicide. Attempt to commit suicide is chargeable under section 309 of the Indian Penal Code.
Meanwhile, the Superintendent of the Presidency Correctional Home, a jail doctor and the on-duty staff were suspended in connection with the alleged suicide attempt.
The West Bengal Government has also constituted a committee headed by Home Secretary Basudeb Banerjee to probe the incident.
CBI ‘concerned’
According to a PTI report, the special crime branch of the CBI, which had arrested Ghosh on November 23 last year, has said it will write to the jail authorities asking where Ghosh was lodged and how he got access to medicines while in judicial custody.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

Stop mass sterilisation camps  say pro-health womens groupsStop mass sterilisation camps, say pro-health women’s groups
Our Bureau
Demand action for medical negligence
Mumbai, November 14:  
Stop the “camp method” of sterilisation, a coalition of pro-health networks and women’s groups have said, as more details emerge from Chhattisgarh where 11 women died, allegedly due to medical negligence.
The quality of care is seriously compromised in mass sterilisation programmes, the groups said in a combined letter. “The deaths and morbidities are a result of a botched-up sterilisation operation camp organised by a private hospital under the National Family Planning Programme in Takhatpur Block of Bilaspur district on November 8. Horrifically, during this camp, 83 women were subject to surgeries in a short span of 5-6 hours,” the note said, adding that it was a gross violation of the reproductive and health rights of the women.
Further, the note points out that the surgeries were conducted in complete violation of Supreme Court orders (Ramakant Rai Vs Govt. of India, 2005 and Devika Biswas Vs Govt. of India, 2012). These orders instruct that a maximum of 30 operations can be conducted in a day with two separate laparoscopes, only in Government facilities. Also, one doctor cannot do more than 10 sterilisations in a day. Wrong policies and practices of Governments with regard to family planning services also play a role in the present day situation, they said.
“Such ‘camps’ keep getting routinely organised everywhere in an irresponsible manner. Health providers in India confess that they are under pressure to fulfil unwritten target. The state still focuses on permanent methods of family planning rather than temporary methods. In addition, the two-child norm significantly contributes to the pressures for sterilisation. All this despite the Government of India’s promises of ‘Repositioning Family Planning’ – to move away from permanent methods to spacing methods, to increasing access to safe and effective contraceptives,” the note said.
In fact, at the London Summit on Family Planning (2012), India had committed to additionally providing 48 million women and girls with access to contraceptives by 2020. “However, around 1 in 5 women of reproductive age do not have access to contraception such as condoms and OC pills,” the note said.
Fix responsibility
The group further called for the Government to fix responsibility in terms of criminal negligence. Women, adolescents and men need to be provided with safe choices for contraception and emphasis should be placed on male sterilisation, which involves lesser health risks.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

Britannia Industries  Q2 net zooms to Rs 253 crHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Britannia Industries' Q2 net zooms to Rs 253 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore Nov 14:  
Britannia Industries Ltd reported a 164 per cent increase in standalone net profits for the September quarter at Rs 253.04 crore, boosted by one time earnings from sale of land and buildings.
Excluding the one time earnings, the biscuit major's net profits for the quarter grew 35 per cent over corresponding last quarter's Rs 95.68 crore. 
Sales income for the quarter grew 13 per cent to Rs 1801.23 crore over corresponding last quarter's 1594.45 crore.
On a consolidated basis, the net profits for the quarter grew almost three fold to Rs 270 crore against corresponding last quarter's Rs 98 crore. Consolidated income for the quarter stood at Rs 1974.51 crore against corresponding last quarter's Rs 1755.75 crore.
"We continue to drive consumer off-take and focus on cost efficiencies. This has resulted in the second quarter consolidated revenue growth of 12 per cent and 43 per cent increase in profit from operations on an equalised basis. Our innovation journey has now begun with the launch of NutriChoice Heavens and we will continue to launch new products in the coming months," said Varun Berry, Managing Director, Britannia Industries Ltd in a statement. 
Profits from operations for the quarter was up 31.1 per cent at Rs 180 crore against corresponding last quarter's Rs 138 crore. The tax expense grew more than double to Rs 96.40 crore against Rs 45.11 crore in the corresponding previous quarter. 
Britannia shares ended 1.71 per cent up at Rs 1625.15 crore on the BSE ahead of the earnings announcement on Friday.
(This article was published on November 14, 2014)
Related

Ayodhya issue is dead   temple exists : SP s Azam Khan tells BJPTrinamool MP stokes controversy with derogatory comments against Lal Bahadur Shastri's grandson
Hitting out at Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), UP minister Azam Khan today said the Ayodhya issue was “almost dead” as a “temple already exists there” and alleged that the saffron party wanted to keep it alive to vitiate the atmosphere.
“After martyrdom of Babri mosque on December 6 there is a proper temple. There is a temple there. Now what do they want to construct as a temple already exists there. Only to spread hatred they want to keep alive an issue which is almost dead after demolition of the mosque. They want to vitiate the atmosphere and spread maximum hatred,” Azam alleged.
The Samajwadi Party leader, who has often stoked controversy with his outbursts against BJP leaders, was reacting to Uttar Pradesh Governor Ram Naik’s statement that Ayodhya issue will be resolved within five years as Prime Minister Narendra Modi is working out a plan to sort it out peacefully.
“Governor’s post is above all this because it is considered that he is not a political person and does not belong to any community,” Azam added.
During his Ayodhya visit on last Tuesday, Naik had said, “Prime Minister Narendra Modi is preparing a plan to work out a peaceful solution for the Ayodhya dispute and it would be solved once and for all within the next five years,” Naik had said.
Azam also demanded dismissal of BJP governments in Chhattisgarh, where 13 women died after botched sterilisation surgery, and Rajastan, where a woman was publicly tortured and abused.
He also said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi should not have continued with his foreign tour after the Bilaspur tragedy.
“What happened in Chhattisgarh is collapse of the government. In Rajasthan, gruesome atrocities were committed against a woman. Though I use these words rarely, but both the governments must be dismissed. After two such big incidents Prime Minister must have not gone on foreign tour, he should returned home,” he said.
On allegations that BJP leaders were being framed in false cases in Uttar Pradesh, Azam retorted, “They indulge in ‘goondagardi’ (hooliganism), create anarchy and divide the society, then what else can be done other than lodging cases.”
Azam, who is embroiled in a bitter spat with Gorakhpur MP Yogi Adityanath, fired a fresh salvo, saying the BJP leader was yet to grow up “physically and mentally”.
He alleged that the saffron party was trying to “repeat” Gujarat in Uttar Pradesh.
“Case has not been lodged against him (Aditynath) so far because when police go to arrest him, he starts crying. He cries in jail and when released, he cries in Parliament.
“To save the country from ‘tear pollution’ created by this, he has not been arrested so far,” Azam said.
TAGS: Ayodhya Azam Khan Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Uttar Pradesh
More from miscellaneous

Javadekar wields Swachh Bharat  weapon  against Rahul GandhiTrinamool MP stokes controversy with derogatory comments against Lal Bahadur Shastri's grandson
Hitting out at Rahul Gandhi over his comments against Swachh Bharat campaign, Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar today said Prime Minister Narendra Modi intended to make the mission a weapon of change.
“We have to change the habits and mindset of people. When the country is clean, the mind also is clean. This is also a sort of beginning of the fight against corruption. One can do nothing if Rahul Gandhi does not understand this,” Javadekar told reporters here.
“The Prime Minister is making Swacch Bharat campaign a weapon for change in the country. The contours of that change is completely ready. We have to clean the air, water, save energy and water and also ensure proper solid waste management and sewage treatment,” he said.
Speaking at an event to mark 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru yesterday, Gandhi took a dig at Modi over the “Swachchta Abhiyan” saying “photo opportunities” are galore.
“These days, the foundation of love and brotherhood is being demolished. On the one hand houses are being painted and roads are being cleaned. Photo opportunities are happening.
“Snaps are being taken. On the other hand, poison is being spread. The very foundations are being weakened,” Gandhi had said during his speech.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Narendra Modi Prakash Javadekar Rahul Gandhi Swachh Bharat
More from miscellaneous

Modi in Oz: Kashmir missing from India mapTrinamool MP stokes controversy with derogatory comments against Lal Bahadur Shastri's grandson
Queensland University of Technology (QUT) tonight apologised for displaying a distorted map of India during an event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi here.
The Indian map, which was displayed during the event had Pakistan-occupied-Kashmir, which India lays claim to and is part of the official Indian map, missing, prompting a strong protest by Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh.
Asserting that the Government takes the issue of distortion of maps of India “seriously”, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, “India’s Foreign Secretary raised the issue strongly and received an unqualified apology.”
He also said that the scientists and the staff at the QTU apparently did not realise the cartographic error.
Within hours after his arrival following an overnight flight from Myanmar, Modi headed for the QUT for the first engagement of his five-day Australia visit, the first by an Indian Prime Minister in 28 years after Rajiv Gandhi.
TAGS: G20 Summit Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous

Come to Modi: BJP to Kashmir separatistsTrinamool MP stokes controversy with derogatory comments against Lal Bahadur Shastri's grandson
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) today appealed to the separatists in Jammu and Kashmir to join the political mainstream and approach Prime Minister Narendra Modi instead of knocking at the doors of Pakistani PM.
“Instead of approaching Pakistani Prime Minister or Pakistan High Commissioner, it is better to join (political) mainstream. Come to Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi, the doors are always open,” Ram Madhav, national spokesman of BJP, told reporters in Jammu today.
“We will not join hands with separatists, but having said it, we appeal to all sections of people to leave separatists path and join political mainstream. Come forward, doors are open for you,” Madhav said.
“The BJP would welcome anyone who is ready to join Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his mission of development of Jammu and Kashmir. The only condition is that they have to stand against the dynasty rule,” Madhav said.
He, however, parried queries on the issue of Article 370.
“BJP will address the issue in its manifesto, and the manifesto will be according to our ideology. We will discuss it later,” Madhav said.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Jammu And Kashmir Kashmir Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous

Kunal Ghosh suicide attempt: BJP sees conspiracyTrinamool MP stokes controversy with derogatory comments against Lal Bahadur Shastri's grandson
Expressing suspicion that the alleged suicide attempt by suspended Trinamool Congress MP Kunal Ghosh was a ‘political conspiracy’ to suppress evidence in the Saradha ponzi scam, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) national secretary Siddharth Nath Singh today demanded a CBI probe into the incident.
“Since Kunal Ghosh is a prime witness of the scam, it is the imperative for Bengal police to be more alert and monitor him 24/7.
“The jail authority’s approach therefore raises further questions – whether it was a suicide attempt or a political conspiracy to suppress evidence? Also it is important to know how the sleeping drugs were slipped into his room ?” Singh said in a statement.
CBI should investigate the suicide attempt and ensure a safer custody of the prime accused in Saradha scam, he said.
Kunal Ghosh had allegedly tried to commit suicide by consuming sleeping pills in the early hours in Presidency correctional home where he is lodged.
Singh said many people suspected a political motive behind Ghosh’s arrest last year after he began exposing several senior leaders of Trinamool Congress for their alleged involvement in the scam.
Referring to Ghosh claiming that his life was in danger in the custody of Bengal police and his threat to commit suicide, he said, “CBI being independent will follow their own line of investigation. However, what is alarming is that Bengal police and the jail authorities allowed Kunal Ghosh to commit suicide inside the jail after he had already made his intention clear.”
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Kunal Ghosh Saradha Scam Trinamool Congress
More from miscellaneous

BSE Sensex hits new high as WPI falls to 5-yr low  good earningsONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Stock markets today surged to new highs with benchmark Sensex rising over 106 points to close at 28,046.66 after WPI inflation cooling to a 5-year low in October strengthened hopes of a rate cut while good earnings from bluechips like SBI boosted the sentiment.
Besides, robust buying by overseas investors and tumbling crude oil prices supported the strong momentum in stocks.
The 50-scrip NSE Nifty index spurted by 32.05 points, or 0.38 per cent, to close at new high of 8,389.90, surpassing previous record closing of 8,383.30 hit on November 12.
The 30-share BSE Sensex opened on a strong footing and continued its upward march to reclaim the key 28,000 mark to hit the day’s high of 28,093.23 as buying picked up.
After some profit-booking at record levels, the barometer settled at 28,046.66 at a fresh record closing level, clocking net gain of 106.02 points or 0.38 per cent over last close.
Thus, the Sensex bettered its previous closing peak of 28,008.90 reached on November 12. Indices have been hitting new highs after the government announced a slew of reform measures to boost economy amid positive economic data.
Driven by softening prices of fuel and food items, the WPI inflation cooled to a five year low of 1.77 per cent in October raising hopes of rate cut by the Reserve Bank next month to boost economic growth.
State-run State Bank of India posted 30.5 per cent growth in net profit at Rs 3,100.41 crore for the quarter ended September 30, pushing its shares up by 2.55 per cent.
In metal pack, Hindalco surged 3.59 per cent.
“WPI for October is one of the lowest in recent years… focus would again shift to global markets, progress on reforms and RBI monetary policy,” said Sanjeev Zarbade, Vice President- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Other gainers that lifted indices to new highs included CIL, GAIL, Bajaj Auto, HDFC Bank, Hero MotoCorp, Infosys, TCS, ICICI Bank and RIL. Overall, 21 of 30 Sensex stocks closed up.
A firming trend at the other Asian markets and a mixed opening in Europe too influenced sentiments, brokers said.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 690.61 crore yesterday.
Sectorwise, BSE Metal index rose the most by 2.53 per cent, followed by Realty 2.35 per cent, Oil&Gas 1.06 per cent, Banking 0.72 per cent and Auto 0.62 per cent among others. In line with bullish sentiment, midcap index and smallcap, both indices ended 0.52 per cent higher.
 
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Cipla shares fall almost 3% post Q2 resultsONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Shares of drug major Cipla fell almost three per cent today after the company’s September quarter results came in below market expectations.
Cipla’s scrip lost 2.93 per cent to Rs 605.85 at the BSE. At the NSE, it was down 2.67 per cent to Rs 606.95. “Cipla posted results for Q2 FY15 below expectations on all fronts,” said Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP Research – Pharma, Angel Broking.
Cipla had yesterday reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 298.68 crore for the quarter ended September on account of robust sales in domestic market.
The company had posted a net profit of Rs 358.06 crore during the same period of previous fiscal.
Net sales of the company stood at Rs 2,629.81 crore for the second quarter, while the same stood at Rs 2,483.47 crore during the same period of previous fiscal, Cipla had said in a filing to the BSE.
The company had said results for the quarter are not comparable to the previous fiscal due to Mabpharm becoming a subsidiary of the company in July.
It had said that its domestic sales during the second quarter grew by 20.5 per cent to Rs 1,251 crore, up from Rs 1,039 crore during the same period of previous fiscal.
TAGS: Cipla
More from indianmarkets

DLF shares gain nearly 3% on higher Q2 net profitONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Shares of realty firm DLF rose nearly three per cent today after the company reported nine per cent increase in consolidated net profit for the second quarter of this fiscal.
The scrip of the country’s largest realty firm gained 2.95 per cent to Rs 143 on the BSE.
On the NSE, it rose 2.61 per cent to Rs 143.
DLF had yesterday reported nine per cent increase in its consolidated net profit at Rs 109.06 crore for the second quarter of this fiscal on account of higher sales and lower expenses.
Its net profit stood at Rs 100.05 crore in the year-ago period.
Income from operations rose three per cent to Rs 2,013.15 crore during July-September quarter from Rs 1,956.09 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year, DLF had said in a filing to the BSE.
However, total income fell to Rs 2,135.59 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 from Rs 2,224.61 crore in the year-ago period.
TAGS: Dlf
More from indianmarkets

Reliance Communications Q2 net profit down 77 pct to Rs 153 crInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
Anil Ambani-led Telecom operator Reliance Communications today reported 77 per cent decline in consolidated net profit to Rs 153 crore for second quarter ended September, mainly on account of a significantly high ‘other income’ in the year-ago period.
Reliance Communications had reported net profit of Rs 675 crore in the same period of the last fiscal. That included one-time ‘arrangement’ of Rs 441 crore for provisional business restructuring.
Net profit during July-September period of the 2014-15 fiscal was, however, up by about 16 per cent on quarterly basis. The company had posted net profit of Rs 132 crore in the April-June period.
“This was a seasonally weak quarter but we had a satisfactory performance. Our PAT (profit after tax) was up by about 16 per cent on sequential quarter basis on account of reduction in finance cost and net debt,” Reliance Communications CEO Gurdeep Singh said.
The company’s net debt during the September quarter reduced to Rs 36,334 crore, from Rs 40,223 crore in the June quarter of the current fiscal.
In second quarter of 2013-14, RCom had reassessed the requirement of maintaining balance of Rs 441 crore of provision for business restructuring created pursuant to the schemes of amalgamation approved by High Court in financial year 2006-07.
The amount was credited to other income, Singh said.
The total income of the company decline by about a per cent to Rs 5,287 crore in the second quarter of 2014-15, compared to Rs 5,361 crore in the year-ago period.
The income also declined on the same level on a quarter- on-quarter basis. In April-June period, RCom posted total income of Rs 5,354 crore.
RCom reported 75 per cent increase in data traffic year- on-year basis with average data used per customer at 752 MB. The company said it has 29.7 million using mobile Internet out of 15.1 million are its 3G service subscribers.
“We are having highest EBIDTA margin of 33.8 per cent in the industry and it has been improving on sequential quarter basis. We generated operational cash flow of Rs 1,827 crore in the second quarter and paid net finance charges of Rs 670 crore during the period. It remains free cash flow (FCF) positive and this is expected to continue,” Singh said.
The minutes of usage of its services declined by 1 per cent on quarterly basis at 102.1 billion. However, RCom’s revenue per minute was up by 1.4 per cent on Q-o-Q basis at 44.4 paisa and average revenue per user was up marginally at Rs 137.
The company invested Rs 302 crore on capex during the second quarter.
The Reliance Communications share price closed at Rs 102.9, up 0.1 per cent, on the BSE.
TAGS: Anil Ambani Reliance Communications
More from companies

Britannia Q2 profit zooms to Rs 270.46 croreInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
Bakery and dairy products maker Britannia Industries today reported two-fold increase in its consolidated net profit at Rs 270.46 crore for the second quarter ended on September 30, on account of cost efficiencies and increased off-take.
The company had posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 97.64 crore in July-September period of previous fiscal, Britannia Industries said in a filing to the BSE.
Total income from operations rose to Rs 1,974.51 crore during the quarter, up 12.45 per cent against Rs 1,755.75 crore in the same period of previous fiscal.
Britannia Industries Managing Director Varun Berry said: “We continue to drive consumer off-take and focus on cost efficiencies. This has resulted in second quarter consolidated revenue growth of 12 per cent with 43 per cent increase in profit from operations on an equalised basis.”
On the outlook of the company, he said: “We will continue to launch new products in the coming months.”
For the first half of 2014-15, Britannia Industries’ consolidated net profit also doubled to Rs 384.12 crore as against Rs 187.13 crore in the same period last year.
Britannia Industries’ total income during the six-month period increased by 13.73 per cent to Rs 3,761.50 crore, as against Rs 3,307.26 crore in the same period previous fiscal.
Shares of Britannia Industries today closed at Rs 1625.15 per scrip on BSE, up 1.71 per cent from their previous close.
TAGS: Britannia
More from companies

Clamour for RBI rate cut gets louder after fall in inflationInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
With the wholesale price inflation touching a five year low of 1.77 per cent in October, clamour for a rate cut by the RBI intensified as India Inc said it was essential to stimulate demand and perk up investments.
“This provides sufficient room to the RBI to review its prolonged pause in policy rates and move towards policy easing in its forthcoming monetary policy especially as investment and consumption demand are yet to show visible signs of a pick-up,” CII Director General Chandrajit Banerjee said.
The sharp drop in WPI inflation, which fell for the fifth month in a row, came at the back of retail inflation declining to a record low of 5.52 per cent in October.
“The inflationary expectations are fairly tamed and we see no immediate upside risks with regard to prices. Given that, it is important to reiterate that demand remains subdued. The consumer durables segment reported negative growth for the fourth consecutive month in September 2014. It is extremely imperative that all levers are used to pep up demand,” Ficci Secretary General A Didar Singh said.
“The government is committed towards achieving fiscal consolidation and this along with alleviated inflation creates room for a more accommodative stance from the central bank in terms of rate reduction in the policy to be announced next month,” he added.
The Reserve Bank which maintained status quo in interest rate since January, will come out with the monetary policy review on December 2.
The RBI factors in retail inflation while formulating its monetary policy.
“Now that wholesale inflation has been tamed, the Government must see such a phenomenal development gets translated into prices paid by consumers. Besides the relevant policy concern must be to see more investments take place in capacity building activities thereby creating a better supply response,” Assocham secretary General D S Rawat said.
TAGS: Inflation Reserve Bank Of India
More from companies

G20 biz leaders demand bold reform agenda for global growthFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Echoing Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s views that improving the health of financial markets alone cannot fuel growth, G20 business leaders today said vigorous efforts should be made to go beyond fiscal and monetary policy to kickstart world economy and create jobs.
The B20 leaders, who met on the sidelines of the summit of leaders of the Group of 20 leading and developing economies here, called on them to commit to a bold reform agenda and ambitious individual country growth strategies.
A statement from B20, a grouping of business leaders of G20 members, said the group’s Chairman Richard Goyder would be asking the G20 of which India is a member to make commitments in five key policy areas â€“- finance, human capital, infrastructure, trade and transparency to drive growth and employment outcomes.
“Since the onset of the financial crisis, governments have tackled low growth with fiscal and monetary policy,” Goyder said. “But this level of spending is clearly not sustainable and is not inspiring the commercial and consumer confidence needed to kickstart the global economy.”
Welcoming the G20 finance ministers’ decision earlier this year to set a growth target of two per cent above expectations over the next five years, the B20 group said sustainable growth will require business investment driven by more than just confidence.
“The enabling environment for business must be improved to stimulate investment, enhance productivity and increase economic activity and growth,” it said.
Modi while sharing his concerns on “jobless growth” prospects felt that focusing on transforming the quality of life of people, not just on issues like the health of the financial markets, was necessary for creating employment-generating economic growth.
The Prime Minister had expressed this view when the G20 summit host and his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott had telephoned him ahead of the summit to know his views.
Abbott had invited Modi to share, in particular, his vision for accelerating global economic growth and employment generation, based on his personal experiences of reforms and growth at the state-level and his plans for India.
Abbott had also sought Modi’s support for Australia’s infrastructure initiatives in the G20.
The OECD’s latest Economic Outlook found that the global economy is still stuck in low gear but it is expected to accelerate gradually if countries implement growth supportive policies.
The report found that reforms to tax, trade, labour and product markets will benefit domestic investment and global trade, and support greater employment and consumption around the world.
The B20 said it has made 20 mutually reinforcing recommendations to the G20, which if implemented, would increase investment and global trade, and support greater employment and consumption around the world.
“We have laid a blueprint for business to work with governments to combat corruption and improve transparency, major barriers to growth, which will promote greater integrity in commerce,” the B20 statement said.
Robert Milliner, B20 Sherpa, said he expected progress to be made when the group chiefs meet with G20 leaders, particularly on the infrastructure agenda, but more work needed to be done on labour market reform and to stimulate trade.
“We are encouraged by proposals to establish a Global Infrastructure Hub. Our research shows that establishing a Hub would support an additional USD 2 trillion in infrastructure capacity, add USD 600 billion to global GDP and support 10 million additional jobs by 2030,” Milliner said.
Milliner said productive infrastructure investment is the key to sustainable increases in economic growth because it creates permanent direct employment and enhances productivity for the commercial enterprises that use it.
TAGS: G20 Summit Narendra Modi
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Narendra Modi s call for UN International Day of Yoga gets overwhelming responseFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
In an overwhelming response to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s call for commemorating an International Day of Yoga, about 130 countries have joined as co-sponsors to an India-led UN General Assembly resolution recognising yoga’s benefits.
The draft resolution for an ‘International Day of Yoga’ was prepared by India and informal consultations were convened last month by the Indian mission in the UN General Assembly where views on the topic were expressed by other delegations.
The draft resolution, known as the ‘L Document,’ was finalsed with 130 countries co-sponsoring it, an all-time record for a resolution of such kind.
The draft resolution, expected to come up for adoption in the General Assembly on December 10, would recognise that “yoga provides a holistic approach to health and well-being,” echoing Modi’s remarks in his maiden address to the 193-member body in September.
Modi had asked world leaders to adopt an International Yoga Day, saying that by changing lifestyle and creating consciousness, it can help us deal with climate change.
“Yoga embodies unity of mind and body; thought and action; restraint and fulfillment; harmony between man and nature; a holistic approach to health and well being,” he had said.
The resolution would also proclaim June 21 as the ‘International Day of Yoga’.
It would recognise that wider dissemination of information about the benefits of practising yoga would be beneficial for the health of the world population and invite all member and observer states, organizations of the United Nations system and other international and regional bodies to observe the International Day in order to raise awareness of the benefits of practising yoga.
It would also note the importance of individuals and populations making healthier choices and following lifestyle patterns that foster good health.
The resolution would underscore that global health is a long-term development objective that requires closer international cooperation through the exchange of best practices aimed at building better individual lifestyles devoid of excesses of all kinds.
Significantly, overwhelming support for the Modi’s initiative is reflected in theÂ various key nations that have come on board to co-sponsor the resolution including the five permanent members of the Security Council China, France, Russia, UK and the United States.
Several Asian, European and Latin American countries and nearly 60 per cent of African nations are also co-sponsors including Afghanistan, Algeria, Angola, Argentina, Australia, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brazil, Canada, Central African Republic, Colombia, Cuba, Egypt, Finland, Germany, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Japan, Kenya, Mexico, Myanmar, Nepal, New Zealand, South Korea, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Syria, Thailand, the UAE, and Vietnam.
Noting that Yoga is “an invaluable gift of our ancient tradition,” Modi had said in the UN General Assembly that yoga is not about exercise “but to discover the sense of oneness with yourself, the world and the nature.”
Yoga is the 5,000-year-old Indian physical, mental and spiritual practice that aim to transform body and mind.
“By changing our lifestyle and creating consciousness, it can help us deal with climate change,” he had said.
TAGS: Narendra Modi
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Himachal Pradesh targets Rs 2 500 cr worth investment proposals  single-window meeting soonFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Himachal Pradesh is all set to get investment proposals of whopping Rs 2,500 cr  from half a dozen industrial giants in the textile, distilleries, pharmaceutical and automobile sectors before end of the year .
The response, which is quite an initial, is result of Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh and his high level team’s visit to Mumbai, Bangalore and Ahmedabad last week to woo industrial investors and hardsell state’s potential as an acknowledged  investment destination in the north India.
The proposals include Rs 550 cr expansion of existing unit of Vardhman Textiles group, Rs 350 crore from M/s Indorama textile, Rs 300 cr from M/s Macleods Pharmaceutical, Rs 300 cr from Torrent group and Rs 150 crore from Rock-Star distilleries. There is also a proposal M/s L-R distilleries to invest Rs 250 crores .
Industries Minister Mukesh Agnihotri, who was a co-host with Chief Minister, during the one-on-one interactions with leading industrial investors said, “I propose to write personal letters to 100 investors, who  participated in the investment meets at three place. I am asking them to sent their proposals fast. The industries department will clear new proposals in seven days and revenue department will also grant necessary approvals in 15 days time”.
Apart from investments in the industrial sectors, the investors showed keen interest in agro-processing, tourism, infrastructure projects like ropeways and hotels, education and few unexplored sectors like handicrafts based industry.
The investors like TATA group had discussions on projects ranging from setting-up of IT park to solar energy project and aerial ropeways like one Palchan to Rohtang, beside Bijli Mahadeo. The tourism department had already invited expression of interests for six projects and all investors including TATA has been told to submit their projects to the tourism department separately.
“When next meeting of the HP state single window  clearance authority (headed by Chief Minister) is convened, we have a target to approve new investments worth Rs 2500 crores”, said Agnihotri.
Another mega investment conclave is proposed for Delhi –where Himachal Pradesh will position itself as major stakeholder in country’s ‘Make-in-India’ drive. The state will  ask the industralists manufacturing their products in Himachal to write ‘ Made in Himachal’.
Industries Minister said “biggest advantage which Himachal Pradesh enjoys is its surplus power. Our power tariff  is lowest and power will be provided 24X7 with zero cut. More than 1000 MW of additional power will be added to existing availability from hydro-projects  and rates will further come down. There will be a five-year traffic freeze too”.
Himachal Pradesh till now been lacking in woo automobile bigwiz but after this months investment meets TVs group has agreed to upscale its manufacturing unit facility to roll-out its Himachal-make bikes.
Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh, in the next phase, is expected to travel to Hyderabad and Ludhiana (Punjab) to lure industrialists. “Till now, no one figured out small hill state’s potential in the industrial sector. After Chief Minister’s visit, Himachal Pradesh will also be a player for new investments in the country”, says Agnihotri.
By Ashwani Sharma
TAGS: Himachal Pradesh
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Editorial: Emission GoalsFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
After a stand-off between the US and China thwarted any comprehensive global agreement on climate change and greenhouse-gas emission reduction at the UNFCCC conference at Copenhagen four years ago, a new emission management deal reached between the two countries on Wednesday should be reason for cheer. However, there are quite a few challenges that could prove daunting for the two nations.
For one, the US’s commitments under the agreement are staggering and could end up being a drag on its nascent recovery from the 2008 financial crisis. The US has to cut CO2 and other greenhouse gases’ emissions by at least 26% of the 2005 levels. This would mean significantly reducing its dependence on coal. While the ongoing shale revolution in the country could offset some of the dependence on coal with a lesser burden on the environment, the Obama administration has to fend off stiff opposition from the Republicans, who oppose the US committing to any reduction goal. This would prove difficult given the Republican resurgence after the recently concluded Senate elections. The Economist points out that slowing growth in China would ensure that the emission goal it has committed to—the country has agreed to reaching peak emission by 2030—is met anyway, meaning the country may not have committed to anything significant. Be that as it may, China’s other goal seems a herculean task at the moment. The country promises to draw 20% of its energy from zero-emission sources by 2030, but that would mean, as per Sam Roggeveen, an energy expert cited in Time, that nearly 800-1,000 gigawatts of nuclear, wind, solar and other zero-emission capacities need to be deployed by that year—totaling more than all the coal-fired plants in China today. Quite a tall order, given the country is expected to experience slowing growth.
TAGS: Greenhouse Gas Emission
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Drinking coffee can keep diabetes at bay: StudyCircumcision advised for teenage boys
Drinking up to four cups of coffee a day can slash the risk of diabetes by 25 per cent, a new study has claimed.
To mark World Diabetes Day today, the Institute for Scientific Information on Coffee (ISIC) in Switzerland has published its annual diabetes report outlining the latest research on coffee and type 2 diabetes.
The research concludes that regular, moderate consumption of coffee may decrease an individual’s risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
Epidemiological evidence shows that drinking three to four cups of coffee per day is associated with an approximate 25 per cent lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes, compared to consuming none to less than two cups per day.
The research also suggested an inverse (ie favourable) association, with each additional cup of coffee reducing the relative risk of developing type 2 diabetes by 7-8 per cent.
The study indicates that caffeine is unlikely to be responsible for this effect.
A recent meta-analysis suggested that consumption of both caffeinated and decaffeinated coffee is associated with a lower risk of type 2 diabetes.
Recent work suggests that the type of coffee may also affect the strength of the inverse (ie favourable) association, with filtered coffee exhibiting a greater protective effect than boiled coffee, and decaffeinated coffee exhibiting a greater protective effect than caffeinated coffee.
More than 380 million people worldwide have diabetes, with an economic burden of USD 548 billion, making it one of the most significant global health problems, the institute said.
TAGS: Coffee
More from health
Key protein may contribute to wound healing, tumour growth A key protein may allow for a new way to use the immune system to speed healing and counter inflammatory...

European Space Agency releases 1st picture from cometTrinamool MP stokes controversy with derogatory comments against Lal Bahadur Shastri's grandson
The European Space Agency published the first image taken from the surface of a comet, and said that its Philae lander is still “stable” despite a failure to latch on properly to the rocky terrain.
The lander scored a historic first yesterday, when it touched down on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko after a decade-long journey through space on its mother ship Rosetta.
Scientists’ jubilation was slightly dampened because the harpoons which were meant to anchor the lander to the surface failed to deploy, causing it to bounce twice before it came to rest on the comet’s body, or nucleus.
“Philae is stable, sitting on the nucleus and is producing data,” Gerhard Schwehm, a scientist on the Rosetta mission, told The Associated Press. “The lander is very healthy.” The photos sent back to Earth show a rocky surface, with one of the lander’s three feet in the corner of the frame.
Scientists are still analysing what effect the two bounces had on the spacecraft and plan to release further details at a news briefing at 2 PM (1830 IST).
Schwehm said it may still be possible to fire the harpoons, but that this would be done only if it doesn’t imperil the lander.
A key question is whether Philae’s drill can be used to extract samples from beneath the surface without pushing the lander into space. Gravity on the comet is 1/100,000th that of Earth, meaning the washing machine-sized lander weighs just 1 gram (0.04 ounces) there.
Philae and Rosetta will use 21 instruments to analyze the comet over the coming months. Scientists hope the â‚¬1.3 billion project ($1.62 billion) will help them better understand comets and other celestial objects, as well as possibly answer questions about the origins of life on Earth.
TAGS: Comet European Space Agency Philae
More from miscellaneous

Comet lander ends up in cliff shadow: European Space AgencyJay Z celebrates 45th birthday in Iceland with Beyonce
A shadow was cast – literally – across Europe’s historic mission to land on and explore a comet. Scientists said Thursday the landing craft not only bounced twice, it also came to rest next to a cliff that’s blocking sunlight from its solar panels.
The good news is that the lander Philae is stable and in good health: Its scientific instruments have already begun gathering reams of data to send back to Earth, including the first pictures taken from the surface of a comet.
The bad news is that its useful lifetime may now be much shorter.
With just a day or two left before the lander’s primary battery is exhausted, scientists were considering what acrobatic maneuvers to risk in order to get the solar panels out of the shadows so they can keep Philae going for a few more months.
The first photos sent back to Earth revealed the comet’s rocky terrain, including an image that showed one of the lander’s three feet in the corner of the frame. They indicate that Philae’s instruments are working properly, said Jean-Pierre Bibring, the lander’s lead scientist at the European Space Agency.
Before deciding whether to try to adjust the lander, scientists will spend the next day or two collecting as much data as possible while its primary battery still has energy. The lander’s solar panels were designed to provide an extra hour of battery life each day after that, but this may not be possible now.
”We see that we get less solar power than we planned for,” said Koen Geurts of the lander team.
”This, of course, has an impact on our … capabilities to conduct science for an extended period of time,” he said.
”Unfortunately this is not a situation that we were hoping for.”
The lander scored a cosmic first Wednesday, touching down on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko after a decade-long, 4 billion-mile (6.4 billion-kilometer) journey through space aboard its mother ship, Rosetta. The comet is streaking through space at 41,000 mph some 311 million miles from Earth.
The landing was beset by a series of problems that began when thrusters meant to push Philae onto the comet failed. Then two harpoons, which should have anchored the lander to the surface, weren’t deployed.
This caused the lander to bounce off the comet and drift through the void for two hours before touching down again. After a second smaller bounce, scientists believe it came to rest in a shallow crater on the comet’s 2{ mile-wide body, or nucleus.
”We are just in the shadow of a cliff,” Bibring said, adding that photos indicate the cliff could be just a few yards (meters) away. ”We are in a shadow permanently, and that is part of the problem.”
Bibring and his colleagues stressed that the data they’ll be able to collect with the primary batteries alone will have made the landing worthwhile.
”A lot of science is getting covered now,” he said, noting that soon scientists will get their hands on a tomography of the comet and data showing whether the matter it is made of is magnetized.
But because the lander is just resting on the comet with nothing but low gravity holding it down, Philae will have to hold off on one of the most important experiments – drilling into the comet to extract some of the material buried beneath the surface.
Scientists want to analyze this material because it has remained almost unchanged for 4.5 billion years, making it something of a cosmic time capsule.
”Drilling without being anchored and without knowing how you are on the surface is dangerous. We might just tip over the lander,” said Stephan Ulamec, head of operations for Philae. Gravity on the comet is 1/100,000th that of Earth, meaning the washing machine-sized lander weighs just 0.04 ounces (1 gram) there.
Ground controllers will likely wait until the first big batch of data has been collected before attempting to adjust the lander so that its solar panels can catch the sun and charge its batteries.
Communication with the lander is slow, with signals taking more than 28 minutes to travel between Earth and the Rosetta orbiter flying above the comet.
Even if Philae uses up all its energy, it will remain on the comet in a mode of hibernation for the coming months. The comet is on a 6{-year elliptical orbit around the sun, and at the moment it is getting closer. So, in theory, Philae could wake up again if the comet passes the sun in such a way that the solar panels catch more light, Ulamec said.
Meanwhile, the Rosetta orbiter will also use its 11 instruments to analyze the comet over the coming months. Scientists hope the $1.6 billion (1.3 billion euro) project will help them better understand comets and other celestial objects, as well as possibly answer questions about the origins of life on Earth.
TAGS: Comet Philae
More from lifestyle
Selena Gomez fan of Jennifer Aniston Singer-actress Selena Gomez admits she is a huge fan of former 'Friends' actress Jennifer Aniston.

All clear from Australia for $7.5-bn project: AdaniInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
The Australian government has given all environmental and regulatory clearances for the $7.5 billion coal mining, rail and port project, said Gautam Adani, chairman, Adani Group, in an exclusive interview to The Indian Express. The Adani group has already invested over $ 3 billion in Australia.
“We have got all clearances. South Korean major Posco has agreed to pick up a minority stake in the rail project. It has been given the contract to build the $2.2 billion railway network from the pithead in Carmichael to the Abbot Point port,” Adani said. Two other companies had bid for the rail project contract.
Though the Adani group started work on the mining, rail and port project three years ago, it had been facing environmental hurdles. He is part of the business delegation that PM Narendra Modi took to Australia. His mining company, Adani Mining, is headquartered in Brisbane, Queensland.
“In the first phase, we will mine 40 million tonne of coal a year from 2018,” Adani said. The Abbott Point port already has a capacity to lift 50 million tonne. The port company will add another berth to increase capacity. The company will call for bids for expansion of the port soon, for which Posco has evinced interest.
Jeyakumar Janakaraj, CEO and country head, Adani Mining, said the project would have a debt-equity ratio of 60:40. “The initial capex is $7.5 billion. Initial funding has been tied up. The total financial closure will be achieved by end of next year,” he said.
The Carmichael mine in the Galilee Basin is the one of the largest thermal coal mines in the world, and the largest in Australia, with JORC certified resources of 11.05 billion tonne of coal, said Janakaraj. It  will be linked by a 388 km rail line to a new terminal at the Abbot Point port.
According to Janakaraj, the mining, rail and port projects will be executed by different companies. Adani Mining itself is fully owned by Adani Enterprises through Adani Global. About two-third of the coal output would be exported to India and the balance to Korea, Japan, Taiwan, etc.
“We are in an advanced stage of negotiation with consumers,” he said.
Adani was also likely to rope in another equity partner, Janakaraj said. “It will be a third party equity partner apart from Posco, but will again hold minority stake,” he added. Posco too would hold not more than 26%, the majority being held by the Adani Group.
TAGS: Adani Enterprises
More from companies

HC issues notices to AMU V-C registrarPrint
Written by Prashant Pandey | Allahabad | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:34 am
The Allahabad High Court Friday issued notices to the Vice-Chancellor and the Registrar of Aligarh Muslim University seeking their response on PIL seeking direction to the varsity authorities to allow entry of women students into the Maulana Azad Library (MAL).
Hearing the PIL filed by Deeksha Dwivedi and others, all law students, a division bench comprising Chief Justice D Y Chandrachud and Justice P K S Baghel fixed November 24 as next date of hearing.
A controversy has erupted over the AMU not allowing its women undergraduates access to the MAL. The Union Human Resource Development Ministry has also sought an explanation on the issue.
The PIL was filed Thursday, but the Divison Bench took up the matter out-of-turn on Friday following a mention by Smriti Kartikeya, the counsel of the petitioners.
Issuing the notices to the respondents, which also includes the Union of India, the bench said, “Prima facie, it appears that any effort to regulate a problem of ‘over-crowding’ in a campus library must be on a gender neutral basis”.
The court said a breach of gender neutrality involves “an infraction of Constitutional norms in relation to the guarantees of equality under Article 14 and of gender identity under Article 15 of the Constitution”.
It further said that “in the meantime”, it was expected that the Registrar and the V-C  “deal with the matter as responsible statutory authorities should and resolve an unseemly controversy”.
While AMU’s counsel, Ikram Ahmad, could not appear before the court due to personal reasons, the bench issued the notices, while taking note of the fact that the PIL was based on newspaper clippings of leading English dailies, including The Indian Express.
The reports raised the issue of women undergraduates not being granted access to the MAL – also known as main library of AMU. Amid controversy, V-C Lt Gen (Retd) Zameer Uddin Shah sought to explain that women undergraduates were not allowed because of “lack of space”. He was also attributed with comments that presence of women will only increase the number of male students visiting the library manifold.
Apart from this controversy, the AMU VC is already facing another petition in which his ‘eligibility’ to be on the post has been questioned.

http://usat.ly/1vavS7pTest Drive: Lincoln's tidy MKC not quite complete
MKC offers a tidy package with an attractive price and styling but also some ride, handling disappointments.
Post to Facebook
Test Drive: Lincoln's tidy MKC not quite complete MKC offers a tidy package with an attractive price and styling but also some ride, handling disappointments. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1urlXbe
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
9
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Test Drive: Lincoln's tidy MKC not quite complete
Video Keywords Ford's escape Bebop compact SUV USA today engine market crossover SUV starting price China
New to the line, small SUV posts big sales despite some disappointments (Money, USA Today)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  Lincoln and Casey is a compact SUV noodle Lincoln line
00:07  and selling well. Easy to see why it's the right size
00:10  right prize for many buyers. But is that the right product.
00:14  I'm James. The MKC is derived from Ford's escape crossover SUV
00:20  but I doubt you'd think the two were spawned at the
00:23  same parent. The 34000 dollar starting price is a bullseye. Small
00:28  luxury vehicles price closer to the thirty level than forty are
00:32  hot right now. Almost on its own and Casey as Jews
00:36  Lincoln sales 15% this year. And it's the brands put in
00:39  the China door still plays right looks interiors engine market appeal
00:45  had even on parked itself. But I have my guys now
00:49  understand that Lincoln supplied well reasoned nicely illustrated engineering discussions of
00:53  why am all of it. But here's the deal. And Casey
00:57  writes hard. At least our high end test model and it
01:01  doesn't handle corners all that well. Fact it feels nothing like
01:05  the BM WX three that Lincoln says it was a benchmark
01:08  in developing. That just because god just sixteen miles per gallon
01:12  in the suburban Bebop and it's not possible to do that
01:14  poorly Lincoln insists. Now maybe but it's not surprising to me
01:18  that a two time all wheel drive SUV. Even a compact
01:22  one. Whistler gas. Finally I think a luxury brands such as
01:27  Lincoln could do a better job making the infotainment and tellem
01:30  attic system awhile machine. And Casey's worked okay. But it lacks
01:35  the sort of do everything without plugging in her touching the
01:38  phone convenience. And a fancy machines should have in my view.
01:43  And Casey not bad but not as good as it might
01:46  have been. For more news and views about cars and trucks
01:50  go to the cars page. On the money section of the
01:54  USA today dot com.
James R. Healey , 4:53 p.m. EST November 14, 2014
Lincoln is hoping the 2015 Lincoln MKC small premium utility vehicle juices U.S. sales and is a big entree into China. MKC went on sale in the summer starting at $33,995..
(Photo: Lincoln)
46 CONNECT 54 TWEET LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Sandeep Khatiwala, Lincoln MKC's program manager, with his baby 
(Photo: ChrisWoodyard/USA TODAY)
Lincoln says MKC is true luxury 
(Photo: Lincoln)
Linbcoln enginners charted the steering accuracy of the 2015 MKC SUV against its likely rivals. Lincoln says chart shows MKC should drive thorugh corners without fighting the steering wheel. 
(Photo: Lincoln)
Lincoln says it tried make MKC look distinct from the Ford Escape crossover 
(Photo: Lincoln)
Lincoln MKC glows at night 
(Photo: Lincoln)
MKC keeps the distinctive Lincoln grille 
(Photo: Lincoln)
Lincoln MKC has an optional new, 2.3-liter turbocharged engine. 
(Photo: Lincoln)
Lincoln says MKC has ample leather, real aluminum and wood trim. "Authentic," Lincoln says is the mantra -- it is what it looks like. 
(Photo: Lincoln)
Sandeep Khatiwala, Lincoln MKC's program manager, shows off the crossover's unique hatch 
(Photo: Chris Woodyard/USA TODAY)
Lincoln MKC will come in all-wheel drive and front-wheel drive versions 
(Photo: Lincoln)
Lincoln engineers provided this chart that they say shows the 2015 MKC rides better than rivals and assertions to the contrary must be misguided. 
(Photo: Lincoln)
Sandeep Khatiwala, Lincoln MKC's program manager, seeks drivers. And it's a fruitful search. The new model is selling well and is part of Lincoln's first full-bore push into China. 
(Photo: Chris Woodyard/USA TODAY)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay
Last Slide Next Slide
Ford Motor's premium Lincoln brand is struggling to reclaim the lofty respect it had decades ago.
To update its models lineup at a quick pace, it's had to rely on redoing Ford brand models and trying to make them as distinctive as possible.
It has some proprietary hardware under development, and Ford Motor says it's committed to the billions of dollars it'll take to truly set Lincoln apart.
But for now, it's surviving on its ability to take Ford vehicles and scrub out the Ford-ness, while infusing Lincoln-ness.
Latest: 2015 MKC, a small SUV. It's a variation of the Ford Escape. Lincoln has put enough of its own mojo into the MKC that we doubt many people would guess it's a corporate cousin.
Using the "authentic" mantra, MKC has actual wood, aluminum and leather interior trim. It is what it looks like it is, Lincoln says.
The brand's sales are up 14.5% this year through October in a market up 5.5% and the MKC is a big reason — even though it's been on sale only since May.
It's clear why it would be a hit:
• Looks distinctive. Certainly doesn't look like the Ford Escape on which it's based, though we like the Escape's styling better.
• Has a handsome interior; A lot of the rea son why is that "authentic" business. And a lot is because the leather upholstery has a bit of the old-style over-stuffed look to it.
• Goes quickly. Our test vehicle had the big engine, 2.3-liter EcoBoost four-cylinder rated 285 horsepower and 305 pounds-feet of torque. Thus, not much dawdling when the gas foot goes down. The other one's a 2-liter four, 240 hp, 270 lbs.-ft., so not a weenie power plant.
• Alluring price. Starts at $33,995, including shipping, and small luxury-brand vehicles priced in the $30,000 to $40,000 range are hot right now. Poster model: Mercedes-Benz new CLA entry-level sedan. It's contributed about 21,000 incremental sales to the brand this year, which is a big number.
It's easy to run up the price of the MKC. To get one similar to the all-in tester you'd be spending $44,565.
Having noted the good stuff, and keeping in mind that Lincoln crafted fully-illustrated engineering documents to rebut Test Drive's criticisms, here's what we found annoying, disappointing:
• Handling: Understeer, making corners not much fun.
No way, Lincoln says. It was benchmarked against the BMW X3, which — we agree — is a terrific-handling SUV.
All we can say is something got lost in translation. There's no similarity at all between how the X3 drives and corners and steers, and how the MKC does those things.
• Ride: Bumpy, jarring. Impossible, in Lincoln's view.
We're pretty sure that the up-and-down motions, over the wrinkled asphalt stretch of road we use for such evaluations, would qualify as "bumpy" or "jarring" to most people.
• Mileage: Disappointing 16.1 mpg in suburban driving.
Can't be so, says Lincoln, which examined the test vehicle and said it showed 19.1 mpg. But that was after the fleet folks had driven it back to their offices on the highway.
• Phone connectivity: OK, but we expect to be wowed by voice and display functions in a luxury vehicle.
We think it's reasonable to demand in a premium model that you can have your phone in the car, not cabled, and use voice command to do everything on any phone, any operating system, from calling  people, to finding maps, to playing  music, to reading texts and replying. And to show all this on the vehicle's screen, where you can control the phone via touch if you don't care for voice.
Nobody has that, Lincoln says. Everybody should, Test Drive replies.
It might seem as if we're down on the MKC. But no. It's a very good machine and probably will continue to sell well.
But the pace of feature creep is too fast not to hit the market with future systems instead of merely current.
And the ride and handling demands of luxury buyers will, in some cases, exceed what the MKC can deliver.
Perhaps, from Lincoln's view, the best thing about the MKC is that nobody's likely to dismiss it as just a jazzed-up Ford.
2015 Lincoln MKC details:
•What? Compact SUV derived from Ford Escape. Four-door, five-passenger hatchback with front-wheel drive (FWD) or all-wheel drive (AWD).
•When? On sale since May.
•Where? Made at Louisville, Ky.
•How much? Base prices range from $33,995 with shipping to $44,565.
•What makes it go? 2-liter four-cylinder rated 240 horsepower at 5,500 rpm, 270 pounds-feet of torque at 3,000, or 2.3-liter four rated 285 hp at 5,500,. 305 lbs.-ft. at 2,750. Six-speed automatic on both engines.
•How big? Slightly smaller outside and in than BMW X3 or Acura RDX, with which Lincoln compares it. MKC has 97.9 cu. ft. of passenger space, 25.2 cu. ft of cargo space behind second row, 53.1 cu. ft. when second row's folded. Weighs 3,791 to 3,963 lbs.
• How thirsty? 2-liter, FWD rated 20 mpg in the city, 29 highway, 23 combined. 2-liter AWD: 19/26/22. 2.3-liter AWD 18/26/21.
Test vehicle, 2.3-liter AWD, registered 16.1 mpg (6.21 gallons per 100 miles) in frisky suburban driving. Burns regular. Tanks holds 15.5 gal.
•Overall: Tidy package with attractive price, styling but some ride, handling disappointments.
46 CONNECT 54 TWEET LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1urlXbe
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

http://HealthCare.gov
http://usat.ly/1qJgFD7FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
More insurers, more plans on federal healthcare exchange
Other analyses of data on the so-called benchmark silver plans around the U.S. have found wide variations in premium increases and decreases, but a small average change.
Post to Facebook
More insurers, more plans on federal healthcare exchange Other analyses of data on the so-called benchmark silver plans around the U.S. have found wide variations in premium increases and decreases, but a small average change. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qJgFD7
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
178
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
More insurers, more plans on federal healthcare exchange
Jayne O'Donnell and Meghan Hoyer , USA TODAY 1:36 p.m. EST November 15, 2014
Bessy Montenegro and her husband Gilberto Acebo are seen in the waiting room at the The Jessie Trice Community Health Center in Miami Gardens, Florida.
(Photo: Andrew B. Innerarity, for USA TODAY)
996 CONNECT 138 TWEET 18 LINKEDIN 178 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Average changes for health plan premiums on the federal insurance exchange vary wildly; some consumers in Tennessee will see up to 40% increases, but other places will experience large decreases, according to a USA TODAY analysis of data released Friday for Healthcare.gov, which covers 34 states.
The Department of Health and Human Services released the data ahead of open enrollment, which starts Saturday.
In Mississippi, the average price of bronze plans, which have the lowest premiums, decreased by 20%, while Georgia showed an average decrease at that level of 5.6%. In nearby Louisiana, bronze plan premiums increased by 12%, the analysis shows.
Premiums for platinum plans, which cost the most, had large increases in several states. In Ohio, the average platinum plan will be nearly twice as much as last year.
Is Obamacare working? Your Say
Overall, the average changes were far below the average 10% increase in premiums for individual insurance before the Affordable Care Act. That's except for platinum plans, which also have the lowest out-of-pocket costs and had an average increase in 2015 of 20%. Bronze plans, which have the lowest premiums and highest cost sharing, had premiums increases of just 3%.
"The bottom line is that exchange enrollees' 2015 premiums will vary widely based on geography," said Elizabeth Carpenter, a director at Avalere Health, which did its own analysis of the data. "Consumers should be wary of reports detailing national or state-wide premium changes and should instead focus on the details of their particular plan."
The USA TODAY analysis also shows how competition is increasing in many parts of the country. About 75% of the counties on the federal healthcare exchange have at least one more insurance plan this year  than last, and many states have far more.
Georgia, Wisconsin, Michigan, Indiana and Ohio all have significantly more offerings. Florida, which had an unusually large number of plans last year, saw some decrease in offerings, the analysis shows.
Feds, states add help for health care open enrollment
The findings underscore the importance of shopping around for those who already have insurance as well as the uninsured, something the administration and other healthcare experts all emphasize. Most people who bought a plan last year on Healthcare.gov will find at least one plan that is less expensive in the same level of coverage, HHS says
Other analyses of data on silver plans, which offer the second lowest-cost premiums, have found wide variations in increases and decreases, but a small average change across the board. The price of these plans is especially important because subsidies available to lower-income consumers are based upon these benchmark plans.
Kaiser Family Foundation found that average premiums decreased by 0.2%. But its data show some areas that had especially low prices last year, such as Minneapolis, had the biggest premium increases for their benchmark plans. Big swings in prices are typically related to insurers adjusting their prices to reflect their claims experiences with new customers or new insurers leaving or joining the market.
There are 77 new health insurance issuers selling  plans in the marketplaces in 2015, up 25% from last year, HHS says. Georgia, for example, has five more insurance companies offering individual plans for 2015, while Michigan has four more.
Margaret Brawner of Charlotte, N.C. sees how competition can help. She has just two insurance companies to choose from where she lives and the plan she had last year went up from $476 a month to $542, both with a $6,500 deductible.
She's decided to go without insurance, at least until she moves to South Carolina next year, "one of the reasons being Obamacare is better priced (there) because there are more companies competing for your business," Brawner says.
Tell us your open enrollment story at healthinsurance@usatoday.com
Video Keywords Affordable Care Act health research currently managing director affordable plans window shopping health care costs USA today Social Security Olympics
Here's advice on how to prepare and sign up for health insurance under Obamacare. (News, USA TODAY)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:03  Open enrollment starts November 15 under the Affordable Care Act
00:06  I'm Jane O'Donnell would USA today here with CC currently managing
00:10  director of the health research instituted PWC. We're gonna tell you
00:15  a little bit about how to get ready. CC how do
00:18  you prepare I mean it's it can seem so overwhelming how
00:21  do you prepare to buy insurance health insurance well. The best
00:24  advice has pulled together all of your information get your Social
00:28  Security number and the numbers of any other family members that
00:31  you wanna sign up get your income information at W two's
00:35  statement or W ninth statement. Pull all of that together he's
00:39  got doctors or hospitals that you want to be able to
00:41  visit have beer information at your fingertips once you've got that.
00:45  You can start comparing what plans are available. I have an
00:49  end to the provider networks as well you want to make
00:51  sure. You have all the list of all your doctor yes
00:54  it and you've got some doctors that you really want to
00:56  be able to see make sure you of their name inaccuracy
00:59  can look them up as well okay great and what are
01:01  the choices it that they're broken down by what. Well I
01:05  think of it is kind of like the Olympics Jane we've
01:07  got bronze silver gold and an extra level platinum net. The
01:10  bronze are the most affordable plans out there but they tend
01:14  to be pretty basic what we're seeing is that most shoppers
01:17  go for sale over. Covers about 70% of your total health
01:21  care costs. That's also the level where you can be you
01:24  can use subsidies to help you buy the coverage since silver's
01:28  been very popular okay. And out. What do you do you
01:32  had how do you sign up what is the actual process
01:35  it's easier this year right it has gotten easier in part
01:38  because now when you go on line there's going to be
01:40  a button that says browse and it's like window shopping going
01:43  to the department store and look around. So now people can
01:46  brown starting immediately. And they can do some of the comparisons
01:50  it's not quite like finding a hotel or an airline flight
01:54  online yet getting closer to getting closer than that experience where
01:57  you can start to putting your information and then see what's
02:01  available. And and finally what is the biggest mistakes what do
02:04  you what should people watch out for perhaps they set settling
02:07  for as low premium that might not cover and that might
02:09  not cover enough that's certainly something to consider I think this
02:13  year heading in to 2015 there's a big concern that the
02:16  people that bought last year. We'll simply just re enroll in
02:20  whenever health insurance they've gotten and unfortunately that's probably not going
02:24  to be the best deal this year. So even though its
02:27 work we're really encouraging those folks to go online as well
02:31  and do that comparison shopping because the chances are they can
02:34  find a better deal. That's right for more information go to
02:37  www. Healthcare dot gov. Or follow our coverage on USA today
02:43  dot com thank you.
996 CONNECT 138 TWEET 18 LINKEDIN 178 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qJgFD7

Sofia tweets full nude pic for Rohits record inningsSofia Hayat tweets full nude pic for cricketer Rohit Sharma’s record innings
24 days ago, India Newzstreet
After cricketer Rohit Sharma’s record innings, happy Sofia dedicated a full nude pic on twitter to him.
MORE TOP STORIES TODAY

G20 vows to tighten screws on errant MNCsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Katherine Boo on seeing her Mumbai stories on stage© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/579316fa-6a63-11e4-bfb4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The new Mexico goes up in flamesThe ‘new Mexico’ goes up in flames
By Jude Webber in Mexico City
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e7d5752-6b0d-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russia braced for catastrophic oil plungeRussia braced for ‘catastrophic’ oil plunge
Anjli Raval, Neil Hume and Jonathan Eley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c32ccb0a-6bd9-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil services groups prepare for upheavalOil services groups prepare for upheaval
Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0459dc66-6c12-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Halliburton in talks for Baker Hughes bid© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a0813328-6b7c-11e4-9337-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Australia chases ambitious foreign agendaAustralia’s PM Tony Abbott pursues an ambitious foreign agenda
Jamie Smyth in Brisbane
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d23f297c-6ba1-11e4-9337-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Are scarves the new tiesNovember 14, 2014 5:30 pm
Renaissance of the humble scarf
Ryan Thmopson
The rise of casual tailoring is a boon for scarves but it could be a bust for ties
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5d0340f4-666e-11e4-9c0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The List: Four of the best codebreakers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a772c4dc-6b43-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Flights of fancy: the latest in first-class air travel© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/59d98380-65b4-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China credit growth slows as curbs biteChina credit growth slows as regulatory curbs bite
Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d3646990-6bea-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China investment growth near 13-year low© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5dd366d4-6b0b-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese outbid Accor for budget hotelsChina’s Jin Jiang outbids Accor for French budget hotel chain
Anne-Sylvaine Chassany in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a7df4d0a-6a7b-11e4-bfb4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias efforts to control its population are still stuck in the pastIndia’s efforts to control its population are still stuck in the past
Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
Women’s deaths reflect mindset from 1975 state of emergency
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1070d0b8-6bf9-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What did the ancient Hindus ever do for usFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Russian aggression revives sanctions talkRussian aggression revives sanctions support in eastern Europe
Henry Foy and Peter Spiegel in Bratislava and Andrew Byrne in Budapest
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d89a98da-6b36-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tax boost for foreign investors in ChinaTax boost for foreign investors in China
Jennifer Hughes and Josh Noble in Hong Kong and Gabriel Wildau in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6c1497d8-6be0-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mexicos powerful first ladiesMexico’s powerful first ladies
Jude Webber in Mexico City
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/58ec3846-6b2c-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Martin Wheatley: Citys steely enforcer© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bcbbd196-6b28-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

In Australia  Modi takes selfies with students  meets world leadersComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Brisbane on Friday fresh from a breakthrough agreement with the US on food security that is likely to boost his image at the weekend G20 summit, where retrieving black money will be high on his agenda.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (File Photo)
The deal, which paves the way for a global trade pact at next month's World Trade Organization (WTO) council meet, drew praise from leaders of leading industrial nations Japan and the UK as well as the European Union during Modi's meetings with his British and Japanese counterparts, David Cameron and Shinzo Abe, and EU president Herman von Rompuy.
"The three leaders congratulated the PM and extended their support when the matter comes up before the World Trade Organization (WTO). They also said all the countries can now move together," foreign ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.
The Indo-US deal is expected to give Modi the leverage to push at the G-20 summit India's agenda to dig up black money stashed abroad and to step up global cooperation against cross-border tax avoidance and evasion.
"A key issue for me would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money," Modi said before he left for his three-nation tour, underscoring the promise he made before the general elections in May.
It was a sunny day at Brisbane as Modi stepped out of his Special Air India plane at the international airport after an overnight flight from Myanmar where he attended two back-to-back international summits and had a string of bilateral meetings.
"Reached Brisbane. It is bright and sunny outside," Modi tweeted.
The first Indian Prime Minister to visit Australia since Rajiv Gandhi in 1986, Modi's first engagement of the day was a visit to the Queensland University of Technology where he wrote on an agricultural robot a message in Gujarati: "Research is the mother of development."
He also wished the students on Children's Day and indulged them with a selfie session. "I am fortunate to be among children on Chacha Nehru's birthday," an MEA tweet quoted Modi as saying. But the highlight of the day was his dinner with Abe and the bonhomie between the two leaders who follow each other on Twitter. "Happy to meet you once again," he told Abe, who hosted the dinner for Modi in their second interaction in three months.
The Prime Minister had his first meeting with Cameron who said relations with India are at the "top of the priorities of UK's foreign policy".
Modi is expected to use the G20 summit of the world's biggest developed and emerging economies, to flag India's concerns over "jobless growth" prospects.
WTO secretary-general Roberto Azevedo said the resolution of the row between India and the US over food subsidies has breathed new life into the global organization while EU chief Rompuy told Modi the 28-nation bloc was keen on "re-engaging" with India in all areas, especially trade.
Modi got off to a flying start even before the G20 summit began with US president Barack Obama described him "as a man of action" during their meeting on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit in Myanmar.

Slowing wholesale inflation: Is it time now for rate cutHi Guest
Slowing wholesale inflation: Is it time now for rate cut?
Fall in both WPI and CPI inflation to pressure RBI, say analysts  Wholesale inflation dropped to a new multi-year low in October. Photograph: Rupak de Choudhuri/Reuters. Wholesale inflation dropped to a new multi-year low in October, helped by slower annual rises in food and fuel prices, intensifying pressure on the central bank to cut interest rates to encourage spending and investment needed to boost growth.The wholesale price index rose an annual 1.77 per cent last month, its slowest since ...

Putin put on notice at G20 summit to end Ukraine crisisThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sierra Bancorp Completes Santa Clara Valley Bank AquisitionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Modi-Obama meeting sealed trade deal  WTO says Bali package could be in force in 2 weeksFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
As President Barack Obama commended the personal leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in finding the way forward on the WTO trade facilitation agreement (TFA), top Indian officials here said that it was at the meeting of the two leaders in Nay Pyi Taw this week that the deal was finally sealed.
Meeting on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit on Wednesday, Modi and Obama took forward their discussion in Washington in September, including on the ways to resolve the WTO deadlock. “I know you are a man of action,” Obama told Modi in Nay Pyi Taw.
“It’s not that this statement made the deal happen. But it did bring the issue to finality,” said an Indian government official in Brisbane on Friday.
In Washington, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said in a statement, “The President had extensive discussions with Prime Minister Modi on this (TFA) issue and appreciates his personal leadership in finding a path forward.”
Also on Friday, the WTO said that there was a “high probability” that a major deal on streamlining global Customs rules would now be implemented within two weeks.
“I would say that we have a high probability that the Bali package will be implemented very shortly,” WTO director-general Roberto Azevedo said in Brisbane, referring to the TFA agreed on the Indonesian island. “I’m hopeful that we can do it in a very short period of time, certainly within the next two weeks.”
India and the US on Thursday settled the dispute that had paralysed the WTO, and risked derailing the reforms that are seen adding about $ 1 trillion to global trade. The TFA relates to streamlining of Customs procedures by all WTO members to dramatically improve the movement of goods across countries, and bring down costs.
India had refused to bend on the issue of food security, linked it to the TFA and vetoed signing of the agreement. Every agreement at WTO requires consensus, and even a single member country can block a deal.
Subsequent to the India-US agreement, US Trade Representative Michael Froman issued a statement that said, “With the WTO confronting a mounting crisis of confidence, President Obama and Prime Minister Modi held productive discussions on this issue, including during the Prime Minister’s visit to Washington in September. In recent days, officials of both governments worked intensively and reached an agreement that should give new momentum to multilateral efforts at the WTO.”
Defending India’s position, Modi had earlier said the WTO had to move forward simultaneously on all agreements reached in Bali, including on food security, to address the concerns of all sections of society, including the poor.
At an Idea Exchange programme of The Indian Express at the end of August, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had said, “PDS, efficient use of subsidy or how many people will benefit from PDS are all issues we in India have to decide for ourselves. That is no way going to be driven by WTO.”
Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu, who is also the Prime Minister’s sherpa for G20, too had said that if development issues were put on the back burner all the time, India could not be accused of being the spoiler.
(With PTI in Washington and Reuters in Brisbane)
TAGS: Barack Obamam Narendra Modi WTO
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a priority: PMModiPrint
Modi with Canada PM.
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | Brisbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 9:25 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 11:00 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday pushed his government’s domestic agenda on black money at an informal meeting of BRICS leaders ahead of the Group of 20 Leaders Summit.
The BRICS meet is intended to coordinate positions among the five big developing economies of the world, so that they can pull in their combined weight at the G20 Summit .
Modi called for close coordination on unaccounted money stashed abroad, and said that its repatriation to India was a key priority for his government. “Unaccounted money abroad is also linked to security challenges,” he told the leaders of Brazil, Russia, China and South Africa.
At the informal meeting, the five leaders also took stock of the progress made in the establishment of the New Development Bank (NDB) and the Contingent Reserve Arrangement (CRA) that was agreed upon in the sixth BRICS Summit in Fortaleza in Brazil in mid-July this year.
IN PICS: Narendra Modi meets world leaders
The leaders asked their finance ministers to designate the president and vice-presidents of the new bank well in advance of the next BRICS Summit.
Modi said the NDB and the CRA signal the group’s collective capacity to create and manage global institutions. India hoped to ratify the agreement by the end of the year, he said. “We will soon nominate our candidate for the post of the presidency,” the PM said in his opening remarks.
Reform process bound to face resistance: PM Narendra Modi
The seventh BRICS Summit is scheduled to be held in the Russia city of Ufa in the middle of next year. “The leaders also announced the setting up of an interim Board of Directors that will lead the next phase establishing the NDB,” a media note on the informal meeting said.
The leaders also asked the governors of their central banks to ensure that the Inter-Central Bank Agreement foreseen in the CRA be concluded by the time of the Summit in Russia.
The PM said the NDB could be effective in promoting sustainable development and bridging infrastructure gaps. “We can be more aligned to local conditions and requirements. We should focus on next generation infrastructure,” he said. According to Modi, BRICS could promote new models of governance and financing, while maintaining the highest standards of banking.
The leaders — President Dilma Rousseff of Brazil, President Vladimir Putin of Russia, President Xi Jinping of China, President Jacob Zuma of South Africa, and Prime Minister Modi — exchanged views and shared perspectives on measures to promote growth and create jobs. The G20 has set a target for growing their economies by an additional 2 per cent over the next five years. They also discussed issues related to infrastructure, trade, energy, strengthening of the financial system, and cooperation in tax matters.
At the fifth Summit in Fortaleza, India had wrenched the presidency of the NDB, while China had got to locate the bank’s headquarters in Shanghai. India also got BRICS to agree continued…

Should you jointly buy property with your siblingShould You Jointly Buy a Property With Your Sibling?
By CommonFloor | CommonFloor.com –  Fri 31 Oct, 2014 5:14 PM IST
Home Improvement Guide
Procedures That Cannot Be Ignored While Buying a Property
CommonFloor.com
For many of us in India, blood is thicker than water; no wonder, that many of us consider buying property jointly with our siblings. And that makes sense as well, as it is convenient and easy sharing a property with someone who has shared home with us in the younger years. While there is nothing wrong in entering the property market as siblings, there are some things that surely need your serious consideration before you take that final plunge.
Given below are some points that will help you decide if you should indeed buy a property jointly with your sibling.
Joint property purchase will help you get rid of frequent lease renewals
If you and your sibling are staying together in the same house and are paying a monthly rental, then purchasing a property jointly is a good move as it will help you save yourself from the hassle and cost of frequent lease renewals. Since the price of residential property has reduced in many big cities and metros, the monthly EMIs are almost same as the rental amounts. In such scenarios, it makes sense to purchase a property than to pay monthly rent. Many individuals who cannot afford to purchase property individually prefer purchasing it jointly with their siblings in such scenarios.
Many financial institutions offer joint home loans to siblings
Many banks offer joint home loans to siblings, making it easier for siblings to purchase a home loan together. However, all banks clearly stipulate that the co-applicants of the loan should also be the co-owners of the purchased property. The best part is that both owners of the house can enjoy tax exemption of up to Rs 1 lakh of the principal amount of the home loan (under section 80C) and up to Rs 1.5 lakh under section 24 of the income tax act.
Joint property should be purchased by siblings only after de consideration and thought
When a property is purchased jointly by siblings, repayment of the home loan is a collective responsibility of both. And since it is long term commitment, no one should enter it without serious analysis and thought. One must consider the course of action if the interests and needs of one of the sibling changes in the near future. Both siblings should also consider if they would like to pay the entire EMI on their own if another sibling backs out. All these points and the issue of future ownership should also be considered while investing in a joint property.
Last but not the least, siblings must assess their present and future income to ensure that there are no defaults in the payment of EMIs of the joint home loan. This is especially crucial, as any default from even one of the co-applicants can lead to legal action against both the siblings who have jointly taken home loan from the financial institution.
Buy, Sell, Rent & Manage your property at: CommonFloor.com
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Why eBay stayed away from festive flash salesTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Power plays: Relationships to watch at G-20 summitThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ajwa Fun World & Resort reports standalone net loss of Rs 0.34 crore in the September 2014 quarterHi Guest
Ajwa Fun World & Resort reports standalone net loss of Rs 0.34 crore in the September 2014 quarter
Sales rise 26.83% to Rs 0.52 crore   Net Loss of Ajwa Fun World & Resort reported to Rs 0.34 crore in the quarter ended September 2014 as against net loss of Rs 0.43 crore during the previous quarter ended September 2013. Sales rose 26.83% to Rs ...

UPDATE 4-Obama  in latest climate move  pledges $3 bln for global fundThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

ONGC Q2 net falls 10 percentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Repatriation of black money a key priority: Modi in BrisbaneThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

G20 to focus on economic growth  infrastructure and tax avoidanceThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Company show profit... and it wont to be a penny stock.. so short term...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Poooooooooooreeeeeeeestttttttt in the peer.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Funda investor bhai  first and foremost congrats to you madonna and 10...186 Followers
Reposted about 22 days 20 hrs 46 min 20 sec ago by fundamental_investor
funda investor bhai, first and foremost congrats to you,madonna and 10baggers....congrats from the bottom of my heart, i stay abroad so will have to make an international call to freshtrop, ..what a turnaround business,i will be visiting europe in the next two months, i will have the opportunity to see freshtrop fruits displayed on the shelf hopefully!!
In reply to : fundamental_investor message
10.00 AM Nov 15th

Axis bank should cross rs 500 very shortly. price to book value for fy...New Member
1 Followers
axis bank should cross rs 500 very shortly. price to book value for fy15 going to be only 2.2 so this is a very cheap stock in comparison to hdfc yes indusind and icici bank
10.00 AM Nov 15th  | Track

Yahoo Mail suffers outageSan Francisco, Nov 15:  
Yahoo Mail users took to Twitter to express frustration about disruptions today on the free messaging service.
Website Downrightnow.com, which monitors popular online services, listed the status of Yahoo Mail as experiencing “likely disruption” and displayed a graph indicating it had been down for several hours.
The graph showed Yahoo Mail being down several times in a one-day period.
Yahoo did not respond to an AFP request for comment regarding the nature and extent of the problem.
“Yahoo mail is down... AGAIN,” a Twitter user wrote in commentary fired off with the hashtag #yahoomail.
“Totally frustrated.”
(This article was published on November 15, 2014)
Related

China launches new remote sensing satelliteChina launches new remote sensing satellite
PTI
Beijing, Nov 15:  
China today launched a new remote sensing satellite into scheduled orbit from Taiyuan Satellite Launch Centre.
The satellite Yaogan-23 will mainly be used for scientific experiments, natural resource surveys, crop yield estimates and disaster relief, state—run Xinhua news agency reported.
It was carried by a Long March—2C rocket, marking the 198th mission for the Long March rocket family.
China launched the first satellite in the “Yaogan” series, Yaogan—1, in 2006.
The new satellite was put in orbit amid plans announced by China on November 10 to launch around 120 more applied satellites to “accommodate economic and social needs“.
Yang Baohua, deputy general manager of the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, said Chinese economy will continue to record relatively high growth, generating more demand for aerospace technologies.
He, however, did not specify time span during which the satellites would be launched.
“We will focus on building a self—controlled national space infrastructure that can operate continuously and stably for a long time,” he said.
China will launch about 70 remote sensing satellites to detect the near—Earth space environment and predict extreme events and also launch about 20 communication satellites to meet communication demand in national security and public services, he said.
In addition, China will launch about 30 navigation satellites to provide accurate and reliable global positioning and navigation services, he added.
(This article was published on November 15, 2014)
Related

Zest fails to rev up flagging energy in Tata Motors campInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
Tata Motors on Friday reported a 7.07% year-on-year decline in consolidated net profit to Rs 3,291 crore for the quarter ended September 30 due to lower domestic sales of passenger and commercial vehicles, currency depreciation and higher taxes paid.
Revenues increased 6.5% to Rs 60,564 crore, mainly due to strong sales reported by Jaguar Land Rover (JLR), the British carmaker that Tata Motors acquired in 2008.
The carmaker, which is part of the salt-to-software group, missed analyst estimates. A Bloomberg poll had pegged the net profit at Rs 4626 crore and turnover at Rs 63,725 crore.
On a standalone basis, net loss from Tata Motors’ Indian business widened to Rs 1,846 crore during the September quarter from Rs 804 crore during the year-ago period. Standalone revenues fell 1.34% over the same period to Rs 8,750 crore.
Indian automakers have been facing severe challenges in the domestic market due to macroeconomic headwinds, coupled with high interest rates, leading to many potential buyers putting off their car buying decisions.
Tata Motors reported a 15.75% year-on-year decline in domestic sales and exports of commercial and passenger vehicles, which stood at 1,27,220 units for the July-September period.
However, the company is hoping for a turnaround in domestic sales next fiscal. It is pinning hopes on its new entry-level sedan, the Zest, which was launched in August and its upcoming hatchback, the Bolt, to revive flagging car sales in India. As India’s economic growth gets back on track, Tata Motors’ management also hopes to see a revival in sales of commercial vehicles.
“We are hopeful that the commercial vehicle segment will see a turnaround and will record growth from the second half of the next calendar year,” Tata Motor’s chief financial officer, C Ramakrishnan, said at Friday’s press conference.
The dismal domestic performance was, however, partly offset by sales and profitability at subsidiary JLR, even though the British carmaker’s net profit dropped over the year earlier.
JLR reported revenues of £4.81 billion for the July-September period, up 4.2% from the year ago. It reported a net profit of £450 million, 11.24% lower than the year earlier. Net profit came in lower “due to unfavourable revaluation of foreign currency debt and unrealised hedges and higher depreciation and amortisation.”
JLR’s wholesale sales stood at 1,03,975 units for the September quarter, up 2% year-on-year, while retail sales grew 7.9% over the same period to 1,10,781 units.
Mayank Pareek, president of Tata Motors’ passenger vehicles business, said the company sold slightly over 10,000 units of the Zest between August and September.
“Though we are seeing huge demand for the Zest, we are not being able to produce it in the numbers required by the market,” Pareek said.
“Some of the bottlenecks, which are affecting the Zest’s supply, include the fact that several tier I and II vendors don’t have enough capacity.”
Tata Motors is also trailing the original schedule for launching the Bolt, which will now be launched in the fourth quarter of the current fiscal, Ramakrishnan said.
The Tata Motors stock closed at Rs 523.80 on the BSE on Friday, down 0.5%. The Sensex closed at 28,046.66, up 0.38%.
TAGS: JLR Tata Motors Tata Zest
More from companies

Sunny Leone s HOTTEST photos ever!Photo uploaded by Nivedita Gupta
on Mar 19, 2014 , 04:26 pm
39188 Views  |  0  Comment  |  
Report Abuse
Before Bigg Boss, women in particular had never heard of this porn star. It was Bigg Boss that made Sunny Leone a household name in India. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search
Before Bigg Boss, women in particular had never heard of this porn star. It was Bigg Boss that made Sunny Leone a household name in India. Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search

OMG: Kim Kardashian s biggest SCANDALS revealed!Photo uploaded by Shailendra Dhodi
on Sep 23, 2014 , 05:33 pm
32497 Views  |  21  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
Another latest image of Kim K that was supposedly leaked on the web. Can't say this is her first time though after her sex tape went viral!  Image Source: Procured via Google Search.
Another latest image of Kim K that was supposedly leaked on the web. Can't say this is her first time though after her sex tape went viral!  Image Source: Procured via Google Search.

ROHIT Sharma s extraordinary life in pics!Photo uploaded by Ritu Awasthi
on Apr 28, 2014 , 04:44 pm
3766 Views  |  14  Comments  |  
Report Abuse
The boy has DONE it again! Rohit Sharma has just scored 264 runs against Sri Lanka. Way to go Rohit.
The boy has DONE it again! Rohit Sharma has just scored 264 runs against Sri Lanka. Way to go Rohit.

Drugs & abuse: Life of Mamta KulkarniPhoto uploaded by Monika Rawal
on Feb 20, 2013 , 08:03 pm
23792 Views  |  18  Comments  |  
In July 2000, she was finally convicted and fined 15000 for her bold Stardust photoshoot.
Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search
In July 2000, she was finally convicted and fined 15000 for her bold Stardust photoshoot.Image courtesy: Procured via Google Search

Johnson named ICC Cricketer of the YearUpdated: November 14, 2014 15:50 IST
Johnson named ICC Cricketer of the Year
PTI
cricket
It was double delight Mitchell Johnson as the Australian fast bowler was on Friday declared ICC Cricketer of the Year as well as the ICC Test cricketer of the Year.
The 33-year-old has won the coveted Cricketer of the Year award for the second time in his career while he is only third Australian after Ricky Ponting (2006) and Michael Clarke (2013) to win the Test Cricketer of the Year award.
During the voting period between 26 August 2013 and 17 September 2014, Johnson claimed 59 Test wickets at an average of 15.23, with best bowling figures of seven for 40 runs against England in Adelaide last December.
In ODIs, Johnson claimed 21 wickets in 16 games.
Since the inception of the awards in 2004, Johnson is only the second player after compatriot Ricky Ponting to win the Sir Garfield Sobers Trophy twice.
While Johnson previously won this trophy in 2009, Ponting lifted it back—to—back in 2006 and 2007. Other winners include Rahul Dravid (2004), Jacques Kallis and Andrew Flintoff (2005), Shivnarine Chanderpaul (2008), Sachin Tendulkar (2010), Jonathan Trott (2011), Kumar Sangakkara (2012) and Michael Clarke (2013).
“Some of the greats of the game have been nominated and won this award, and it’s a very special honour,” a delighted Johnson said.
“Aggressive fast bowlers are something you’d have seen back in the day with the likes of (Dennis) Lillee and (Jeff) Thomson. For me, it’s nice to be able to contribute to the team and do the job that I’ve always thought I’ve been able to do. I suppose it comes down to the attitude I’ve got, the belief and the confidence. I’m very happy with where I am at the moment and I want to keep getting better as a cricketer.”
Johnson was earlier named in the ICC Test Team of the Year in Dubai on 5 November. In the same event, India fast bowler Bhuvneshwar Kumar Kumar was revealed as the LG People’s Choice award winner
Johnson has been joined on the winners’ list by South Africa’s AB de Villiers, who was named ICC ODI Cricketer of the Year, and England’s Gary Ballance, who claimed his first-ever ICC award after being named the ICC Emerging Cricketer of the Year.
Other winners include England’s wicketkeeper-batter Sarah Taylor, who has won the ICC Women’s ODI Cricketer of the Year award, Australia opener Aaron Finch, whose 156 against England off 63 balls, has won him the ICC T20I Performance of the Year award, and Scotland’s Preston Mommsen, who won the ICC Associate and Affiliate Cricketer of the Year award.
Richard Kettleborough of the Emirates Elite Panel of ICC Umpires won the David Shepherd Trophy for ICC Umpire of the Year for the second consecutive year.
Australia captain Meg Lanning has clinched the ICC Women’s T20I Cricketer of the Year award, while England’s Katherine Brunt has won the ICC Spirit of Cricket award, for sportingly asking for a referral when a South Africa batter was adjudged to have been given out caught and the decision was subsequently reversed.

Why is Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru so important for a faceless IndianBe critical of Nehru's policies, not his persona
Nivedita Mishra , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 14, 2014
First Published: 20:45 IST(14/11/2014) | Last Updated: 14:48 IST(17/11/2014)
Comments
I must have been in my early teens when my dad gave me Glimpses of World History. At our home, history and literature have been of abiding interests. So, the possibility of getting a ringside view of world history told in the most engaging manner was a wondrous idea. Years later, when I was much older, possibly in early 20s, I read his Discovery of India and his autobiography. My dad also maintained a diary of his favourite quotes and writings from the world of letters. In them, I discovered Nehru’s Tryst with Destiny and Will and Testament writings.
Slowly but surely, an image of the man emerged – a man gifted with language, a passionate nationalist, a modernist beyond compare, a world citizen, a scholar, a man of excellent Kashmiri pandit ancestry... and a strikingly good-looking man.
Later when I joined journalism, I would devour whatever was being written about Nehru. In an editorial by columnist Bramha Chellaney, for instance, in 2007, I was to get a reading of what happened in 1962, what led to it and how it affected Nehru. I recall reading how Nehru could never really get over the fact that the China, despite agreeing to the principle of panchsheela, would so brazenly disregard it and attack India.
It is generally believed that Nehru died of heart attack or possibly failure. Chellaney almost suggested that the Chinese behaviour could have been the lasting reason.
During those years, a colleague would turn from being a Nehru champion to Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose hunter, and therefore a Nehru baiter. We at Hindustantimes.com did a special microsite on the disappearance of Netaji (2003-04). The series of articles, among other things, hinted that Netaji did not die in 1945 and that Nehru effectively blocked his entry back to India. Why? Apparently because of his lust for power.
Why would the son of a rich man leave the comforts of his wealthy home, toil for India’s independence like many others, go to jail for many, many years and do such a petty thing? Thank god, Indians don’t buy this. But you never know...
Much later when internet became part of daily lives, I would often see YouTube videos vilifying Nehru by, sometimes, picking known facts and twisting in a biased logic and sometimes peddling pure falsehood.
I could have easily said that this was the handiwork of a fringe lunatic group, but when I see the YouTube views these videos get, I cringe in disbelief wondering how gullible people can be. You scream from the rooftops all kinds of falsehoods and half-truths that people begin believing in after while. You start worrying when such videos get somewhere 2 or 3 lakh views (with some even hovering in the vicinity of 22 lakhs, goodness!).
As an independent 40-year-old financially stable woman, I have lot to thank a guy like Nehru for. The social security, I enjoy today for instance.
If I have the right to my father’s property, something unimaginable 70 years ago, I am absolutely indebted to a man like him.
He’s the guy who put his weight behind women’s education. Needless to say, countries that have educated their daughters have generally developed fast.
It is extremely scary when cousins and friends hold forth on half-baked ideas, and sometimes even falsehoods, over dinner table conversations or drawing room discussions.
I cringe everytime people want you to believe that Nehru surrendered Kashmir at the behest of Edwina Mountbatten. Really? Can the destiny of a nation of some 80 million people be decided under the stupor of alleged romantic dalliances or in bedrooms? Could it be, Edwina and her husband influenced his decision in taking the matter to the UN but... there can never be any justification for making such sweeping statements so casually.
It is easy rubbish all this as utter nonsense, but isn’t it is worrying when such beliefs take centrestage? Aren’t these people also Indian voters?
Haven’t you been bombarded with or tagged with nonsensical Facebook posts? I have seen posts suggesting that Nehru died of STDs. Really? Some others say Nehru was a Muslim. We thought his ancestor Raj Kaul, a well-known Sanskrit and Persian scholar, who moved from Kashmir valley to the plains in search for fame and fortune in the dying years on Mughal era. Wow, who are these story tellers who weave such tales?
Surely Nehru made mistakes, some grievous ones at that in his lifetime and his political descendants have done more harm to his legacy than his detractors ever can. But must we judge a man on the basis of half truths?
There has to be something terribly wrong in us as a nation if one half indulges in unabashed hero worshipping while the other goes all out to make a villain out of him.
Surely, we can do better.
Advertisement

Marylands Brad Craddock on fame  cricket  and footballBy Dan Steinberg November 14 Follow @dcsportsbog
(Getty)
Two weeks ago, Brad Craddock nailed a 43-yard last-minute field goal in front of more than 100,000 fans to give Maryland its first win at Penn State in the history of human existence. That made the junior kicker 14-of-14 on field-goal attempts this season, eight of which have come from at least 40 yards.
Craddock has made 20 consecutive field goals (a school record). He has made a 57-yard field goal (a school record). And he was recently named a semifinalist for the nation’s top placekicking honor, for the second year in a row.
As it happens, I recently chatted with Craddock and some of his pals. So with Michigan State set to arrive in College Park , this seems as good a time as any to note a few things about the Australian kicker.
He isn’t necessarily famous yet.
I asked Craddock whether his College Park celebrity has risen since his State College game-winner.
“Uh, no,” he said. “Not at all. I had one kid say ‘good kick’ to me.”
Of course, Craddock wasn’t the only one who was congratulated for that kick.
“Did I ever tell you some kid came up to me and said ‘good kick’?” punter Nathan Renfro said to Craddock. “I was like, ‘That wasn’t me. But thanks.’ ”
Upon prompting, Craddock soon realized that two students had actually congratulated him.
“It was the first time I’ve ever seen someone’s football prowess be noticed off-campus,” gushed offensive lineman Evan Mulrooney. “We were walking into this place, and some girl was like ‘Hey! Great kick against Penn State!’ I think she said it changed her life or something like that. Didn’t she say something like that?’
“Yeah,” Craddock admitted. “She said that.”
So if you add her to the kid in the Stamp Student Union, Craddock got two accolades from fellow students.
“Two people, are you kidding me?” Mulrooney joked. “That’s huge. This is college sports in D.C. That’s huge.”
Does he know all the rules of American football? Well. Maybe.
(This is kind of in jest, a bit. If you are a diehard and humorless Maryland fan, or if you’re Randy Edsall, please just skip over this passage.)
The Post’s Roman Stubbs reported earlier this season that “leading up to his freshman season, Craddock helped teach himself the rules of American football by playing the Madden NFL video game.” No shame in that — I don’t know the rules of cricket, after all. But I was curious about this training.
“Just myself and my brother-in-law on the Xbox,” Craddock said. “We probably played 20-odd games, but we were so bad. I came here and played [long snapper] Christian Carpenter, and it was like 70-0. … I would never run the ball. I always was like ‘Why would you run the ball? You just get your guy hit up and you make six yards, and those 20-yard gains were so much better.’ So that’s all I did.”
Believe it or not, watching NFL and college games on his own and playing 20 or so games of Madden did not make Craddock an American football rules expert. So which rules did he initially struggle with?
“Most of them,” Craddock said.
“I don’t think you know all of them still, do you?” Mulrooney cracked.
“I know most of them,” Craddock said. “I remember my first day here, we practiced weird situations. It was all over my head. Take a safety? Throw the ball over my head, run to the corner and then step out of bounds or take a knee? … I didn’t have a clue what a safety was. I just stood there.”
“I feel like he’s my mother and I’m trying to guide him through it,” Mulrooney said. (And Evan’s mom, please don’t be mad at him.) “My mom doesn’t know football really well. So I’m like, ‘Do you understand this? Do you understand that?’ ”
And it wasn’t just the rules!
Renfro has fond memories of Craddock’s first experience putting on his football gear. Unsure what to do with his knee pads, he asked if they were meant to cover his pecs.
“Nahhh,” Renfro recalled telling the kicker. “So we kind of had to tell him where everything went. He caught on pretty quick, I feel like.”
But cultural unfamiliarity goes both ways.
And so we come to the point of our story in which Craddock and several football teammates are grilling hamburgers and hot dogs on the Maryland Quad — the same area filled with Wiffle ball games and Quidditch matches — and the Australian kicker is attempting to teach his football teammates to play cricket. Now, there are two versions of this story: the Mulrooney version, and the version that actually happened. The Mulrooney version begins with dumb jocks playing pickup baseball on the Quad.
“I think that was me,” Renfro pointed out.
“No no, just go with it,” Mulrooney said. “So there were these stupid jocks, and they were like, ‘heh heh, football players,’ and Brad was like ‘oh you guys don’t even play a real sport, where I’m from we play cricket,’ and they were like ‘huh, what’s cricket,’ and Brad was like ‘hold on,’ and he walks into the apartment, walks out with the bat, and he’s twirling it, like ‘you ever seen one of these bad boys?’, and he was like ‘throw me the ball,’ and he takes a step back, knocks it, hits it over Washington Hall, and from there they were like ‘Damn, let’s all play cricket,’ and then I think four of them quit [baseball] and started playing cricket in a pick-up league around here … and then I was like ‘high-five, Brad!’ and then 10 girls came over.”
And in the actual version?
“I did hit it over Washington Hall,” Craddock said.
But yeah, in real life, Craddock used kicker Adam Greene’s borrowed desk chair, a tennis ball and an actual cricket bat to teach a bunch of Maryland football players a new sport in the middle of Maryland’s campus. Mulrooney said he was so taken by the game that he later watched a six-hour match between Nepal and Bangladesh.
“I had nothing to do that day,” he added.
And it isn’t just cricket!
Craddock has also taught teammates the finer points of Australian Rules Football, which he also used to play, although he couldn’t convince them to watch the AFL championship game.
They also have practiced drop-kicking American footballs through the uprights. Craddock has connected from 52 yards. Mulrooney has not.
Craddock can’t get enough kicking film
“UAB vs. Little Sisters of the Poor will be on the TV,” said Mulrooney, who is not actually the subject of this blog item. “No one will be watching it. We’ll be doing homework. You’ll be talking to Brad. And he’ll just stop and stare. And then he looks back — ‘Oh, I’m sorry. They were kicking. I had to watch.’ ”
Meantime, Craddock’s family and friends are embracing the American game
“They actually love it,” he said. “They didn’t before, but now they’ll stream the games on ESPN. No one had ever seen it, but this week, I’ve been invited to three parties back home — Watch Brad’s Game!”
That’s right, there are three separate Maryland watch parties featuring Craddock supporters in Australia this week, featuring several dozen attendees. Sadly, the kicker — who actually received invites to these parties — had to pass along his regrets.
And do these Australian Terps fans know the rules of the American game?
“Definitely not,” Craddock said. “A lot of them will just watch when I kick.”
Dan Steinberg writes about all things D.C. sports at the D.C. Sports Bog.

Transmission projects of Rs 53K cr to be auc...GMR ENERGY
(The govt will auction eight…)
NEW DELHI: The government will auction eight contracts to set up power transmission projects worth Rs 53,000 crore in the biggest global bidding round ever since the sector was opened in 2010 and in the next three years.
The bidding will provide an opportunity to private firms like Tata Power , Reliance Infrastructure , Sterlite Energy , Larsen & Toubro, GMR Energy , Lanco Infratech and JSW Energy to bag mega transmission projects connecting several power plants to consumers.
The proposed schemes will benefit the power starved states of south India that face acute power transmission congestion.The transmission contracts include a 2,500-km long high capacity power evacuation link between Chhattisgarh and Tamil Nadu worth.`26,820 crore. The transmission system will facilitate inter-state transfer about 6,000-MW of electricity.
An empowered committee on transmission decided to bid these projects though the state-run Power Grid Corporation of India was keen to take them up on nomination basis, a senior government official said.
"The empowered committee on transmission has approved tariff-based competitive bidding of over Rs 53,000 crore power evacuation schemes. This is the biggest ever auction of power transmission projects in the past and in the near future. These are pending projects and have got accumulated for lack of decision and such large scale packages are not likely to be bid at least in the next three years," he said.
Electricity transmission in India is a monopoly of Power Grid Corp that owns and operates about 45% of inter-state transmission system. The government has decided that future inter-state transmission system schemes would be awarded under tariff-based competitive bidding.
The proposed schemes include a Rs 8,570 crore inter-regional transmission link to facilitate import of power from Maharashtra to Telengana and Andhra Pradesh.
A Rs 7,032-crore transmission system strengthening scheme beyond Vemagiri in Tamil Nadu has also been approved. A transmission line worth Rs 4,440 crore between Ajmer in Rajasthan till Moga in Punjab has also been proposed. Besides, two separate transmission lines connecting NTPC and Odisha Power Generating Corp have been planned.
FEATURED ARTICLES

G-20 summit opens in Australia; growth topsagendaPrime Minister Narendra Modi is in Australia to attend the G-20 summit.
By: Associated Press | Brisbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:35 am
As G-20 summit host Brisbane sweltered through a blistering heat wave, world leaders on Saturday got down to the business of cementing plans to drag a sagging global economy out of the doldrums.
The leaders of the world’s 20 largest economies are under pressure to take definitive action at this year’s summit, rather than simply producing a set of vague, unmeasurable goals. The International Monetary Fund has warned about a “new mediocre” for the world’s economy, and the G-20 – which represents around 85 percent of the global economy – has vowed to focus on a plan to add $2 trillion to world GDP.
US President Barack Obama touched down in Brisbane early Saturday to join the other leaders, with talks scheduled to begin in the afternoon.
The summit will conclude on Sunday with the release of an official communique, a rundown of what the countries have achieved and want to achieve in the future. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has repeatedly stressed that the main focus of the gathering is to show progress on a previously-announced plan of lifting the global GDP by 2 percent above predicted levels over the next five years. Each country is expected to present a comprehensive plan at the summit on how they will achieve that goal – but whether the communique will reveal any of those details is unclear.
Rights groups, meanwhile, are concerned that the country’s growth plans will focus on tough austerity measures, such as axing unemployment benefits, to hit the target, rather than proposing initiatives that would invest money in health, education and job growth. The Civil Society 20 group, or C20, wants assurances that the poor will benefit the most from the plans, estimating that the additional growth could lift 1 billion people out of poverty if it was poured into the poorest 20 percent of G-20 households.
“We know there’s a whole lot of pressure just to produce a two-page communique,” C20 chair Tim Costello said. “What we really need to know is the country by country plans and are they passing the sustainable test – the test of benefiting the bottom 20 percent of households in each G-20 country.”
World Bank President Jim Yong Kim said reducing inequality is a concern in nearly every developing country he has visited. Still, he suspects next year’s G-20 host, Turkey, would focus more heavily on developing country issues.
Meanwhile, the thousands of delegates and media that have descended upon the capital of Queensland – aptly dubbed the “Sunshine State” – have been greeted by a crushing heat wave, with temperatures expected to reach 40 degrees Celsius (104 Fahrenheit). Some of the sweat-stained police officers blanketing the city by the thousands have taken to dumping bottles of water on themselves to cope with the blazing sun.
More than two dozen protests have been planned to continued…

Clinton political network gathers amid 2016 talkFormer President Bill Clinton's political family gathered in Arkansas Friday, reminiscing about his two terms in office and relishing a first for his wife Hillary Clinton.
By: Associated Press | Arkansas | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:25 am
Former President Bill Clinton’s political family gathered in Arkansas Friday, reminiscing about his two terms in office and relishing a first for his wife, at a reunion steeped in 2016 politics.
What the future might mean for the couple depends heavily on Hillary Rodham Clinton’s decision on whether to attempt for a second time to run for president in 2016. If she does, the other question is to which the degree she would defend or distance herself from President Barack Obama and her husband’s terms in office.
Even as the Clinton allies streamed to Little Rock, Arkansas, the former first couple took a touch of friendly fire from Vice President Joe Biden, a potential Clinton presidential rival, on her husband’s record of creating jobs during the 1990s.
The Clintons often speak of having created 23 million jobs and cutting the poverty rate during Mr Clinton’s presidency. But in a speech Thursday, Biden highlighted that how that period is remembered will be important to Mrs. Clinton’s ambitions.
The “middle class started to get into trouble in the late ’80s,” Biden said. “All through the ’90s … the middle class was declining except the last two years.”
Republicans, still giddy about their midterm election triumph that handed them complete control of Congress, are busily preparing for 2016.
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul assembled his political team at a Washington hotel this week for strategy sessions while former President George W Bush has encouraged his brother, former Governor Jeb Bush, to run. Govs. Chris Christie of New Jersey, Scott Walker of Wisconsin and Bobby Jindal of Louisiana will head to Florida next week for an annual Republican Governors Association meeting replete with presidential overtones.
The activity signaled that while the Clintonites insisted on an upbeat focus on Mr Clinton’s presidential stewardship two decades ago, the 2016 presidential race has effectively begun.
Even in the Clintons’ orbit, unnamed former campaign operatives were reportedly trying to shape Mrs. Clinton’s 2016 campaign staff even before she has any such campaign. ABC News reported Friday that a Democrat on a private distribution list of ex-campaign staffers leaked bravado email exchanges between two former operatives the source does not support for senior roles in a potential Clinton campaign.
Indeed, the Clinton homecoming offered a window into one of the most extensive networks in American politics.
The event included appearances by Sandy Berger, Clinton’s former national security adviser; former Labor Secretary Alexis Herman; former White House chief of staff Erskine Bowles; and Gene Sperling, a top economic adviser in both the Clinton and Obama administrations.
The weekend was titled, “The Work Continues.”

NDA does a UPA: LPG sop will go directly to accountsYou are here: Home > Collections
New subsidy regime in New Year: LPG sop will go directly to accounts; pilot project starts today
Rajeev Jayaswal, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 06.33AM IST
(Oil Minister has now ordered…)
NEW DELHI: All consumers will have to buy cooking gas at market rates from New Year's Day as the government has issued firm instructions that the subsidy will be transferred directly to bank accounts as it seeks to end illicit supplies to restaurants, cars and factories, besides slashing the subsidy bill and boosting private investment.
After recently eliminating the diesel subsidy, which had ballooned to Rs 62,837 crore, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan has now ordered state oil companies to ensure that the scheme — which is being launched as a pilot on Saturday for 2.33 crore customers in 54 districts — is smoothly expanded to the entire country on January 1, 2015.
Some oil industry executives had expressed doubts about the successful rollout of the scheme to the entire country in barely six weeks of the launch in 54 districts after the UPA government botched up the programme after expanding it to 291 districts just before the general election. It had been forced to withdraw the programme after Congress leaders said it was costing them votes.
The oil ministry is, however, confident about success this time around. "The old DBTL (direct benefit transfer of LPG) scheme failed because Aadhaar number was made mandatory to avail subsidy. We have modified the scheme so that the consumer will not face any difficulty in getting subsidised cylinders," Pradhan told ET.
Under the modified DBTL, a consumer will be eligible for subsidised LPG cylinders even without the Aadhaar number, Pradhan said.
Embracing DBT Principle
Consumers without the unique ID will also receive cash directly in their bank accounts. They can switch to Aadhaar-based cash transfers once they have been enrolled by informing dealers and banks.
Customers have six months to tell LPG dealers their bank account numbers without losing the subsidy amount. While subsidised cylinders will be delivered to them in the first three months, they will have to buy at market rates after that. The subsidy will be remitted to their bank accounts within the next three months, officials said.
For the first subsidy payment, the money will be transferred to the bank account of consumers as soon as they make the first booking for a cylinder after joining the scheme, prior to delivery. This advance ensures that consumers have extra cash to pay for the first cylinder at market price. The permanent advance shall be notified for consumers now joining the scheme separately.
The move reflects the embrace of the direct benefits transfer principle introduced, albeit with limited success, by the UPA government. Aadhaar has meanwhile covered more than half the country's population.
"The UIDAI (Unique Identification Authority of India) has, till date, issued over 70.7 crore Aadhaar numbers," the government said in a release on Friday. "Nine states/UTs including Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Delhi and Himachal Pradesh have crossed 90% Aadhaar coverage, while a further seven states/UTs have Aadhaar coverage of between 70% and 90%."
In the 54 districts in which the pilot is being launched, 95% of consumers already have Aadhaar numbers. The new scheme ensures that consumers receive SMS alerts on their registered mobile numbers at every stage of enrollment in the scheme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dispute over will rocks law firm Amarchand Mangaldas; Shroff bros in legal battleDispute over will rocks law firm Amarchand Mangaldas; Shardul & Cyril Shroff in legal battle over assets
Vinod Mahanta & Maulik Vyas, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 06.45AM IST
Tags:
Amarchand Mangaldas
(Shardul, the managing partners…)
MUMBAI: Two of India's top lawyers, Shardul and Cyril Shroff, brothers who run the law firm Amarchand Mangaldas & Suresh A Shroff & Co (AMSS) could find themselves in a protracted legal battle over the assets and ownership of the law firm.
Shardul, the Delhi-based elder brother and one of the two managing partners of the country's largest corporate law firm, has approached the Bombay High Court seeking a direction to implement his late mother Bharti Shroff 's will.
The petition, which was filed on Friday, is the denouement of a dispute which has simmered for months and had become common knowledge in Mumbai's corporate, banking and legal circles.
Two of India's top bankers and a number of top industrialists are said to have acted as mediators in an attempt to resolve the matter. These attempts appear to have failed, at least for now.
When asked about the case in the high court, Cyril Shroff said he was yet to decide whether to accept the will. "I will never initiate any legal action which is public in nature, as it impacts the family and firm's name. I have not yet decided as to whether I am accepting the will or not. We are more focused on our clients, partners and people working with us, and for them there will be business as usual," he said. He declined comment on the details of the dispute.
"This is an internal family matter and we do not wish to comment on such issues," said Radhika Garg, head of corporate communications at the Delhi operations of Amarchand Mangaldas, headed by Shardul Shroff. Senior advocate MP Bharucha, whose law firm Bharucha & Partners is representing the elder brother in court, declined comment.
In the will which is at the heart of the dispute, Bharti, the wife of Suresh S Shroff, father of Cyril and Shardul, has willed her equity in the law firm and her personal wealth to elder son Shardul, a move that creates ambiguity in the ownership structure of the firm that was till her death run jointly by Cyril and Shardul. Currently, the Shroff brothers own around 60% in the firm with the rest being held by non-family equity partners.
Will Contradicts Family Pact
People privy to the developments say the will contradicts a 1994 family agreement under which Bharti Shroff 's ownership stake was to be equally divided between the two brothers. Further, her share in Amarchand Tower Properties, a partnership that owns properties in Delhi, has also been willed to Shardul Shroff.
  The ownership dispute has been discussed by members of Amarchand Mangaldas' management committee, according to people familiar with the matter. Two independent members (the committee has seven members in all), George Golding and James Abraham, recently moved a resolution that there cannot be ambiguity in the ownership of the firm and on principle of equality, Bharti Shroff's shares should be distributed equally between the two managing partners.
They also contended that family matters should not have any consequence for the firm. Sources said the resolution, which was circulated over email earlier this week, was passed 5:2 in Cyril Shroff 's favour. Cyril declined comment on the resolution.
AMSS is the country's largest law firm with over 600 lawyers and more than 80 partners. The firm has gone from strength to strength in the past decade fuelled by a M&A and banking finance boom, and Amarchand's next phase of growth was chalked out by consulting major BCG with the aim to reach a Rs 1,000-crore turnover, along with a bench strength of 100 partners and some 1,000 lawyers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chattishgarh deaths: Chemical used in rat poison found in antibioticsPM Modi's maiden election rally turns Srinagar into fortress
The PM is visiting Kashmir days after terrorists struck an Indian Army camp and other targets across the state Friday that left at least 21 people dead. Security forces had killed two LeT militants when they were trying to infiltrate into the city from the outskirts at Soura.

Kolkata: Getting sedatives inside Presidency jail is child s playGetting sedatives and drugs in Bengal jails is child’s play
Ravik Bhattacharya , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, November 15, 2014
First Published: 02:28 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 12:38 IST(15/11/2014)
Comments
Obtaining sedatives in Bengal jails is child's play, jail insiders told HT on Friday even as the city kept wondering how a high profile prisoner lodged in a high-security cell in a central jail could procure a large number of sedatives to attempt suicide in a cell guarded by two sentries round the clock.
Ghosh was lodged in a specially guarded cell in Presidency central jail under the cell- block known as 'Poila Baish' (number 1 to 22). His neighbours included top Maoist leaders, terror accused and gangsters.
"Getting your hand on sedatives is easy at a place from where android phones, alcohol and heroin are freely available for a price. This is despite how highly guarded one cell is," said a source inside Presidency central jail.
His cell was raided by jail authorities on Thursday evening and thoroughly searched, which further infuriated him. The jail officers, however, could not find anything to raise suspicion. Hours later, Ghosh had a large number of sleeping pills and lay on the floor alerting the sentries.
Ghosh, according to sources, was used to medications for different ailments he suffered including sleeplessness. In fact, according to insiders, he was seen not being able to sleep at night for the past two days. Insiders, some of whom talked with him, said he was visibly frustrated.
Some of the sleeping pills he had were prescribed and given by a jail doctor who regularly monitored him, but the bulk, sources said, he got from'other sources' available behind bars.
Jail authorities posted two sentries near the gate of his cell since Monday, when he declared that within three days he would commit suicide if 'the real culprits' were not arrested. The jail doctor too made rounds of his cell. 
"Despite all the heightened security he was able to get his hands on the sleeping pills easily. There is a system inside the jail which allows an inmate to get what he wants," said a jail officer.
Sedatives and psychotropic drugs are among the items in high demand and freely available behind bars. Many inmates are addicted to them. A strip of such pills is available for Rs. 50 to Rs. 100 extra behind bars.
From writers (inmates who work in the jail office), to wardens and common inmates get these medicines from outside or sometimes they are channeled from jail hospital itself. These are sold to inmates who use these regularly.
A network of prisoners and guards operate in all central jails including Presidency, which makes it easy for inmates to get their hands on high-end cell phones to heroine. Even high security inmates use android phones from behind bars, connecting even internationally, even to online chat using Skype, V-chat, Viber, Tango and other applications. Whatsapp and Facebook are also common.
Android phones are easily obtained at Rs. 1500 extra and SIM cards are available at Rs. 150 to Rs. 200. One can also get their hands on specially cooked food, alcohol, narcotics of one's choice at a marginal premium rate.
Roaring business of such items goes on behind bars and inmates just contact a group and the 'goods' are delivered at the cell or at the ward.

7.3 quake in Indonesia  tsunami warning issuedIndonesia
("Tsunami waves are possible…)
JAKARTA: A 7.3-magnitude earthquake rocked the Maluku Islands in eastern Indonesia Saturday, the US Geological Survey said, prompting authorities to issue a tsunami warning.
The undersea quake struck at a depth of 46 kilometres (28 miles) at 10:31 am (0231 GMT), 154 kilometres northwest of Kota Ternate, the USGS said.
"Tsunami waves are possible for coasts located within 300 kilometres," said the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center .
The centre said tsunami waves could hit parts of Indonesia, as well the Philippines , Japan, Taiwan and islands in the South Pacific.
Tsunami waves between 30 centimetres (12 inches) and one metre could hit parts of Indonesia, said the centre, while waves below 30 centimetres were forecast for the coasts of the Philippines, the centre said.
"We have issued an early tsunami warning," an official from Indonesia's meteorological agency told AFP.
Indonesia sits on the Pacific "Ring of Fire" where continental plates collide, causing frequent seismic and volcanic activity.
A huge undersea quake in 2004 triggered a tsunami that killed more than 170,000 people in Aceh province, on western Sumatra island, and tens of thousands more in other countries with coasts on the Indian Ocean.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a priority: PMPM Modi's maiden election rally turns Srinagar into fortress
The PM is visiting Kashmir days after terrorists struck an Indian Army camp and other targets across the state Friday that left at least 21 people dead. Security forces had killed two LeT militants when they were trying to infiltrate into the city from the outskirts at Soura.

Does cheap gas mean bigger shopping spreesBy Sarah Halzack November 14 Follow @sarahhalzack
A driver fills up at a gas station in Sacramento, Calif. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
As gas prices hover at their lowest level in years, economists and analysts have suggested that this should be good news for the retail industry. With more money in their pockets, perhaps consumers would get off the sidelines and start spending more at shopping malls and restaurants.
New data released Friday by the Commerce Department shows that shoppers indeed loosened their purse string in October, as retail sales rose a healthy 0.3 percent to $444.5 billion. And the gains were broad-based: The only categories to see a decline in sales were gasoline and electronics. The gasoline drop, of course, is entirely logical given the decline in prices, and the electronics decline is also easy to explain: Apple's iPhone 6 and 6+ were released in September, making October a challenging month, comparatively.
This table offers a closer look at last month's results:
October 2014 retail sales data. (Courtesy of U.S. Commerce Department)
Thursday offered another signal that fuel prices are giving retailers a boost. In its third-quarter earnings report, Wal-Mart said its sales rose for the first time in seven quarters . Executives said low prices at the pump were crucial to that turnaround, giving their shoppers a nudge to spend big on seasonal events such as back-to-school and Halloween. It's also noteworthy that Wal-Mart's sales didn't increase because they saw an uptick in shoppers -- in fact, foot traffic was down in its U.S. stores by 0.7 percent. But average tickets rose 1.2 percent, suggesting consumers were spending more when they set foot in a Wal-Mart store.
Both of these reports offer encouraging signs for the retail industry as it heads into its most important stretch of the year. The retail industry has had somewhat of a sluggish year as consumers have remained fiercely committed to hunting for discounts .  If these data are any indication, this extra disposable income may just be the shot in the arm they've been looking for.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economic news.

People Still Aren t Downloading iOS 8reddit
People don't seem to be in a hurry to download Apple's latest mobile operating system.
Apple on Tuesday said that 56 percent of people who visited the App store on November 10 were using devices running iOS 8, up just 9 percent since Apple last released figures more than a month ago.
iOS 8 came out on September 17, and while people initially rushed to download it, adoption quickly slowed . After only four days of being out, 46 percent of people visiting the App store had downloaded it. But two weeks later, that number had climbed only 1 percentage point.
It's difficult to compare the most recent official adoption figures from Apple to figures from last year, because it doesn't appear that Apple released these numbers in November 2013. But Mixpanel , a mobile analytics company, also keeps track of iOS adoption. Mixpanel's analysis of the percentage of iOS devices running iOS 8 on November 10 was 57.88 percent , close to Apple's.
At this time last year, iOS 7 was on 75.5 percent of iPhones , according to Mixpanel. (Apple did release figures December 5, 2013 that said iOS 7 adoption had hit 74 percent ; it does not appear that iOS 8 will reach that in the next three weeks.)
iOS 8 had a rough start, which could contribute to a reluctance to download it. The long-awaited Health app wasn't compatible with third party apps at launch , but the update to fix it was even buggier -- it rendered some new iPhones pretty much useless , and Apple made the rare move of pulling the update, which led to oodles of bad publicity .
Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Wednesday.
iOS 8 also isn't a huge departure from iOS 7, the way that iOS 7 was a complete redesign from iOS 6. So some people probably don't feel a huge need to download it. Apple Pay, which is the biggest new feature of iOS 8, only works on the newest devices.
John Gruber, a prominent Apple blogger, wrote last month that slow adoption of iOS 8 is because of storage space -- it can take a whopping five gigabytes of free space to update the operating system via Wifi. How many people have that free space on their phones to dedicate to upgrading the OS?
Still, Apple is breaking records with its latest iPhone models. All of the newest iPhones come with iOS 8, so that number should be boosted by the people who are visiting the App Store with their new phones.
If you have an older iPhone and it's working well, you should think twice about downloading the latest operating system. As I wrote about last month, operating systems are designed for the latest and greatest hardware , and tend not to run as well on older phones.
More:

Google Creates A Smart Way To Make Sure You Don t Forget Plansreddit
One of the world's biggest technology companies wants to help you be a better human -- as long as you let it read your email. A new feature launching Wednesday in an updated version of the search giant's Android app will automatically keep track of casual invitations in your Gmail inbox so you don't miss them.
Here's what that means: If you get an email from a friend asking if you want to grab dinner next Thursday at 7 p.m., the updated version of Google Now will recognize it as an invitation. It will then prompt you to add the plan to your calendar, and will display reminders for you. This feature will continuously look through your Gmail inbox for invitations like this that you haven't yet put on your calendar -- "half-baked plans," as a Google representative described them to The Huffington Post -- and ask you about them.
A look at the Google app update.
Aside from the "half-baked plans" feature, the new update to the Google app will include a few other things for users to play with. On Android devices running the new Lollipop operating system, the app will have a fresh look and will, on certain devices, respond when you say "OK Google" out loud. All Android users will have access to a new search feature that interacts with other apps -- so you can, for example, ask your phone to search on Tumblr for something, and it'll know to use your Tumblr app.
Google also hasn't forgotten about its iOS users: Though other features are Android-only, the app update also will include a cross-platform "coin flip" feature, so you can say "OK Google, flip a coin" and it will... do that. Awesome?
The app overhaul -- particularly the "half-baked plans" feature -- marks the latest in a series of updates from Google that aim to anticipate your needs and handle tedious scheduling or other work without you having to get directly involved. For instance, if you've enabled the Google Now service and search for Chicago Bears tickets, you can expect the app to automatically provide scores for completed games, as well as dates for upcoming ones, from that point forward.
Convenient though the automated data collection may be, it doesn't come without certain privacy concerns . Following Google's acquisition of Nest -- a company that makes "smart" home electronics, such as a thermostat that " programs itself " based on your habits -- critics have voiced concerns about what have been described as the tech giant's increasing " surveillance " capabilities.
A representative for the company told HuffPost that Wednesday's new feature operates in the same way that previous Google Now features did, and that it won't present new privacy concerns for users who have already given the app access to their personal information and email.
Google faced a lawsuit last year over accusations that the company scans its users' Gmail accounts to serve advertisements. Earlier this year, a judge ruled that the case could not proceed as a class action , however -- a win for Google.
More:

Manorama mercilessly torturedencounters
She was found dead with multiple gun shot injuries on her private parts and thighs at Ngariyan Yairipok Road, hardly two km away from a police station, states the report.
The judicial inquiry report on the murder of Thangjam Manorama, a Manipuri girl, in 2004, handed over to the Supreme Court recently after being kept under wraps for over a decade, reveals the “brutal and merciless torture” by a 17 Assam Rifles team.
The murder gave renewed impetus to calls for withdrawal of the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act.
After a decade of remaining under wraps, the report by the Judicial Inquiry Commission graphically reveals the last hours of “brutal and merciless torture” Manipuri village girl, Thangjam Manorama, suffered at the hands of a team from the 17th Assam Rifles before she was shot dead.
The Manorama case led to widespread protests against the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA) and spurred calls for a review of the law, especially by the Justice J.S. Verma Committee in 2013.
The report, submitted to the State government way back in December 2004, was never made public.
This week, the government handed it over to the Supreme Court. The court had demanded it as part of a hearing on a PIL seeking probe into custodial deaths in the north-east States.
“This is one of the most shocking custodial killing of a Manipuri village girl,” C. Upendra Singh, retired District and Sessions Judge, Manipur, who was Chairman of the Commission, wrote.
He describes how Manorama was picked up by “a strong-armed troops of 17th Assam Rifles” in the night between July 10-11, 2004 from her home in Imphal East District. She was found dead with multiple gun shot injuries on her private parts and thighs at Ngariyan Yairipok Road, hardly two km away from a police station.
The report details how the incidents of the night started with her younger brother, Thangjam Basu, watching the Hindi film Raju Chacha half past midnight, heard some noise outside. Within the next few minutes, the Assam Rifles party crashed into the house. The report said that Manorama, who was “clutching on to her mother Khumaleima”, was dragged out screaming “Ima Ima Khamu (mother, mother please stop them)”.
The report said she was tortured on her front porch, as the family watched. It said how Basu remembers hearing his sister's “muffled and dimmed voice saying Ie Khangde (do not know)” to the troops' questions. It said the men then took her away to “places”.
The report said that the two FIRs filed by the 17th Assam Rifles claimed she led them to recover Kenwood and Chinese grenades and an AK 47 rifle. It said she tried to escape and was shot in the legs. The FIRs claimed she had bled and died.
The Commission report blamed the police for leaving the investigation to the “discretion and mercy” of the Assam Rifles. It narrated how the Assam Rifles had invoked the AFSPA with the Enquiry Commission.
Mr. Singh said he countered that his enquiry was only a fact-finding exercise, and sanction under Section 6 of AFSPA would only come later when the personnel is found to have done wrong.
The Commission said not a single one of the 16 bullets fired at Manorama hit her legs. The report called the escape story a “naked lie.”
The report said most of the injuries would reveal that she was shot when “helpless”. It said some injuries suggest sexual assault too. The Commission had examined 37 witnesses.

Clamour for RBI rate cut grows as inflation easesEasing inflation makes case for RBI rate cut in December
Rajesh Kumar Singh     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 16:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The country's inflation dropped to a new multi-year low in October, helped by slower annual rises in food and fuel prices, intensifying pressure on the central bank to cut interest rates to encourage spending and investment needed to boost growth.
The wholesale price index (WPI) based inflation rose an annual 1.77 per cent in October, its lowest level since September 2009, compared with the 2.20 per cent forecast by economists in a Reuters poll.
WPI inflation data comes days after the government reported that retail (or CPI-based) inflation had dropped to 5.52 per cent in October, below the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) 6 per cent target for January 2016.
"With inflation at or under 6 per cent we think RBI is likely to face pressure to ease, not just from the government, but also from RBI's own policy committee," said Devika Mehndiratta, a senior economist at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group in Singapore.
The economist expects retail inflation to hit a low of close to 4 per cent in November, opening up an opportunity for an interest rate cut of 25 basis points in the second quarter of 2015.
Businesses and corporates in the country have been pleading for a cut in interest rates to stimulate consumption in the economy, which is mostly domestic demand-driven.
Consumer goods output - a proxy for consumer demand that drives 60 per cent of the domestic economy - has grown in just two of the last 21 months. It fell an annual 4.0 per cent in September.
The central bank is meeting on December 2 for its next monetary policy review, having kept the key repo rate steady at 8.0 per cent since January.
A Reuters poll in October had shown that economists expected rates to be held unchanged until well into 2015, due to worries that price pressures would revive once a favourable base effect fades out and food prices rise after poor rains in the summer.
Bond traders are betting on one of the biggest interest rate reductions among major emerging markets once the rate cutting cycle begins.
The 10-year benchmark bond yield had dropped 36 basis points since October 1 until the last session on hopes of a rate cut.
(Reuters)

NASA tests 3D-printed rocket engine partsNASA tests 3D-printed rocket engine parts
PTI     Washington   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 16:53 IST
Engineers complete hot-fire testing with two 3-D printed rocket injectors. Photo: NASA
NASA has successfully tested 3D manufactured copper parts for rocket engines and found they could withstand the heat and pressure required for space launches.
Aerojet Rocketdyne (AR) at NASA's Glenn Research Centre in partnership with NASA successfully completed the first hot-fire tests on an advanced rocket engine thrust chamber assembly using copper alloy materials.
This was the first time a series of rigorous tests confirmed that 3-D manufactured copper parts could withstand the heat and pressure required of combustion engines used in space launches, NASA said.
In all, NASA and AR conducted 19 hot-fire tests on four injector and thrust chamber assembly configurations, exploring various mixture ratios and injector operability points and were deemed fully successful against the planned test programme.
"The successful hot fire test of subscale engine components provides confidence in the additive manufacturing process and paves the way for full scale development," said Tyler Hickman, lead engineer for the test at Glenn.
The work is a major milestone in the development and certification of different materials used in this manufacturing process, NASA said.
According to AR, copper alloys offer unique challenges to the additive manufacturing processes. The micro-structure and material properties can be well below typical copper.
So they have worked through a regimented process to optimise and lock down processing characteristics and have performed rigorous materials tests to know how the alloy performs structurally.
"Additively manufactured metal propulsion components are truly a paradigm shift for the aerospace industry," said Paul Senick, Glenn project manager.
"NASA and its commercial partners continue to invest in additive manufacturing technologies, which will improve efficiency and bring down the cost of space launches and other earth applications," said Senick.

FIPB clears HDFC Bank s proposal to hike FDI limitFIPB clears HDFC Bank's proposal to hike foreign holding limit to 74 per cent
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 17:48 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) on Friday cleared the long- pending proposal of HDFC Bank to hike foreign holding in the bank to 74 per cent.
The foreign investment body on Friday considered and approved HDFC Bank 's proposal to raise foreign investment ceiling to 74 per cent, officials said after the meeting of the FIPB .
The FDI regulator is of the view that HDFC Bank's parent company HDFC's 22 per cent holding in the bank is FDI and hence total foreign holding is 73.39 per cent, which includes FII, FDI, ADR and GDR. So, the bank has little headroom to raise funds from foreign investors, the official said.
Late 2013, HDFC Bank had approached the FIPB for increasing the foreign holding in the bank to 67.55 per cent from 49 per cent.
However, the proposal was not cleared by the FIPB as the Finance and Industry ministry was of the view that the parent company's 22 per cent holding in the bank is FDI . Taking into consideration the 22 per cent parent holding as FDI, the total foreign holding was more than 67.55 per cent when they approached the FIPB for the first time.
Following clarification sought by FIPB earlier in 2014 the private lender sent a revised proposal raising its foreign holding ceiling request to 74 per cent, from its earlier proposal of 67.55 per cent.
Further, the proposal of pharma company Sanofi was cleared by FIPB in Friday's meeting along with Punj Llyod's proposal to enter into defence space.

Salvador Dali Made An Erotic Cookbook  And It s A Doozyreddit
When he wasn't delivering lectures in a deep sea diving suit, designing fur-lined bathtubs , filling his Rolls-Royce with cauliflower or, you know, creating one of the world's most mind-bending troves of surrealist art, Salvador Dali made a cookbook.
Yes, in 1973 Dali created a colorful cookbook entitled Les Diners de Gala, lavishly illustrated by the surrealist master himself. If you're expecting a classic survey of healthy American eats, however, you best look elsewhere -- somewhere far, far away for that matter. Dali's compendium is divided into 12 chapters, each discussing a specific variety of foods, from shellfish to aphrodisiacs. The book is an overflowing ode to sipping, nipping and swallowing, a delightfully erotic take on supper time.
Les Dîners de Gala, Salvador Dali; René Toutain, Max Gérard (designers), Draeger, Éditeur, Paris, 1973, from Design Mavericks
Dali's preface, which we found on Brain Pickings , details his aims in creating the treatise on taste and pleasure. Dieters, be warned:
"We would like to state clearly that, beginning with the very first recipes, Les Diners de Gala, with its precepts and its illustrations, is uniquely devoted to the pleasures of Taste. Don’t look for dietetic formulas here.
We intend to ignore those charts and tables in which chemistry takes the place of gastronomy. If you are a disciple of one of those calorie-counters who turn the joys of eating into a form of punishment, close this book at once; it is too lively, too aggressive, and far too impertinent for you."
Les Dîners de Gala, Salvador Dali; René Toutain, Max Gérard (designers), Draeger, Éditeur, Paris, 1973, from Design Mavericks
The book's contents range from discussions of the grotesque shapelessness and immorality of spinach to the masterful tool that is the human jaw. Recipes include exotic and experimental eats like Thousand Year Old Eggs, Crayfish Consomme and Conger of the Rising Sun (which is an eel.)
Below we've included the recipe for Casanova Cocktail, a simple and not quite so bizarre option from the tome. Surrealism, we find, works better in art than in dining options.
CASANOVA COCKTAIL
The juice of 1 orange
1 tablespoon bitters (Campari)

Damaging Hinduism in name of Hindutva might be Modi regimes greatest crimeprint
Narendra Modi reads a document as he attends the East Asia Summit Plenary Session at the Myanmar International Convention Center in Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw. (AFP Photo)
Globalisation is usually perceived from two standpoints: One focuses on the political economy and governance and the other on the politics of knowledge and culture. The current government under Narendra Modi confronts both but is more avid in its recognition of governance. Oddly, it defines governance often in cultural terms emphasising civic virtues like cleanliness and punctuality. The government, in fact, rode to power emphasising that the key words the Congress likes — secularism and nationalism —were empty and hypocritical. A huge majority felt coerced by these terms because it sought to repress their imagination. Nehruvian modernity, in its later incarnations, created an epidemic of discontent and the BJP rode to power exploiting this sense of malaise. What brought Modi to power is a Hindu, majoritarian, aspirational middle class. Electoral majoritarianism erected the Modi regime but it is the very culture of democracy that haunts it.
Firstly, democratic regimes have to face the contradictions of electoralism. Majorities often feel treated as minorities and, when they come to power, assert their majoritarianism not just demographically but culturally. Minorities today feel afraid of Modi and his regime because they feel electoral democracy may not safeguard their culture, livelihoods or their rights anymore. The regime has provided few assurances for such anxieties.
In fact, what trouble us today are not the regime’s statements but its silence. While Modi acts as a politician wearing the corsets of governance, his array of supporters are asserting a cultural hegemony. Opponents of Modi are peremptorily told to join the train to Pakistan. By default Modi is giving the RSS, the VHP and the Bajrang Dal a free reign. Their freedom to express is important but what one sees is growing authoritarianism, symbolic threats in terms of cultural hegemony.
For instance, the domain of education is getting peppered with little examples of saffron history and culture. But the media does not give place to a full-fledged critique of such projects. Modi himself seems to be confusing history, myth and folklore. Modi and his supporters have to realise that science is not a tool of fundamentalism, and when science is understood so instrumentally, it affects expectations from science. Science eventually seeks new knowledge. It is not a spring cleaning experiment.
Today the regime allows for a new sense of religion and religiosity. I think this is welcome. Yet there are dangers here. Firstly, our civilisation is pluralistic and syncretic. Hindu is an all-encompassing, all-embracing word. It is hospitable to other creeds and faiths. Modi and groups like RSS are semiticising Hinduism, tending to create uniformity, trying to reduce it to a catechism of dos and don’ts when Hinduism is an open ended way of life. Damaging Hinduism in the name of Hindutva might be the regime’s greatest crime.
To be sure, many in the majority today feel easier about themselves. Secularism has been absent-minded about justice, one-sided in its advocacy of suffering. It talks about dissent in Kashmir, often glorifies separatists but ignores the Kashmiri Pandit displaced from his home. Such unfairness needs to be rectified. However, it cannot be done by erring on the other side.
This brings us to the fact that development Modi-style can be hegemonic. The Modi model of development is rooted in Gujarat, where development is offered as a project of erasure, an invitation to citizenship in return for the ritual of forgetting the riots. Secondly, such development has little place for the secondary and the defeated.
The new aspiring class that Modi represents is in a hurry. It does not want to wait and is often ready to prioritise mobility over justice. Development, whatever the model, needs a theory of ethics and suffering, and the current regime lacks this. It abolished the Planning Commission but at least the presence of the institution allowed for debates on poverty and livelihood. All we now confront is void and silence. The debate around NREGA is proof of this. No doubt it was corrupt, inefficient but it did provide a space.
One can appreciate the government’s effort to remove outdated laws but erasing institutions needs deeper thought, debate. Bandwagons of erasure are not the answer.
For observers like me, the government needs to rethink culture, the culture of institutions and culture of the nation-state to be truly democratic. An emphasis on narrow governance can hide these sins.
 

Reliance Ent plans to acquire Western game s...Reliance Entertainment plans to acquire Western game studios in 2015
Reuters Nov 15, 2014, 03.27AM IST
Tags:
Anil Dhirubhai Ambani
(Reliance Entertainment…)
Reliance Entertainment plans to begin acquiring North American and European mobile game studios starting in early 2015, in hopes of becoming a significant global player in the fast-growing mobile games industry.
The company, which is the biggest stakeholder in DreamWorks Animation Studios, is in talks with bankers to identify and acquire up-and-coming mobile game studios in North America and Europe to boost sales, Chief Executive Manish Agarwal told Reuters in a phone interview.
"We will go full steam in the January and February time frame in terms of identifying studios," Agarwal said. "Gaming is going to be the largest share of the pie of entertainment time spent, and Reliance would like to be a sizeable player in that space."
Reliance Entertainment is a unit of Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani, one of largest conglomerates, with businesses ranging from financial services to infrastructure and power. Its Reliance Games unit is looking at smaller studios at $2 million to $5 million a pop, at least initially, according to Agarwal.
Agarwal said the potential for Reliance Games is "huge."
"In three years, our business will make $50 million in net revenue, and in five years we'll be a $100 million company," he said. Net revenue is after cuts taken by app stores from Google, Apple and others.
Reliance Games, which to date has focused on making titles related to Hollywood properties in partnership with studios such as Warner Bros, Sony and Lions Gate, hopes to use acquisitions to expand into other genres, Agarwal said. Genres of interest include real-time action strategy akin to Supercell's "Clash of Clans," puzzlers like King's "Candy Crush Saga," builder games like Supercell's "Boom Beach," and social casino games.
Reliance Games develops its own titles at its Pune-based studio in India as well as partnering with other game studios. With about 50 million downloads, its most successful game franchise has been "Real Steel," with action titles based on the DreamWorks movie with the same name featuring Hugh Jackman.
In the face of competition from larger and more seasoned players such as King and Japan's GungHo Online Entertainment, Reliance has yet to make waves in a competitive mobile gaming space that investors worry is a fickle, hit-driven business.
  Agarwal, who did not identify targets, made it clear that Reliance does not want studios that could be one-hit wonders, such as OMGPOP, which was acquired by Zynga for $200 million but shut down over a year later.
Reliance Games wants nimble studios of five to 12 members and that are "one game away from creating that elusive hit and looking to scale," Agarwal said. "If the game is already doing good, the shelf life of the game could be six to 12 months."
Currently, about 70 percent of Reliance Game's revenue comes from North America, the UK, Russia and Korea, and about 20 percent from India, mostly from games offered through telecom carriers rather than app stores.
"For us, it is not an India story as yet as the opportunity lies in growing globally, Agarwal said. "India is the fastest growing market in terms of Android and gaming is going to compete with TV watch. ... What China is today, India will be in the next 24 to 36 months."
FEATURED ARTICLES

IIM-A plans lesson in diversity from next yearB-school
(Apart from wooing foreigners,…)
MUMBAI: From next year, students of the Indian Institute of Management in Ahmedabad are likely to rub shoulders with a more diverse set of batchmates, including foreigners.
Even as MBA aspirants gear up to crack the Common Admission Test on Sunday, IIM-A is ready with new initiatives to widen diversity in the classroom. Apart from wooing foreigners , the elite B-school is introducing deferred admissions — offering guaranteed seats to freshers who agree to get work experience — attempts to encourage diversity and deal with what director Ashish Nanda calls "homogeneity" in the classroom.
"Our objective is to educate leaders of enterprises. We find the students learn to be better leaders when the classroom they come into has a richness and diversity of experience," says Nanda, the first director to be hired from an overseas institute in IIM-A's 53-year history. Nanda, who worked at Harvard Business School for over 13 years before moving to Harvard Law School, has loosely modelled the deferred admissions policy on the 2+2 programme at Harvard.
Freshers who get admission at IIM-A from the 2015-17 session will — if the institute feels they would benefit from the experience — be given the choice of coming back in two years after gaining relevant work experience. The institute will guarantee their seat when they return.
"The Indian psyche often is that you try and finish your entire formal education at one go. If a student works really hard and manages to get into IIM-A, they don't want to take the risk of forfeiting their seat," observes Nanda. "We are trying to change that by reserving seats for some bright students without work experience while they go and get some work experience before joining. That way, the students benefit, as do their classes."
Globally, top business schools look for diversity of age, work experience, gender, ethnicity and culture to enhance the classroom experience and bring together students from varied backgrounds. The IIMs have been trying to get a more diverse mix as well.
First Year will be More of a Test Run
While efforts to get a better proportion of women have been bearing fruit of late, they are still faced with a preponderance of engineers and freshers or people with very little work experience. Attempts to bring in more international students have not really paid off either.
"With limited diversity comes a limited pool of differential thinking and with limited experience comes a bit of immaturity in terms of how the business world works.
Therefore, the time required for companies like us to train them is more than grads from institutes like Harvard and INSEAD, who hit the ground running. This is definitely a great idea on IIM-A's part," says IIM-A alumni Suresh Subudhi, partner and director at the Boston Consulting Group in India.
IIM-A's board has just approved a quota for admitting international students, setting aside additional seats equivalent to 10% of the regular class size for them. This supernumerary quota has so far been used primarily by technical institutes such as the National Institutes of Technology through the MHRD's DASA (Direct Admissions of Students Abroad) scheme. Nanda says that the first year will be more of a test run since they intend to focus on getting a high quality of foreign students.
The institute will soon kick off efforts to attract international students by reaching out to consulates as well as top-rated institutes of targeted countries, initially the littoral states of the Indian Ocean, as well as South and East Africa, the Middle-East, Southeast Asia, and SAARC countries.
"Based on informal interactions, we have already received positive responses," says Nanda. "For instance, Bhutan said it would be eager to give scholarships to students from there who made it to IIM-A. I received similar feedback when visiting Dubai recently," he says. Shikha Sharma, MD & CEO of Axis Bank and an IIM-A alumni, said it was a good move to have a more diverse classroom.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Protests over low cane price  BJP high crime rate rocksHouseSpeaker Mata Prasad Pandey at Vidhan Sabha, in Lucknow on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Vishal Srivastav)
By: Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:42 am
The winter session of the Uttar Pradesh Assembly began Friday on a stormy note with opposition disrupting the proceedings and staging a walkout over poor law and order and no hike in state advised price (SAP) for sugarcane leading to the adjournment of the House till Monday.
As the House assembled, BJP and RLD workers trooped to the well carrying placards with anti-government slogans over poor law and order situation in the state. BJP also demanded that the SAP for sugarcane be raised to Rs 350 per quintal.  Leader of Opposition and BSP member
Swami Prasad Maurya too lodged his protest before staging a walkout with party members. Congress members demanded clearance of cane dues and power cut exemption for Bundelkhand region. While several Congress members including its leader Pradeep Mathur, Akhilesh
Pratap Singh and Aradhana Mishra remained on their seats, the remaining trooped to the well but returned after a short while.
As BJP members kept raising slogans, Parliamentary Affairs Minister Azam Khan responded terming the opposition parties as “nikamma (idle)” “Yeh sadan ki karyavahi par jhadu pher rahe hain (They are wasting the time of the House,” he said.
Speaker Mata Prasad Pandey adjourned the House for 10 minutes and later extended it by another 10 minutes.
When the House reassembled at 11:30am,  the BSP returned to the House but BJP members continued their sit-in in the well leading to disorder. As all appeals of the Speaker failed to restore order, he rushed through the agenda for the day and adjourned the House for the day wrapping up the day’s proceedings in just over 45 minutes in which state government tabled six ordinances and two bills.
Principal Secretary Pradeep Dubey also presented on the floor of the House the Constitution (one hundred and twenty first amendment) Bill 2014 as passed by the Parliament. The Bill is related to the constitution of National Judicial Appointments Commission for recommending the appointment and transfer of judges in supreme court and high courts.
In another development, Dubey informed the House that the President has not given his consent for the Uttar Pradesh state minority education institution Authority (Rajya Alpsankhyak Shiksha Sanstha Pradhikaran) Bill, 2011. The Bill was passed during previous Mayawati regime in 2011. It was tabled by the then minister of state for minority welfare Anees Ahmed Khan on February 21, 2011 and a day later legislative council also passed it.
The Bill relates to constitution of a state authority whose main function was to advice government on matters related to education of minorities, redressal of complaints regarding functioning of minority educational institutions and reviewing the educational rights of minorities. The six member authority was to be headed by Principal Secretary Minorities welfare.

Half-million refugees in Kenya hit by UNshortagePrint
By: Associated Press | United Nations | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:42 am
Half a million refugees in Kenya are being forced to go on half rations as the World Food Program scrambles for funding amid an unprecedented number of major emergencies around the globe.
Senior spokesman Steve Taravella says the UN food agency is increasingly taking this last-resort measure as the world body responds to five of the most severe humanitarian crises. They are Syria, Iraq, South Sudan, Central African Republic and West Africa with the Ebola outbreak.
Taravella says WFP expects it will be forced to reduce rations in other places.
With the cut, the 500,000 refugees mostly from South Sudan and Somalia will receive a food ration of just over 1,000 calories a day through the end of January, when a United States food donation is expected to arrive.

7.3-magnitude quake in Indonesia  tsunami warningissuedPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Jakarta | Posted: November 15, 2014 10:16 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 11:06 am
A 7.3-magnitude earthquake rocked the Maluku Islands in eastern Indonesia on Saturday, the US Geological Survey said, prompting authorities to issue a tsunami warning.
The undersea quake struck at a depth of 46 kilometres at 10:31 am (0231 GMT), 154 kilometres northwest of Kota Ternate, the USGS said.
“Tsunami waves are possible for coasts located within 300 kilometres,” said the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center.
The centre said tsunami waves could hit parts of Indonesia, as well the Philippines, Japan, Taiwan and islands in the South Pacific.
Tsunami waves between 30 centimetres and one metre could hit parts of Indonesia, said the centre, while waves below 30 centimetres were forecast for the coasts of the Philippines, the centre said.
“We have issued an early tsunami warning,” an official from Indonesia’s meteorological agency told AFP.
Indonesia sits on the Pacific “Ring of Fire” where continental plates collide, causing frequent seismic and volcanic activity.
A huge undersea quake in 2004 triggered a tsunami that killed more than 170,000 people in Aceh province, on western Sumatra island, and tens of thousands more in other countries with coasts on the Indian Ocean.

China  Myanmar sign $7.8 billion of deals: R...Agriculture
(The deals made on Friday…)
BEIJING: China and Myanmar signed deals worth $7.8 billion for energy, agriculture , telecommunications , infrastructure and finance during Chinese Premier Li Keqiang's visit to the Southeast Asian country, state media reported on Saturday.
The deals made on Friday include an agreement to build natural gas power plants, as well as $300 million in small-scale loans for agriculture, said the official China Daily newspaper.
China and Myanmar also agreed to set up an electricity cooperation committee, with the aim of keeping energy projects on track. In 2011, President Thein Sein suspended the $3.6 billion, Chinese-led Myitsone dam project, some 90 percent of whose power would have gone to China.
The project has not been resumed.
China and Myanmar have traditionally had close ties, with Myanmar relying on its powerful northern neighbour for economic and diplomatic support when it was under wide-reaching Western sanctions, before embarking on political reforms four years ago.
Since taking power in March 2011, Myanmar's reformist government has sought to decrease its dependence on China, which was cemented during years of Western sanctions put in place in response to human rights abuses carried out by the ruling junta.
China has watched nervously as the new government has courted the United States, and Beijing has been stung by criticism that it is only interested in Myanmar for its natural resources and that its investment has come at a huge cost, with criticism focused on a gas and oil pipeline and hydroelectricity projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bringing back black money at top of agenda says PM ModiBringing back black money at top of agenda, says PM Modi
PTI  Brisbane, November 15, 2014
First Published: 09:06 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 10:54 IST(15/11/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said repatriation of black money kept abroad is a "priority" for his government, as he sought close global coordination to achieve this objective.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (File Photo)
Raising the black money issue at an informal meeting of leaders of the five-nation BRICS bloc, Modi set the tone on this key issue ahead of the G20 summit in the wake of his commitment to bring back every penny of black money stashed abroad.
"Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a key priority for us,"  Modi told the BRICS leaders.
Calling for close coordination on the issue of black money kept abroad, Modi also said this unaccounted money is also linked to security challenges.
As India makes attempts to retrieve the black money, the Prime Minister has already made it clear that close cooperation to retrieve the black money from abroad is a key issue for him.
The G20 host Australia on Friday vowed a "very aggressive" crackdown on tax avoidance. India is also seeking strong action by the Group of 20 industrialised and emerging economies against tax havens.
"A key issue for me would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money," Modi had said, as he is set to renew the country's commitment at the G20 summit to a global response to deal with cross border tax avoidance and evasion.
India is also expected to urge the G20 to pressure tax havens into revealing more information on black money from India to help retrieve this illegal money.
Besides  Modi, Chinese President Xi Jinping, Russian President Vladimir Putin, South African President Jacob Zuma and Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, were the other leaders who took part in the informal interaction.
Live Blog: Prime Minister Narendra Modi at G20 summit
 

http://twitter.com/yourt...
India rejoices as the US takes a u-turn on WTOfood subsidy
(India, which had held out…)
NEW DELHI: Hours after US President Barack Obama told Prime Minister Narendra Modi that he was "a man of action" at an Asean dinner in Myanmar, Washington backed India's much-criticised stand on food security at the World Trade Organization, marking a breakthrough that means a historic accord can now move forward.
India, which had held out against signing the Trade Facilitation Agreement in July, regards the shift in the US stance as a big diplomatic victory.
Under the agreement reached with the US after hectic parleys in the early hours of Thursday, WTO nations won't challenge food security programmes of fellow members until a permanent solution has been found and adopted on food stocks, something on which India had refused to budge. The July meeting took place a little over a month after the Modi government took charge following the general election victory.
India is now expected to endorse the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), a global plan to lower customs barriers that's expected to add $1 trillion to the global economy.
The move will revive multilateral trade negotiations that seemed dead after India's unrelenting stand on the food security issue.
At the time, India was isolated and had to face worldwide condemnation for standing in the way of one of the biggest deals brokered at the two-decade-old WTO, and one that had been arrived at after long and painful negotiations.
 
"We are extremely happy that India and the US have successfully resolved their differences relating to the issue of public stockholding for food security purposes in the WTO in a manner that addresses our concerns," said trade minister Nirmala Sitharaman, announcing the development in Delhi on Thursday. A US statement offered further details. "Efforts to put the TFA in place were dealt a setback in July, when a small group of countries, led by India, raised concerns about the status of the WTO's work on food security issues and blocked consensus on implementing the TFA," US Trade Representative Michael Froman said in the release. "We have overcome that delay and now have agreement with India to move forward with full implementation."
The Indian government, acutely aware that it risked getting left behind if other countries went ahead and signed the deal, feels vindicated by its earlier intransigence, trade experts said. They added that poor nations, unwilling to take a similar stand publicly as they were nervous of richcountry annoyance, were also happy that India's position had been accepted, a point that Sitharaman also made.
"Implementation of the rest of the Bali decisions will give some comfort to the developing countries and LDCs (least developed countries), even though most of the nonbinding decisions do not hold out the promise of substantial gains for these countries," she said. "We will continue to work for the implementation of the Bali package and the DDA (Doha Development Agenda)." Progress on achieving the breakthrough came during Modi's visit to the US in September, when he apprised Obama about the country's food security concerns given its large number of poor people and making it clear that India was not at all opposed to the TFA. India had been concerned that ambiguous wording in the agreement left unclear whether countries that breached stock and subsidy limits could be vulnerable to legal action from other WTO member nations. Those fears seem to have been addressed and the WTO general council is now set to endorse the agreement.
"India has had its way with what it had proposed on July 31," said Anwarul Hoda, former deputy director general, World Trade Organization. "One would normally expect that to agree on making the peace clause permanent, the US would insist on additional conditions, but it appears that they have gone ahead on the basis of the same draft, which is India's victory." Hoda is currently chair professor at the Indian Council for Research on International Economic Relations (Icrier).
WTO director general Roberto Azevedo applauded the India-US agreement on the key Bali issues. "This breakthrough represents a significant step in efforts to get the Bali package and the multilateral trading system back on track," Azevedo said. "It will now be important to consult with all WTO members so that we can collectively resolve the current impasse as quickly as possible."

Top US trade groups applaud India and US on WTO agreementYou are here: Home > Collections
Top US trade groups applaud India and US on WTO agreement
PTI Nov 14, 2014, 10.31AM IST
Tags:
India
(Top American trade and business…)
WASHINGTON: Describing the agreement between India and US to resolve the contentious food security issue at the WTO as "breakthrough", top American trade and business groups have applauded both the countries saying that, new development would boost global trade and economic growth.
"Businesses worldwide applaud the news that the US and India have overcome obstacles blocking the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), and the broader Bali Package. This impasse had threatened the WTO's standing as a credible forum for trade negotiations," said US Chamber of Commerce president and CEO Thomas J Donohue .
The TFA, he said, holds great promise, particularly given disappointing economic growth in many parts of the globe.
"Streamlining the passage of goods across borders by cutting red tape and bureaucracy could boost the world economy by as much as USD1 trillion with most benefits going to developing countries," he added.
India yesterday achieved a major victory with the US agreeing to its proposal on food security issues at WTO.
As per the agreement, the US will support India's proposal at WTO that 'peace clause', crucial for uninterrupted implementation of India's food security programme should continue indefinitely till a permanent solution is found.
"The US-India breakthrough on implementation of the World Trade Organisation Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) will boost global trade and economic growth," said Information Technology Industry Council (ITI) president and CEO Dean Garfield as he and other groups applauded breakthroughs reached this week between India and the US.
"This will generate significant benefits for the tech industry, a sector heavily reliant on the free flow of parts and products across borders. The tech industry commends US Trade Representative Michael Froman and his team for their tireless work to advance this important multilateral initiative," Garfield said.
In a statement, US-India Business Council (USIBC) applauded the cooperation between India and the United States that establishes a continued dialogue for the World Trade Organisation's implementation of TFA.
MasterCard CEO Ajay Banga and chairman of US India Business Council said: "We commend the work of the Office of the US Trade Representative, Ambassador Michael Froman and the Government of India which will allow the WTO discussions to move forward as these two globally important economies work to further develop a deepened fiscal and commercial relationship.
"This agreement represents a way forward for both countries which will allow for the enactment of the TFA. It also sets the stage for increased economic activity in India and has the potential to add USD1 trillion to the global economy," said USIBC (Acting) president Diane Farrell.
"While we are pleased that issues surrounding India's stockpiling program will no longer keep the Bali Accord from moving forward, USIBC continues to encourage all WTO members to work together to find a permanent solution on food subsidies," Farrell said.
The announced breakthrough in the WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) is very welcome news to manufacturers that are seeking to grow opportunities through trade with overseas markets said National Association of Manufacturers Vice President of International Economic Affairs Linda Dempsey.
"The TFA represents an unparallelled opportunity to boost global growth and commerce by the simple task of cutting red tape, streamlining border processing and adding transparency to customs operations worldwide," Dempsey said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

WTO agreement with India to boost multilateral trading  says USeconomy
(Over the last several months, Froman said…)
WASHINGTON: The agreement between India and US to resolve the contentious food security issue at the WTO will give a new life to multilateral trading system and look forward to the full implementation of the Bali package to enhance global trade , a top US official has said.
"We've reached an agreement with India that will break the logjam and give new life to the multilateral trading system," the US Trade Representative (USTR) Mike Froman told reporters during a conference call yesterday after India and US reached an agreement in this regard.
The agreement consists of two basic elements, he said. First is a specific agreement to move forward with the full and immediate implementation of the WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement. Secondly there's an understanding about specific food security programs agreed to in the Bali accord, he said.
"We eliminated any ambiguity in Bali about the duration of the so-called "peace clause", provided that food stockpiling programs meet the agreed upon conditions in Bali," he said.
"The United States and India agreed to these two elements, and agreed that these elements should be approved simultaneously in the WTO General Counsel and will be working together with the WTO Director-General , Roberto Azevedo, to move forward with those decisions as soon as possible," he added.
Froman appreciated the constructive engagement from India during the discussions leading to this agreement and also said they look forward to working with the rest of the WTO Membership to put them in place.
Over the last several months, Froman said the US has been working relentlessly to clear a path for the Trade Facilitation Agreement to move ahead at the WTO.
The Trade Facilitation Agreement was agreed to last December 2013 as an integral part of the Bali Package, the first multilateral agreement reached in the history of the WTO.
"It's a perfect example of how breaking down barriers to trade can create new opportunities for developed and developing countries alike. It's estimated to reduce the cost of trade by 10 per cent for developed countries and up to 14 percent for developing countries and some have said that it could add hundreds of billions of dollars, or even a trillion dollars to the global economy ," he said.
Froman said: "In July, efforts to realise the gains of this agreement hit a snag when a small group of countries led by India, took a position that prohibited the Trade Facilitation Agreement from moving forward, along with it, jeopardising the rest of the Bali Package,".
"But throughout this period, we've never lost sight of the opportunity that the Trade Facilitation Agreement presents and the Bali Package as a whole presents, to help spur broad-based, inclusive growth which is even more important than ever, in the context of recent forecasts in continuing geo-economic uncertainty," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Skyrocketing gold imports: Govt to review restrictionsSkyrocketing gold imports in October prompts government and RBI to review restrictions
ET Bureau Nov 14, 2014, 11.36AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(October gold imports are…)
NEW DELHI | MUMBAI: India's gold imports rocketed in October, accelerating the trend in the third quarter of 2014 and prompting the government to consider restrictions on shipments as they have a bearing on the country's current account.
However, the World Gold Council said trade restrictions will encourage smuggling, which is already rising alarmingly. It estimates that about 200 tonnes of the yellow metal would be smuggled into the country this year, which is a huge amount for a country that bought 825 tonnes last year.
October gold imports are estimated to have jumped to 148 tonnes, rising six-fold from less than 25 tonnes in the same month last year. Imports in the September quarter were up 39%.
Top officials of the finance ministry and the Reserve Bank of India met on Thursday to consider tightening import controls on gold. They agreed to meet again in a few days to take a decision, official sources said. "We have not yet taken any decision and will meet in a day or two to continue the discussion," said a finance ministry official .
The government had clamped down on gold imports last year stipulating that nominated agencies could import gold on the condition that 20% of the consignment would be exported.
The scheme, commonly referred to as the 80:20 scheme, was relaxed in May this year when RBI allowed star and premier export houses to import the commodity. Banks and nominated agencies were also allowed to provide gold for domestic use as loans to jewellers and bullion traders. Last year, the government had increased the gold import duty to 10% to check widening current account deficit.
Net gold imports into India stood at 204 tonnes in the third quarter, up 124% from 91 tonnes in the same period a year ago. But last year's figure was artificially low because of government curbs.
Jewellery demand by India during the quarter stood at 182.9 tonnes, 16% higher than the demand from Greater China, including Hong Kong and Taiwan. Demand for bars and coins by the country during Q3 was higher at 42.2 tonnes compared with Greater China's 37.1 tonnes.
The World Gold Council, the global gold miners' lobby, says smuggling is an "unintended" consequence of the government's curbs on imports.
"The demand for gold in the country is not speculative and the restrictions have had unintended consequences, like encouraging smuggling," said Somasundaram PR, MD (India), World Gold Council.
"We estimate that over 200 tonnes of total gold imports this year would be unofficial." Last year, India imported 825 tonnes. In the year through September, imports amounted to 525 tonnes. Demand usually rises in the fourth quarter of the calendar, which coincides with the festive season.
Referring to the 80:20 scheme, Somasundaram said exports of handcrafted jewellery to countries in the Middle East and South-east Asia, which comprise a sizeable portion of the diaspora, were not "visibly" apparent. "If India exports 20%, you should typically see a lot of activity in places such as Dubai and South-east Asia, which does not seem very apparent."
In rupee terms, the average price of gold at Rs 25,452.4 per 10 gm during the quarter was 6% lower than a year ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Finance Ministry holds review meeting  may tighten gold import normsYou are here: Home > Collections
FinMin holds review meeting, may tighten gold import norms
PTI Nov 13, 2014, 06.28PM IST
('India is considering curbs…)
NEW DELHI: Worried over surge in gold imports, the government is contemplating to put curbs on inward shipments of the precious metal by big private agencies.
Top Finance Ministry officials today held a review meeting of the 80:20 gold import scheme, under which the big private agencies -- Star trading houses/Premier trading houses -- were allowed to import gold in May this year.
"Today we heard all the agencies and took stock of the situation. Discussions will continue," a government official said.
Gold imports have touched 150 tonnes in October, as against 24 tonnes a year ago.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in August last year had imposed severe restrictions on gold import and raised import duty to 10 per cent in order to check burgeoning current account deficit and sliding rupee.
The steps by the central government helped lower gold imports substantially but also increased instances of smuggling.
In May, the previous UPA government, eased certain rules and allowed private agencies to import gold under 80:20 scheme. This facility was available to select banks only and other entities were barred from importing the metal.
Under the 80:20 scheme, an importer has to ensure that at least one-fifth, or 20 per cent, of every lot of imported gold is exclusively made available for the purpose of exports and the balance for domestic use.
The CAD, which had touched a record high of USD 88.2 billion or 4.8 per cent of GDP in 2012-13 is estimated to have come down to below USD 32.4 billion or 1.7 per cent of GDP in 2013-14.
In April-June quarter of current fiscal, the CAD narrowed sharply to 1.7 per cent, from 4.8 per cent of the GDP a year ago.
FEATURED ARTICLES

VC Firm Kalaari Capital invests in payment solutions startup InstamojoYou are here: Home > Collections > E-commerce
VC Firm Kalaari Capital invests in payment solutions startup Instamojo
Madhav Chanchani, ET Bureau Nov 13, 2014, 12.54PM IST
Tags:
e-commerce businesses
(The startup is expecting…)
MUMBAI: After backing a slew of e-commerce businesses , venture capital investors are now trying to support startups, helping small Indian merchants go digital by solving issues from payments to setting up an online presence. In the latest deal, Bangalore-based VC firm Kalaari Capital is investing an undisclosed amount in series-A funding in Mumbai-based Instamojo along with existing investors Blume Ventures and 500 Startups.
The two-year-old startup helps small business owners like private tutors and office lunch service operators, collect payment directly from their customers by sharing a link through their website, social media and mobile channels such as SMS or WhatsApp.
VCs see a big opportunity in tapping this market. "Instamojo's product is one of the most innovative solutions we have seen so far created by a passionate team.
The large number of SMBs in India offer a significant market opportunity," said Vani Kola , MD at Kalaa ri, which has been an early investor in e-tailers like Snapdeal and Myntra.
According to a Google and Ficci study in 2013, less than 5% of India's 47 million SME businesses even maintain a web presence. And 61% of the Internet-using SMEs are concerned about the security of online financial and personal transaction, which is hindering adoption of e-commerce by these businesses.
Traditionally , these merchants use banks' NEFT payments, which take over 24 hours, or register with a payment gateway which prefers large volume players and take upfront fees and weeks to start. Comparatively , businesses can start using Instamojo in a few minutes and payment is transferred once merchants KYC and other details have been confirmed. Take, for instance, Mumbai-based customised meals provider Yummy Tiffin, which has been using Instamojo for the past 7-8 months. "I don't have to rely now on a separate person to collect payments," said Romil Singh, founder of the service which gets payments of Rs 2 lakh every month through Instamojo.` Instamojo is used by businesses selling both digital and physical goods. "Typically, our customers are small business operators with 1-5 employees without any technical knowledge. We have our technology to handle issues like fraud and security on the fly," said Sampad Swain, co-founder and CEO of Instamojo.
The startup is expecting Rs 100 crore worth of transactions in the next few quarters, and targeting Rs 1,000 crore annualised sales in the next 24-36 months.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cadila Pharmaceuticals to set up SPV for funding innovation based startupsCadila Pharmaceuticals to set up SPV for funding innovation based startups
Vishal Dutta, ET Bureau Nov 13, 2014, 11.24AM IST
Tags:
Cadila Pharma
( Ahmedabad-based Cadila…)
AHMEDABAD: Ahmedabad-based Cadila Pharmaceuticals, a privately held drug company, is looking for setting up a Special Purpose Vehicle ( SPV ) for funding innovation done by individual or start-up firms in the field of drug/medicine. The initial fund corpus would be Rs 50- Rs 100 crore.
Talking to ET, Dr Rajiv Modi , Chairman and managing director of Cadila Pharmaceuticals said "We are looking for coming up with a Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) or similar kind of format to fund individuals or pharma start-ups that have innovative drugs or working on pharmaceutical innovation". According to him, it would be in line to their ambitious project of conducting innovation conclave across India that would pull a large number of pharmaceutical innovators.
This year Cadila Pharma is organizing its first major innovation conclave under the brand IAMICON 2014, which would be organized across 49 cities, with 300 speakers and nearly 20,000 intellectuals has been send invites to attend the event. "Last year, we had a pilot run kind of project for innovation conclave in 15 cities and found this model workable as it attracted innovators and encouraged them" said Mr Modi adding that based on it now they would conduct innovation conclave on annual basis.
"We expect to inspire more scientists, medical doctors, clinical practitioners and others to undertake innovation and come forth with their innovative ideas in drug discovery" said Mr Modi. In 1951, Mr I A Modi, founder of Cadila Pharmaceuticals who belong from a small tribal village in South Gujarat along with his wife use to make drug at their premises and later Mr I A Modi use to ride a bicycle to sell those drug. It was his pursuit for making drug locally, at the time when the drugs were only imported, led him to build today's Rs 1200 crore drug company through innovations.
However, on Tuesday, the company received USFDA warning letter over drug production processes. "We expect to solve the issue soon" said Dr Rajiv Modi. Cadila Pharmaceuticals is the latest Indian drug-maker to face U.S. regulatory rebuke, as the FDA intensifies its scrutiny of the generic drug-makers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Social media use at work hampers productivityThe use of online social media for personal use during working hours can have a detrimental effect on employees' performance
By: Indo-Asian News Service | London | Posted: November 14, 2014 11:50 am
The use of online social media for personal use during working hours can have a detrimental effect on employees’ performance and the well-being of organisations, warn new research.
“Every day, more than one billion people worldwide use social media. This habit has also invaded the workplace, as some research reports that four out of five employees use social media for private purpose during work time,” said Cecilie Schou Andreassen from the department of psychosocial science at University of Bergen (UiB) in Norway.
For the study, researchers questioned 11,000 Norwegian employees about their online activities while at work.
“The overall finding is that this type of distraction has a negative effect on self-reported work performance,” Andreassen said.
In an earlier research, the same team found that attitudes and actual use of online social network sites for personal purposes during working hours are related to demographic (male sex, younger adults, single status, higher education), personality and work-related factors (fewer challenges and demands).
“In addition, we found that accessibility of and policies prohibiting the personal use of such sites at the workplace can be beneficial for productivity,” Andreassen noted.
Employers typically fear financial loss due to employees’ cyber loafing.
“Thus, research on this topic is important for organisations and their employees,” the authors concluded.

When Barack Obama planted a kiss on Aung San Suu Kyi s cheekpicture  others
When Barack Obama planted a kiss on Aung San Suu Kyi’s cheek
The amity between the USA and Myanmar was on a new high when the US President Barack Obama met Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu today in Yangon, Myanmar on the sidelines of the ASEAN summit. (Source: AP)
In a news conference here, they were seen interacting with each other quite amicably. (Source: AP)
Seen here is the duo addressing the audience and the media. (Source: AP)
The camaraderie between the two renowned leaders was good to see as they embraced after the address. (Source: AP)
Related

World Diabetes Day: From Homeopathy to Yoga - alternative therapies to control DiabetesDespite rising awareness, more than half of the men in major cities like Delhi, Mumbai, Ahmedabad and Chennai suffer from diabetes, according to a survey by Metropolis Healthcare. Source: Thinkstock Images
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 14, 2014 2:40 pm | Updated: November 25, 2014 6:30 pm
Diabetes mellitus according to WHO (World Health Organisation) is a group of metabolic diseases in which there are high blood sugar levels over a prolonged period. This high blood sugar produces the symptoms of frequent urination, increased thirst, and increased hunger. Untreated, diabetes can cause many complications.
Diabetes is due to either the pancreas not producing enough insulin, or the cells of the body not responding properly to the insulin produced.
Though there is a medication for controlling Diabetes in allopathy, we look at the treatment of Diabetes as per alternative schools of medicine on World Diabetes Day.
1. TREATMENT OF DIABETES AS PER UNANI
In Arabic, diabetes is called Ziabetes or Dolab or Zalaqul Kulya and Zalaqul Majari.
 
In Arabic, diabetes is called Ziabetes or Dolab or Zalaqul Kulya and Zalaqul Majari. According to Unani Medicine, Ziabetes Shakri is a disease in which the consumed water is passed out through the kidney immediately after intake by the patient.
In this disease the mizaj (temperament) of kidneys becomes haar (hot) because of which they absorb water from blood circulation and send it to the urinary bladder immediately.
According to Unani, there are two kind of diabetes. One is Ziabetes Haar in which acute symptoms of diabetes (with abrupt onset) occur, such as excessive thirst, increase in urination. Another is Ziabetes Barid in which the thirst and frequency of urination is comparatively less.
There is also a classification, according to presence and absence of sugar in urine. Ziabetes Sada is characterised by excessive thirst and increased urination but there is no sugar in the urine. Ziabetes Shakri is characterised by excessive thirst and urination and presence of sugar in urine.
As per Unani, Diabetes occur due to stress, anxiety, strain and tension (Infaalat-e-Nafsania), over-eating, Excessive use of Alcohol or Sedentary Lifestyle
Unani Drugs (Single drugs recommended for diabetes): Magze tukhme jamun, Karela Bark, Magze tukhme neem, Fenugreek seeds, Bail Leaves, Kalonji, Gurmar booti,
Tabasheer, Sarphooka or Gilo) READ MORE
2. CONTROLLING DIABETES AS PER HOMEOPATHY
CONTROLLING DIABETES AS PER HOMEOPATHY
 
Diabetes is a long term disease. Homeopaths resorts to different approach towards Diabetes. When the blood sugar level is very high, the priority is to control it. There are Homeopathic remedies that could reduce the sugar. Another approach is to understand the patient’s profile through a patho- physiological profiling and resort to treatment of his illness. There is yet another approach to understand the patient in depth through a detailed case taking, crate a profile at his physical, mental, social and spiritual level (holistic approach) and then select a constitutional remedy. Each of these approach has its own scope and limitations. The physician has to take a decision as to what approach is needed on a patient depending on his general health, progress of disease, complications, the organs affected etc.
1) Management of Blood sugar
The commonly used remedies are Uranium Nitricum, Phosphoric Acid, Syzygium Jambolanum, Cephalandra Indica etc. These are classical Homeopathic remedies. These are used in physiologically active doses such as Mother tincture, 3x etc. depending up on the level of the blood sugar and the requirement of the patient.
Several pharmaceutical companies have also brought in propriety medicines with a combination of the few Homeopathic medicines. Biochemic remedies which is a part of Homeopathy advocates Biocombination No 7 as a specific for Diabetes. Another Biochemic medicine Natrum Phos 3x is widely used with a reasonable success in controlling the blood sugar. Scientific studies on the impact of homeopathic medicines in bringing down blood sugar are limited, but many of the above remedies have some positive effects either as a stand-alone remedy or as an adjunct along with other medications. READ MORE
3. MANAGEMENT OF DIABETES THE YOGA WAY
Yoga for Diabetes
 
The yogic practices are found to be useful in the management of Diabetes Mellitus through various research studies. The aim of the Yogic treatment is the management of Diabetes in two fold:
1) To stimulate the pancreatic cells to produce adequate amount of insulin.
2) To reduce the insulin resistance.
The practices prescribed for the Diabetic patients are as under
1) Kriyas: Kunjal, Vastradhouti, Kapalbhati, Agnisar and Nauli.
2) Asanas: Tadasanas, Katichakrasana, Pavanmuktasana, Sarvangasana, Matsyasana, Halasana, Ushtrasana, Gomukhasana, Ardhamatsyendrasana, Mandukasana, Paschimottasana, Bhujangasana, Shalabhasana, Dhanurasana, Shavasana
3) Pranayama: Nadisodhana, Suryabhedana, Bhastrika and Bhramari
4) Bandhas: Uddiayana Bandha
5) Meditation: Breath awareness, Om chanting and Om meditation
- Yogi Uday

Ratan Tata Invests in Furniture E-Tailer Urban LadderBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Tata Group chairman emeritus Ratan Tata has invested in online furniture company Urban Ladder, making it his second personal investment in an e-commerce firm after Snapdeal.
Urban Ladder said that Tata's "inputs and guidance will be very valuable" for the company, but did not disclose the amount and other details about this investment.
This is Mr Tata's second investment in Indian e-commerce business, after a previous investment he made in online marketplace major Snapdeal earlier in August this year.
The latest investment comes four months after Urban Ladder raised 'Series B funding' from Steadview Capital and existing investors SAIF Partners and Kalaari Capital.
"Tata understands the furniture space very well, specially our focus on product design since he has a lot of knowledge of the subject. His inputs and guidance will be very valuable for us," Urban Ladder CEO and co-founder Ashish Goel said.
Launched in July 2012, Urban Ladder was co-founded by Ashish Goel and Rajiv Srivatsa. It offers over 1,000 products across 25 categories in furniture such as wardrobes, beds, sofas, dining tables and coffee tables.
The firm aims to be the biggest furniture seller in India in the next 18 months.
Ratan Tata, the chairman emeritus of Tata Group, has made a personal investment in online furniture company Urban Ladder. Mr Tata had earlier invested in his personal capacity in another e-ecommerce company Snapdeal.
Mr Tata had earlier said that e-commerce is one of the areas where is he looking to personally invest because of its "good potential" as a large proportion of the country's consuming public does not have the required access to goods.
Mr Tata's investment in Urban Ladder comes four months after the company raised more funding from Steadview Capital and existing investors SAIF Partners and Kalaari Capital.
Urban Ladder was launched in July 2012 by co-founders Ashish Goel and Rajiv Srivatsa and offers over 1000 products across 25 categories in furniture such as wardrobes, beds, sofas, dining tables and coffee tables.
Ratan Tata, a design enthusiast, holds a degree in Architecture from Cornell University.
"Mr Tata understands the furniture space very well, specially our focus on product design since he has a lot of knowledge of the subject. His inputs and guidance will be very valuable for us" said Ashish Goel, CEO and co-founder of Urban Ladder.
Story first published on: November 15, 2014 18:25 (IST)

Sistema eyes $300 mn Indian video gaming marketUpdated: November 14, 2014 23:04 IST
MTS launches video gaming platform at CeBIT
Pradeesh Chandran
games
Sistema Shyam TeleServices Ltd ( SSTL), that provides telecom services under the MTS brand, has partnered with Nodwin Gaming to launch an online video gaming platform -- Gamegod. The platform would enable video gamers to play on ranked servers for the first time in India. The company has also roped in online retailer Flipkart as the pan-India distributor of Gamegod.
With the launch of Gamegod, MTS is planning to expand its products and also to address the growing demand for video games in the Indian market. The company has launched Gamegod with the rollout of two internationally successful games-Counters Strike Global Offensive (CS:GO) and Dota 2.
“Being a data centric company, MTS is always looking at creating newer drivers for data consumption in the country... This latest initiative has been designed to strengthen the brand connect with our target audience,” MTS India Chief Marketing and Brand Officer Leonid Musatov said.
To popularize the launch and the product MTS is organizing an online multiplayer gaming championship with a cash prize of Rs.20 lakh. The company has launched the gaming platform in two variants at a Price of Rs.1,299 and Rs.4,499. For fully loaded Gamegod kit, customers need to pay Rs 4,499 to get an MBlaze Ultra datacard.

Reliance Cap Q2 profit up 20% on MF  general insurance pushReliance Capital Q2 profit up 20% on MF, general insurance push
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 20:18 IST
Financial services major Reliance Capital on Friday reported a 20 per cent rise in its second quarter net profit to Rs 217 crore, helped by robust growth in mutual fund, commercial finance and general insurance businesses.
The total income rose by 12 per cent to Rs 2,084 crore for the quarter ended September 30, the company said in a release.
In asset management business, the profit before tax rose by 71 per cent to Rs 114 crore, while average assets under management grew to Rs 1,22,068 crore.
Among other businesses, commercial finance and general insurance also witnessed significant growth.
In the year-ago period, net profit stood at Rs 181 crore while total income was Rs 1,869 crore.
Reliance Life Insurance's net profit touched Rs 53 crore in the latest September quarter. During the same period, the net profit of Reliance General Insurance stood at Rs 25 crore.
Shares of the company rose over 1 per cent to close at Rs 480.10 on the BSE.

Carlsen holds Anand to a draw in World Chess Championship game 5In the fifth game of the World Chess Championship Viswanathan Anand playing with white pieces drew with Magnus Carlsen in a relatively short game 5 on Friday.
Game board
A well prepared Carlsen
In the press conference that followed game 4 on Wednesday, Carlsen said, "I'm not playing very well. Actually, I'm playing somewhat terribly. My last two games were pretty bad."
He must have thought about this long and hard during the rest day. Certianly game 5 was an improvement for Magnus.
Magnus sensed that Anand had prepared very well for the championship this time, thus playing a theoritical game will not result in a favourable result for him. He wanted to deviate Anand from usual line of play into unchartered territories and he had partial success in doing that on Friday.
As usual a 'well-prepared' Anand started off strongly, but was taken by surprise by Carlsen's reply to his opening. Magnus replied with 'Queens-Indian' defence, a opening in his repertoire for a long time now.
In the past four games, Carlsen was forced into 'thinking mode' by Anand, which actually cost the Norwegian game 3 where he lost on time. This time, there was a role reversal. Anand, 'slightly surprised' at the variations, took a long time initially to reply to Carlsen's moves.
Susan Polgar, famous chess commentator wrote in her live blog, "Anand is pausing after this move after both were blitzing out the first 7 moves. It's obvious that Magnus has something cooking & he's deciding how not to fall into home preparation."
Carlsen played the first 17 moves in under just 8 minutes for which Vishy took more than half an hour to reply. But this didn't prove costly in the end.
As Polgar rightly pointed out in a tweet, "Magnus is ahead by more than 30 minutes. But Anand has plenty of time as both are playing fast."
A lonely pawn and a fiery Knight
Anand had one concern. One of his pawns as usual strayed into Carlsen's territory without much of defence. His 'd' pawn was proving to be a head-ache.
Polgar tweeted, "Even though white is slightly better, black is fine & will have d4 pawn as a target."
But then Anand negotiated the lonely pawn situation carefully and traded it for good compensation and brought his knight to D5. Suddendly chess experts became very interested in the game.
Chess grand master Jan Gustafsson tweeted, "Magnus is in big trouble here. 23...Kh8 24.Re7 f5 25.Rxa7 and I'll give Vishy 75%."
Polgar wrote in her live blog, " Magnus has to carefully decide how to proceed. This is an important decision for black."
It seemed just for a second, Anand had worked out a winning plan in the game, though there was a long fight ahead. Magnus seemed a bit worried and thought for a whole ten minutes before deciding to go ahead and trade his bishop with the white knight.
Trading queens
Realising his weak position Magnus wanted to trade-off the queens in order to minimise danger and he soon achived that in move 23. Which turned out to be a huge relief. It lessened white's chances to push for a win even though it still had an advantage.
Carlsen recounted in the press conference, "After the queens were exchanged there was not enough play left for a win"
The situation still remained tense as Anand's 'A' pawn was still in the game and may anytime start walking towards the opposite end.
Nigel short tweeted, "Basically if Anand allows his a-pawn to be captured his winning chances vanish."
In move 27, Anand had the chance to protect his 'A' pawn by moving his Rook to 'D4', but instead he went with 'RD8' which cost him.
After he failed to safeguard his 'A' pawn, in move 29 Carlsen's Knight gobbled it up, which proved to be the final blow to Anand's winning chances.
A fast end-game
From then on there were a flurry of moves and exchanges, which led to a draw finally. It seemed like Anand decided to play for a draw seeing not much of a winning chance.
After 39 moves both players agreed for a draw. The game never crossed the first time control and ended in two and a half hours. A relatively short game in this tournament.
Chess grandmaster Jan Gustafsson tweeted, "Brrr. Dead draw. Come on Vishy, you could have made the guy work a bit harder today!". This seemed to be the feeling of chess experts generally on today's game.
Previous games
Add this to your flipboard Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Dont's miss any stories, follow our World Chess Championship magazine View my Flipboard Magazine.
 

Thomas Mueller scores brace as Germany go past Gibraltar; Cristiano Ronaldo decisive in PortugalwinGermany's Thomas Mueller celebrates his second goal gainst Gibraltar on Friday. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Nuremberg | Posted: November 15, 2014 7:49 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:03 am
World champions Germany sauntered past minnows Gibraltar 4-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Friday to bounce back from a rocky start but coach Joachim Loew was far from pleased with the performance.
Thomas Mueller struck twice before Mario Goetze added another in the first half with Yogan Santos netting an own goal in a low-key second period as the hosts, who lost to Poland and drew with Ireland in their last two qualifiers, eased off.
“I am everything but satisfied with this,” Loew told reporters. “The team did not do what we wanted to do. We wanted to play as world champions and four goals are too few.”
“We did not hold our positions. Obviously there were 10 of their players around the box but we did not do it well in the second half.”
The win lifted Germany to seven points from four games, three behind Group D leaders Poland.
Gibraltar, who have yet to score a goal in their first ever campaign, earned praise from coach Allen Bula.
“It’s a great result and we really needed something like this,” Bula said. “0-4, I could not have asked for more.”
The home side, who never hit top form against European football’s newcomers, wanted to show their trademark attacking game after flopping in their last two qualifiers in October.
Given the enormous gap in quality between the four-times world champions and UEFA’s latest member who played their first international in September, it was always going to be a one-sided affair with Germany fielding a three-man defence.
Mueller poked in after Shkodran Mustafi’s cross bounced awkwardly off the post in the 12th minute and then stabbed in his second goal before Goetze drilled Germany’s third after a fine layoff from Max Kruse.
An audacious 34-metre dipping shot from Liam Walker that almost caught Manuel Neuer by surprise was Gibraltar’s only attack but still required a full-stretch save from the German keeper.
The hosts took their foot off the gas in the second half but Santos’ own goal from a Lukas Podolski cutback further increased the scoreline.
With Gibraltar, largely made up of amateur players, battling bravely with all 11 players in their own half, Germany struggled with ideas towards the end.
They hope to round off a successful year that included their World Cup triumph in Brazil in July with a win over European champions Spain in a friendly on Tuesday.  Cristiano Ronaldo scrambled a second-half goal to give Portugal an uninspiring 1-0 win over Armenia in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Friday in Faro.
Ronaldo scrambles narrow win for Portugal over Armenia
The Portugal captain broke the deadlock in the 72nd minute when the ball rebounded to him two metres from goal after Roman Berezovski saved Ricardo Quaresma’s shot, although he still needed two attempts to put it in.
It was his 52nd goal in 117 appearances and made him the competition’s all-time top scorer in qualifying and finals combined, but continued…

Modi-Obama meet sealed trade deal  WTO says Bali package could be in force in 2 wksFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
As President Barack Obama commended the personal leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in finding the way forward on the WTO trade facilitation agreement (TFA), top Indian officials here said that it was at the meeting of the two leaders in Nay Pyi Taw this week that the deal was finally sealed.
Meeting on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit on Wednesday, Modi and Obama took forward their discussion in Washington in September, including on the ways to resolve the WTO deadlock. “I know you are a man of action,” Obama told Modi in Nay Pyi Taw.
“It’s not that this statement made the deal happen. But it did bring the issue to finality,” said an Indian government official in Brisbane on Friday.
In Washington, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said in a statement, “The President had extensive discussions with Prime Minister Modi on this (TFA) issue and appreciates his personal leadership in finding a path forward.”
Also on Friday, the WTO said that there was a “high probability” that a major deal on streamlining global Customs rules would now be implemented within two weeks.
“I would say that we have a high probability that the Bali package will be implemented very shortly,” WTO director-general Roberto Azevedo said in Brisbane, referring to the TFA agreed on the Indonesian island. “I’m hopeful that we can do it in a very short period of time, certainly within the next two weeks.”
India and the US on Thursday settled the dispute that had paralysed the WTO, and risked derailing the reforms that are seen adding about $ 1 trillion to global trade. The TFA relates to streamlining of Customs procedures by all WTO members to dramatically improve the movement of goods across countries, and bring down costs.
India had refused to bend on the issue of food security, linked it to the TFA and vetoed signing of the agreement. Every agreement at WTO requires consensus, and even a single member country can block a deal.
Subsequent to the India-US agreement, US Trade Representative Michael Froman issued a statement that said, “With the WTO confronting a mounting crisis of confidence, President Obama and Prime Minister Modi held productive discussions on this issue, including during the Prime Minister’s visit to Washington in September. In recent days, officials of both governments worked intensively and reached an agreement that should give new momentum to multilateral efforts at the WTO.”
Defending India’s position, Modi had earlier said the WTO had to move forward simultaneously on all agreements reached in Bali, including on food security, to address the concerns of all sections of society, including the poor.
At an Idea Exchange programme of The Indian Express at the end of August, Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had said, “PDS, efficient use of subsidy or how many people will benefit from PDS are all issues we in India have to decide for ourselves. That is no way going to be driven by WTO.”
Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu, who is also the Prime Minister’s sherpa for G20, too had said that if development issues were put on the back burner all the time, India could not be accused of being the spoiler.
(With PTI in Washington and Reuters in Brisbane)
TAGS: Barack Obamam Narendra Modi WTO
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Break stereotypes in technology-driven era: GovindNihalaniGovind Nihalani: It is my belief that the kind of funding you get determines a lot about the film you end up making.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 9:20 am
National Award-winning filmmaker Govind Nihalani Friday observed that with rapidly evolving technology, the challenge for filmmakers is to break through stereotypes and do something different.
“To break stereotypes is not easy… with these stereotypes the challenge is to come up with something different,” Nihalani said while delivering the Satyajit Ray Memorial Lecture at the ongoing 20th Kolkata International Film Festival.
“That is a challenge that every filmmaker has to face in the future. The reason is technology and the challenge is becoming more acute in the days to come,” Nihalani said.
The maker of iconic films like ‘Ardh Satya’, ‘Drohkaala’, ‘Hazaar Chaurasi Ki Maa’ and ‘Aakrosh’, Nihalani said apart from technology, factors like history and funding also influence filmmaking.
“It is my belief that the kind of funding you get determines a lot about the film you end up making,” he said.
After a gap of 10 years, the filmmaker returns to movie-making with a 3D animation flick for kids next year.
“We have a medium that is constantly changing and one must learn to maintain integrity while adapting to it,” he said.

Purab Kohli is baffled  butwhyPurab Kohli is associated with a number of social causes like animal welfare, welfare of under-privileged women and children.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 9:28 am
Actor Purab Kohli, who is associated with a number of social causes like animal welfare, welfare of under-privileged women and children, says he is baffled why people associated with a good cause are not paid well.
“Some of the groups I work with do such amazing work that I often wonder why these people aren’t paid top notch salaries? Why do they have to go around asking people for money when their work is focused towards the betterment of societies?
“They fill in the gap and think and execute areas that governments overlook or are too busy to notice. My contributions towards them are minuscule compared to what change these people bring about in the lives of so many,” the actor said in a statement.
The ‘Rock On!!’ actor firmly believes that compassion and humanity are the most important things in life. As part of his philanthropic activities, Purab continues to be a part of NGO Toy Bank as a mentor since early 2009.
The 35-year-old feels he is spreading joy with Toy Bank as the NGO provide toys to under-privileged children.
Talking about his association with the NGO the actor said, “Toy Bank works very hard towards bringing that play back into the lives of under-privileged children. By volunteering with them I feel like they bring back some in my life too”.

G20: Obama to contribute $3 bn to Green Clim...Barack Obama, in latest climate move, pledges $3 bln for Green Climate Fund
Reuters Nov 15, 2014, 09.04AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(President Barack Obama…)
BRISBANE/WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama on Friday pledged a $3 billion U.S. contribution to an international fund to help poor countries cope with the effects of climate change, putting the issue front and centre of the G20 Leaders Summit in Australia.
The large size of the contribution took climate policy watchers by surprise and doubles what other countries had previously pledged ahead of a Nov. 20 deadline. It would be the second major move on climate change taken by Obama after big Democratic losses in last week's midterm elections.
"Along with other nations that have pledged support, we'll help vulnerable communities with early-warning systems, stronger defenses against storm surges, and climate-resilient infrastructure," Obama said in remarks ahead of the official opening of the G20 summit.
"We'll help farmers plant more durable crops. We'll help developing economies reduce their carbon pollution and invest in clean energy."
The timing of the announcement was seen as putting pressure Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, who is hosting the summit and once described climate science as "absolute crap". Abbott had hoped the G20 summit would focus on growth and jobs.
"When most nations are saying we have to finance climate change responses, whatever Australia desires, it has to agree or it risks looking like the spoiler at what should be Australia's moment," Tim Costello, the head of World Vision Australia and the C20, or Civil Society 20, told Reuters.
Highlighing Australia's exposure to climate change, Obama said longer droughts and more wildfires were likely.
"The incredible natural glory of the Great Barrier Reef is threatened. Worldwide this past summer was the hottest on record. No nation is immune and every nation has a responsibility to do its part."
The Green Climate Fund will work with private sector investment and help spur global markets in clean energy technologies, creating opportunities for entrepreneurs and manufacturers including those from the United States.
"The fund will be able to deploy innovative instruments. That is the key distinguishing characteristic of the GCF; it has the opportunity to mobilize significant flows of private capital," Abyd Karmali, managing director of climate finance at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rich countries had pledged in 2009 to mobilize $100 billion a year by 2020 to help developing countries tackle carbon emissions.
Earlier this week, Obama announced a climate deal with China. The United States will strive to cut total greenhouse emissions by about 25 percent by 2025, while China will aim for a peak in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030.
In the run-up to the global climate talks in Paris next year, developing nations view finance as a vital part of any deal.
Hela Cheikhrouhou, executive director of the fund, lauded the U.S. pledge as a game-changer. "It could have a domino effect on all other contributions," she said.
The U.S. pledge roughly doubles the $3 billion already promised for the fund, which will hold a first donors' meeting in Berlin on Thursday.
Germany and France had earlier pledged $1 billion each, and Mexico, South Korea, Japan and others have pledged smaller amounts.
The UN has set an informal goal of raising $10 billion for the fund before a meeting of environment ministers in Peru, next month. Developing nations have been urging $15 billion.
Some environmentalists were unimpressed by the pledge. Friends of the Earth said $3 billion "falls magnitudes below what is actually needed by developing countries."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ahead of G20 summit  PM Modi discusses black money issue with BRICSleadersPrint
Modi with Canada PM.
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | Brisbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 9:25 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 11:00 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday pushed his government’s domestic agenda on black money at an informal meeting of BRICS leaders ahead of the Group of 20 Leaders Summit.
The BRICS meet is intended to coordinate positions among the five big developing economies of the world, so that they can pull in their combined weight at the G20 Summit .
Modi called for close coordination on unaccounted money stashed abroad, and said that its repatriation to India was a key priority for his government. “Unaccounted money abroad is also linked to security challenges,” he told the leaders of Brazil, Russia, China and South Africa.
At the informal meeting, the five leaders also took stock of the progress made in the establishment of the New Development Bank (NDB) and the Contingent Reserve Arrangement (CRA) that was agreed upon in the sixth BRICS Summit in Fortaleza in Brazil in mid-July this year.
IN PICS: Narendra Modi meets world leaders
The leaders asked their finance ministers to designate the president and vice-presidents of the new bank well in advance of the next BRICS Summit.
Modi said the NDB and the CRA signal the group’s collective capacity to create and manage global institutions. India hoped to ratify the agreement by the end of the year, he said. “We will soon nominate our candidate for the post of the presidency,” the PM said in his opening remarks.
Reform process bound to face resistance: PM Narendra Modi
The seventh BRICS Summit is scheduled to be held in the Russia city of Ufa in the middle of next year. “The leaders also announced the setting up of an interim Board of Directors that will lead the next phase establishing the NDB,” a media note on the informal meeting said.
The leaders also asked the governors of their central banks to ensure that the Inter-Central Bank Agreement foreseen in the CRA be concluded by the time of the Summit in Russia.
The PM said the NDB could be effective in promoting sustainable development and bridging infrastructure gaps. “We can be more aligned to local conditions and requirements. We should focus on next generation infrastructure,” he said. According to Modi, BRICS could promote new models of governance and financing, while maintaining the highest standards of banking.
The leaders — President Dilma Rousseff of Brazil, President Vladimir Putin of Russia, President Xi Jinping of China, President Jacob Zuma of South Africa, and Prime Minister Modi — exchanged views and shared perspectives on measures to promote growth and create jobs. The G20 has set a target for growing their economies by an additional 2 per cent over the next five years. They also discussed issues related to infrastructure, trade, energy, strengthening of the financial system, and cooperation in tax matters.
At the fifth Summit in Fortaleza, India had wrenched the presidency of the NDB, while China had got to locate the bank’s headquarters in Shanghai. India also got BRICS to agree continued…

G20: PM Modi faces competition from China s Xi JinpingAustralia
(Xi will follow Modi to Fiji…)
NEW DELHI: As Narendra Modi arrived in Brisbane on Friday to take part in his maiden G20 Summit and bilateral trip to Australia -- first by an Indian PM in 28 years -- he has competition at hand from Chinese President Xi Jinping who is also on official trip to the country with a similar goal of expanding economic and energy partnership with Canberra and expanding footprints in the Pacific region.
But it is not Australia alone. Xi will follow Modi to Fiji after his trips to Australia and New Zealand in a nine-day trip to these three countries, sources in the Chinese government said. And Modi is not alone who will address the Joint Session of the Australian Parliament. Xi as well as British PM David Cameron too will have that honour, officials from Canberra said.
The Fiji leg of the tour will be somewhat similar for the Indian PM and Chinese President where they both meet leaders of the Pacific Islands besides the hosts as part of Delhi's and Beijing's strategy to expand respective footprints in the Pacific region, sources informed. China has already emerged as one of the key donors for the Pacific nations, officials well versed with the region pointed out. Delhi's advantage in Fiji, however, is the People of Indian origin there who comprises nearly 38 per cent of the total population.
The importance attached by China to Xi's visit is evident from the high profile party delegation that is accompanying him. His entourage includes Wang Huning, member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC), Wang Yang, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and vice premier, State Councilor Yang Jiechi and Zhou Xiaochuan, head of the People's Bank of China, Chinese government sources said.
While Modi will be a four-day four city tour of Australia that includes public address to the Indian community at Sydney, public reception at Melbourne by the host PM, Parliament address besides serious bilateral dialogue to expand economic and security ties besides G20 summit, Xi will be on a visit to not so famous Australian island state of Tasmania where China is involved in several mining projects, officials in Australian government said. In fact China has been involved in several mining projects across Australia to meet its growing demands compared to India's not so big presence in the key sector in that country. However, Modi, who is being accompanied an influential business delegation would give a fillip to India's bigger involvement in this sector in Australia.
While Modi is keen to make this trip historic by exploring avenues to upgrade bilateral ties in sphere of trade, investments and security and sell soft power, Xi's stay will be marked by hard power that will see conclusion of a free-trade agreement and unveiling of Sydney as a renminbi trading hub. Australian government sources told ET that Canberra expects that bilateral FTA with Delhi will concluded before end of 2015.
Xi is more familiar with Australia than most world leaders, having first visited in 1988 as 34-year-old vice-mayor of Xiamen city. After stopping by in Tasmania on this trip, his fifth to the country, he will have visited all eight states and territories. He arrives in Australia on the back of APEC, where a display of diplomacy, deal-making and ambition reflected China's influence on the international stage.
However, it this ambition of Beijing in economy but more so in strategic sphere that is drawing India and Australia closer. Officials said Modi and Australian PM Tony Abbott would spend considerable time in deliberating on expanding maritime security and multilateral security dialogue. Australia wants to join US-India-Japan dialogue to make it quadrilateral. Defence is a growing area of cooperation with two countries set to hold maiden naval exercise next year. Delhi and Canberra are eyeing closer maritime security cooperation in India Ocean Region and Pacific theatre with growing demand for Indo-Pacific region instead of Asia-Pacific to reflect present day realities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chhattishgarh deaths: Rat poison chemical found in antibioticsComments
Antibiotics tainted with a chemical used in rat poison may have caused the death of 13 women at a government sterilization camp in Chhattisgarh this week, officials suggested Friday after preliminary testing of the drugs.
Women who underwent botched sterilisation surgeries at a government mass sterilisation 'camp' receive treatment at a district hospital in Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh. (Reuters Photo)
An analysis of the antibiotic tablet Ciprofloxacin 500 revealed the medicine was adulterated with zinc phosphide, a chemical used in rat poison.
The drug had been seized from Raipur-based pharmaceutical company Mahawar Pharma on Thursday and has been sent for further tests.
Officials said a significant quantity of burnt medicines was found on the premises.
The symptoms shown by the women who became unwell after undergoing botched sterilizations is similar to how the body reacts to zinc phosphide, doctors in Bilaspur said.
After the surgery, the women had complained of nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain. The 13 died of cardiac arrest, kidney failure and respiratory breakdown. “Such a chemical results in high mortality,” health officials stated.
“We have conducted raids across the state and seized over 43 lakh similar tablets prepared by Mahawar Pharma,” Bilaspur commissioner Sonmoni Borah told HT.
Mahawar Pharma director Ramesh Mahawar and his son Sumit were arrested by Raipur police on Friday.

FT Editor Slams Piketty  Then FT Names  Capital  Book Of The YearTop FT Editor Lambasts Piketty's Book Just Before FT Names It Book Of The Year
Posted:
Updated:
11/13/2014  5:59 am EST
Frankfurt, Germany -  October 09: Economist Thomas Piketty attends Frankfurt Book Fair 2014 on October 09, 2014 in Frankfurt, Germany. (Photo by Michael Gottschalk/Photothek via Getty Images) | Michael Gottschalk via Getty Images
reddit
The Financial Times has declared that Thomas Piketty's Capital In The Twenty-First Century is the best business book of the year, which kinda-sorta makes up for that time it declared the book was riddled with errors.
In fact, the FT editor who criticized the French economist's blockbuster, 700-page tome on inequality is sticking by his critique, even after his newspaper on Tuesday named Capital the winner of the 2014 Financial Times and McKinsey Business Book of the Year Award .
Capital, for the uninitiated, warns that unfettered capitalism tends to widen the gulf between the haves and the have-nots, and that the major economies of the world could be doomed to Gilded Age-style inequality if they don't take steps to stop it. It was, unexpectedly, a red-hot bestseller , exposing broad public anxiety about the fairness of the global economy.
It was not universally praised. Back in May, FT economics editor Chris Giles started a weeks-long brawl with Piketty by saying the book was "undercut by errors" and that "the rock-star French economist appears to have got his sums wrong."
After a lot of back-and-forth between Giles and Piketty on the Internet, several economists came to Piketty's defense , saying Giles' critique had not landed any real blows on the work.
Now the FT itself seems to have come down on Piketty's side, too.
"Capital in the Twenty-First Century emerged after vigorous debate from an incredibly strong field," FT editor Lionel Barber, who chaired the panel of judges that picked the book, said in a press release. "While not everyone agreed on the policy prescription, we recognised the quality of the scholarship. It’s a challenging but ultimately important book."
That has not stopped criticisms of the book's data and conclusions. Salim Furth, an economist at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank, criticized Piketty's data on Swedish inequality on Wednesday, in a Wall Street Journal blog post.
Giles himself continued to slam the book's data, in a Policy Exchange panel discussion on Tuesday. "Truth-telling with data is important, and I don't think this book does it," Giles said.
In that talk, which happened just hours before the FT's announcement of the business-book award, Giles took a moment to acknowledge the strangeness of the situation: "It is perfectly possible, given the eclectic organization that the FT is, that we will say Capital is the business book of the year and also sort of slagged it off at the same time this year."
The Financial Times did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Giles declined additional comment.
This post has been updated to reflect that Giles declined to make additional comment.
More:

How To Beat Black Friday HackersThe Best Way To Protect Yourself From Hackers On Black Friday
Posted:
reddit
With the Black Friday shopping frenzy just around the corner, shoppers may be wondering whether there's anything they can do to protect themselves if another massive cyberattack takes place.
The short answer is yes: Use your credit card. Doing so won't necessarily protect you from getting hacked, but credit cards offer a number of features that will make life much easier if the worst happens, experts told The Huffington Post. And the same can't be said of debit cards.
"The biggest separation between credit and debit is that if something does happen with your debit card, someone can get access to real money out of a checking account that can take up to two weeks to replace," Matt Schulz, a senior industry analyst at Creditcards.com, told HuffPost. "While that money is gone, it's money you can’t spend on holiday shopping or even a rent payment or a car payment."
The hack of the U.S. Postal Service this week is just the latest in a series of high-profile cybersecurity breaches . So if you're on edge this holiday season, it's understandable. In the past year, cyberattacks have hit retailers like Target , Home Depot and Jimmy John's , among others . Sadly, consumers have little power to prevent hacks from actually happening. But you can take precautions to minimize their impact.
"In terms of avoiding having your card hacked, so much of that is out of your control, to be perfectly honest," Schulz told HuffPost. "The best thing that you can do is to take steps to protect yourself."
Or as Monica Cardone, a managing partner at eConsumerServices, puts it: "Use good old-fashioned common sense." That means avoiding ATMs where the card slot looks loose or damaged -- which may indicate the machine has been tampered with -- and making sure to check your bank account after you do some shopping. Cardone confirmed to HuffPost that using your credit card instead of your debit card is best.
Most Americans prefer to use debit cards since they can help curb overspending, but those positive effects could easily be undone in the event of a cyberattack, Cardone pointed out. Since debit cards are linked to real checking accounts and affect real money as opposed to credit lines, recovering funds lost to a security breach is a more complicated process when debit cards are involved.
For example, if your credit card gets hacked, the card issuer is required by law to cover your losses if they exceed $50. The same goes for debit cards -- that is, if you react quickly enough. If you wait longer than two days to report the loss of a debit card, the amount you're responsible for can balloon as high as $500 , according to the Federal Trade Commission. Wait more than 60 days after receiving a bank statement, and your card issuer may refuse to cover any of your costs at all .
As one of the biggest shopping periods of the year, the Black Friday-Cyber Monday corridor presents a lot of opportunities for hackers. A crook can get a lot done on these days with relatively little effort, since there is such a large volume of financial data being exchanged, Cardone points out.
A survey by CreditCards.com found last month that nearly half of all shoppers plan to avoid making purchases at retailers that have recently experienced credit card hacks, like Target and Home Depot.
But these retailers may still be the safest option for shoppers, according to Cardone. Many of the already-hacked businesses have beefed up their security as a result. For example, Target is now set up for the use of new, more secure chip credit cards , USA Today reports. Other major retailers are expected to follow suit by 2015.
Companies that have been hacked "are going to take extra security measures to make sure this doesn't happen again," Cardone said. "There's likely more risk at other stores who haven't had to go through that type of scrutiny."
Wondering whether to do your shopping online or in person? Cardone said going on the Web is both safer and more convenient, while Schulz said that neither method is fully free of risk.
Recouping funds lost due to a hacked credit card is relatively easy. But what do you do if you only have a debit card? Both Cardone and Schulz said that remaining vigilant and keeping close tabs on your account balance and purchases is the best way to avoid trouble. Cardone said that frequently changing your passwords and personal identification numbers, or PINs, is also a good way to stay safe. If you can, avoid entering your PIN into things like cash registers and gas pumps -- only do it in the relative safety of a bank.
"Go to your bank and take the cash out, instead," said Cardone. "Don't put your PIN there!"
Are you the victim of a debit or credit card hack? Tell us your story. Email harry.bradford@huffingtonpost.com.
More:

Entrepreneurs Turning to Tapping as a Success Techniquereddit
It's been referred to as mind over matter, visualization, or positive thinking. Whatever you call it, the thought that mental power has an impact over daily lives -- and future success -- isn't new. But what if there's more to it than just our mind?  More entrepreneurs are tapping into success with something called Emotional Freedom Technique.
What is Emotional Freedom Technique?
Although it's hit business news sites and blogs in recent year, the Emotional Freedom Technique, or EFT, has been around for quite some time used by therapists, psychologist and coaches.
The technique itself is simple: following instructional videos that can be found online, a person first thinks about something that they find stressful, for example, their bills, a past trauma, public speaking or asking their boss for a raise.  Next, they simple use their fingertips to lightly tap on about 8 acupuncture points on while stating aloud the thoughts and feelings that arise.
Use of tapping the acupuncture points caused the technique to become known simply as tapping by many users.
Today, the process is interchangeably referred to as Emotional Freedom Technique, EFT tapping, EFT, or tapping.
How Does Tapping Work?
EFT is based on the same premises as acupuncture, though there are no needles involved. The point of acupuncture is to stimulate certain nerves or areas of the body that are proven to impact other areas or states; tapping serves a similar purpose.
It has been shown to "switch off" the fight or flight response within minutes, reducing the feelings and sensations of fear, anxiety or even anger that commonly arise when a person thinks about something stressful or upsetting.  At the same time, one would also vocalize any thoughts, feelings or memories that appear during the process.
This effect is seen most dramatically in with Veterans suffering with PTSD where tapping has been adopted by many VA treatment centers because of its exceptional results.
Unlike acupuncture or acupressure, which are usually used to treat physical ailments, tapping is aimed at emotional healing at the nervous system level.
Since even the medical field agrees that 80% of all illness has a stress related component, and tapping reduces the stress response, tapping has brought about a comprehensive increase in health and performance for some individuals.
Seeking Emotional Freedom
The primary goal of tapping is to free yourself of the unwanted negative emotions thoughts and "fight or flight response" that arise and stop you anywhere in your life.
We can all relate to fears and/or our "inner critic" stopping us from new experiences, deeper relationships or from achieving our true potential.  When we use tapping to release, at a mind/body level,  habitual fear, anger, frustration, self-doubt and even feeling unworthy, we truly become free to do more, live more, love more.
In the business world, this "emotional freedom" leaves you more open to possibility, confident and energized to approach both big audacious goals and problems with clarity.
Because without the surge of fear, uncertainty and self-doubt to stop us in our tracks, make us pull back, sabotage or procrastinate, we are all capable of greatness.
Science's Stance on EFT
If you're unfamiliar with tapping or similar techniques such as acupuncture, the entire process may seem strange, silly or unrealistic.
However, with prestigious organizations, like the American Psychological Association, endorsing the legitimacy of EFT along with prominent MD's, psychiatrists and even neurologists, embracing the technique, it's not surprising that science has examined tapping claims.
17 studies have been published from 2008 to 2013 of various EFT processes, confirming positive results from the process.
Using Tapping for Business
As a group, entrepreneurs push the envelope, always setting and seeking to accomplish goals that are bigger and more ambitious than your average person.
To support this, a group of life, finance, and business coaches have brought tapping to entrepreneurs across the globe. Videos, seminars, mentors, and blogs teach success minded professionals how to use tapping to quickly release fear, self-doubt and even procrastination about finances, job decisions, and careers.
According to many tapping students, EFT has resulted in bigger thinking, more action, stronger financial states, career growth, and increased satisfaction with life.
Margaret M. Lynch is one of the leading experts on using EFT for success and wealth and author of the book "Tapping Into Wealth" (Penguin/Tarcher).
On her blog and through a series of online videos, Lynch talks about discovering your inner money paradigm and shifting it using EFT as a key to creating financial success.
According to Lynch, when it comes to earning more money and creating true wealth, you must look at the "mind/body/money" connection to see the whole story.  This is because thinking about money in all its forms - income, savings, wealth goals, debt, bills -  tends to trigger more anxiety, fear, frustration and limiting beliefs than almost any other thing in life.
Until we see and address this on the inside, our income and wealth will always be mysteriously and frustratingly limited.  But, she passionately believes, it need not be so.
Lynch elaborated:
Tapping doesn't magically create wealth, but creating wealth takes vision, action, enthusiasm and a resilient mental toughness.
Tapping is a fast and amazingly simple technique that can clear away even a lifetime habit of self-doubt, fear, insecurity and self-sabotage leaving one more resourceful, positive, creative and in a word, happy.
This is where tapping enhances and facilitates the traits of positive thinking, courage, creativity and passion commonly exhibited by the most highly successful people.
Does Tapping Really Work?
With a growing number of business pros tapping into emotional freedom and success, many non-tappers probably wonder if it's that simple.
Ask any sports coach; they'll tell you about how much of success is the "the mental game" and the power of positive thinking.
Once thought to be simple a form of positive, scientific studies have shown that individuals who use tapping experience a measurable reduction in cortisol within minutes, and a self-evident physiological and psychological shift from a stressed state to one of emotional balance and positive perspective and expectation.
In the end, entrepreneurs will have to experience for themselves whether tapping works. With so much time spent on business coaching and ment
Follow Brian Horn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brianhorn
More:

Ex-CEO Of Coal Mine That Exploded Indicted On Federal ChargesDon Blankenship, Former Massey Energy CEO, Indicted Over 2010 Upper Big Branch Mine Disaster
 | By                                                                By JOHN RABY
reddit
Chairman and CEO of Massey Energy Company Don Blankenship pauses as he testifies during a hearing before the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee of the Senate Appropriations Committee May 20, 2010 on Capitol Hill in Washington, DC.   (Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images)
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (AP) — Don Blankenship, the steely-eyed executive once dubbed "The Dark Lord of Coal Country," on Thursday became the highest-ranking coal official to face federal charges in the nation's deadliest mine disaster in 40 years.
A federal grand jury indicted the former Massey Energy CEO on numerous counts of conspiracy in the April 2010 underground explosion that killed 29 men at the Upper Big Branch Mine in Montcoal, West Virginia.
The 43-page indictment said Blankenship "knew that UBB was committing hundreds of safety-law violations every year and that he had the ability to prevent most of the violations that UBB was committing. Yet he fostered and participated in an understanding that perpetuated UBB's practice of routine safety violations, in order to produce more coal, avoid the costs of following safety laws, and make more money."
His attorney, William W. Taylor III, said in a statement that Blankenship "is entirely innocent of these charges. He will fight them and he will be acquitted."
"Don Blankenship has been a tireless advocate for mine safety," the statement said. "His outspoken criticism of powerful bureaucrats has earned this indictment. He will not yield to their effort to silence him. He will not be intimidated."
But Pam Napper, whose son, Josh Napper, was among the miners who died that day, said "it's about time" Blankenship was called to account.
"He was a big part of this," she said. "He knew what was going on in that mine and continued to let it go. I hope he gets what he deserves. I am so excited. They aren't sad tears today. They're happy tears."
Earlier this year, Blankenship sponsored and appeared in a 50-minute documentary titled "Upper Big Branch — Never Again." In it, he argued that regulators never got to the truth about what happened underground.
"If someone wants to know the truth about what happened at UBB, they need to go ubbneveragain.com and watch the documentary," Blankenship, in his signature even baritone, told MSNBC's Chris Hayes early last month.
But U.S. Attorney Booth Goodwin said the truth is contained in the indictment.
In February 2013, a former longtime subordinate, David Hughart, testified that Blankenship ordered the widespread corporate practice of warning coal miners about surprise federal inspections. The federal Mine Safety and Health Administration said the root cause of the blast was Massey's "systematic, intentional and aggressive efforts" to conceal life-threatening problems. MSHA said managers even maintained two sets of pre-shift inspection books - an accurate one for themselves, and a sanitized one for regulators.
The indictment says Blankenship conspired to violate standards at the mine from January 2008 until April 2010, when the explosion tore through the tunnels.
The explosion prompted federal officials to begin monthly "impact" inspections at problem mines throughout Appalachia in addition to routine state and federal visits. MSHA said last month that it has conducted 823 "impact" inspections sites and issued more than 13,000 citations since the explosion.
Alpha Natural Resources bought Massey for $7.1 billion in June 2012. Blankenship retired ahead of the merger.
"We can only hope that the outcome of the upcoming proceedings that were announced today will provide some level of comfort and closure for the families of the fallen miners and to the larger community where we live and operate," Alpha said in a statement.
Four investigations into the disaster found that worn and broken cutting equipment created a spark that ignited accumulations of coal dust and methane gas. Broken and clogged water sprayers allowed what should have been a minor flare-up to become an inferno.
Blankenship started a blog to push his assertion that the presence of natural gas in the mine, and not methane gas and excess coal dust, was at the root of the explosion. He said getting to that "truth" was "the best way to honor the victims of Upper Big Branch ..."
In the November 2010 Rolling Stone article in which the "dark lord" moniker was coined, Jeff Goodell described the former $18 million-a-year man as "the undisputed king of coal in West Virginia."
"Other Big Coal CEOs who operate in Appalachia are business-school types who have offices in other states and leave the dirty work to their minions," he wrote. "Blankenship, by contrast, is a rich hillbilly who believes that God put coal in the ground so that he could mine it, and anyone — or any law — that stands in his way needs to be beaten down, bought off or tied up in court.
"Blankenship is hated, feared and respected, but nobody wants to tangle with him."
Until now. If convicted, Blankenship could face up to 31 years in prison.
Others have been convicted in the case. Former White Buck Coal Co. President Hughart, who testified that Blankenship ordered the inspection warnings, pleaded guilty to federal conspiracy charges. Hughart, who never worked at Upper Big Branch, was eventually sentenced to 3 1/2 years in prison for his role.
Former UBB superintendent Gary May was sentenced last year to one year and nine months in prison on charges he defrauded the government through his actions at the mine, including disabling a methane gas monitor and falsifying records. May cooperated with prosecutors.
He testified at the February 2012 sentencing of former Massey security chief Hughie Elbert Stover, who was sent to prison for three years for lying to investigators and ordering a subordinate to destroy documents. It was one of the stiffest punishments ever handed down in a mine safety case.
___
Associated Press writer Dylan Lovan contributed to this report from Louisville, Ky. Breed, a national writer, reported from Raleigh, N.C.
Also on HuffPost:

Mr & Mrs Khanna: The latest blockbuster on D-StreetAmara Raja Batteries
(Most of these stocks —…)
ET Intelligence Group: Every bull market produces stars — those who churn one multi-bagger after another. One such name which is being closely tracked by avid market watchers, and participants these days, is Dolly Khanna.
With stakes of more than 1% in 14 listed companies, Khanna's shareholdings are worth at least a few hundred crores. Most of these stocks — mainly small-caps — have multiplied several times, earning her a devoted fan following on Dalal Street in recent years. But, there is one thing that flummoxes them: they don't know who Dolly Khanna is.
That is strange because such impressive stock pickings usually spark frenzied hero worship, especially among those who prefer to piggyback rather than identify their own winners to make big money.
The only time her name pops up is when she buys more than 1% or more in a company. No one knows how she looks though traders' blogs have some versions of her identity. But, those market watchers who insist on knowing more about the thoughts behind picking the stock winners, could benefit better by talking to her husband, Rajiv. The low-profile investor revealed to ET that Dolly Khanna is a homemaker and that he manages her investments.
For Chennai-based Khanna, stock investing is more of a hobby than a profession. The Khannas own Kwality Milk Foods, which sold its ice-cream business to Hindustan Unilever in 1995. With the money he got after selling the ice cream business, Rajiv Khanna, 67, started investing in the market in 1996-97 for the first time.
"It started as a hobby and remains a hobby. My core business is of milk products," said the lowprofile investor, who agreed to talk to ET over phone after weeks of persuasion. He did not respond to requests seeking an interview in person. Hawkins Cookers was his first multi-bagger. Khanna started accumulating the stock in 2007 and went on accumulating it till June 2009 at an average price of 130-140. Today, the stock is trading at Rs 3,400, and the company has given at least 70% of its profits as dividends.
Then, there was nothing stopping Khanna. He went on to identify small-cap winners such as Wimplast (more than 7 times in two years), Cera Sanitaryware (more than 7 times in two years ), RS Software (4 times in less than two years), and Avanti Feeds (more than 4 times in less than 6 months). Khanna's passion for picking stocks through extensive research can be traced back to his first job. A chemical engineer from IIT Madras, Khanna worked for ICI Ltd, a pharmaceutical company as a research person in the field of industrial explosives and blasting physics. In 1986, he started his company - Kwality Milk Foods. In the first decade of his investing career, gains from the market were modest. It was only after 2007 that the stakes started becoming bigger.
Dolly Khanna's portfolio (companies in which she holds more than 1%) has grown from Rs 1 crore in 2007 to Rs 175 crore at present. She also holds shares in several other companies but that does not appear in the shareholding of those companies. "We also have holdings in larger companies but we can't buy more than 1% of them," he said.
  Khanna has held most of the stocks in his portfolio for a long time now but he has also played the momentum game. For instance, he had purchased 1% stake in Amara Raja Batteries worth Rs 13 crore in the June quarter of 2012 and sold the entire stake in less than six months for Rs 39 crore, making three times the profit. "I am just somebody who got lucky. People just see the profits we make, nobody knows the kind of hits we have taken."
Khanna's latest bets (bought in the last one year) include Premier Explosives, Mold-tek Packaging and Nilkamal. These stocks have at gained significantly from the time of the purchase. He declined to talk in detail about his investments. But, when asked about Nilkamal, a plastic product company and the only stock in which he increased his holding in the September quarter, Khanna said "Crude has started correcting. Let's see what happens." He claims he does not talk to company managements before buying a stock. "We purely rely on the public information and act on it."
ET spoke to top officials of three companies, including Liberty Shoes, Manjushree Technopak and Nilkamal, in which Khanna's holding is more than 1%.
The officials said they have not heard of Dolly Khanna. While the name is well-known on Dalal Street, few in the market know about Rajiv Khanna. "Although I have never got to meet them, I'vebeen hearing of them. They have been able to identify good companies at a very early stage and have made good money through investments," said a Chennaibased fund manager.
When asked about the investment strategy, Khanna said, "It all depends on the underlying market condition. Like in tennis you play different games on different courts — hard court, clay court and lawn, we also study the market situation and pick our stocks accordingly. It can be either a value stock, growth stock, momentum stock or buying based on technicals." He feels market is the most complex puzzle, "It's not the money, it's the challenge what is exciting. Money is just the outcome. And once you start to understand the game, making money is not difficult," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

An Intimate Side Of Chinatown That Most Outsiders Never Seereddit
In a new series entitled “My Home,” photographer Louis Chan turns his lens on the private rooms of households much like the one he grew up in: working class, Chinese American families, mostly living in Lower Manhattan.
Through photographing these living spaces, he captures the objects that make up the daily lives of their inhabitants --  the things they’ve brought from the country they left behind and the things that tie them to the country they now call home. The things that help them get by and the things they can’t bear to part with. Objects that speak of their hopes, their plans, and their strategies for survival.
The images document an experience that may soon be lost, as Manhattan’s Chinatown is increasingly gentrifying . Chan spoke with HuffPost about the childhood memories that inspired the series, the stories that everyday objects tell, and discovering a shared experience in the rooms of others.
What was the inspiration for this project?
I grew up in New York City -- I was born on the Lower East Side and lived there until I was about 25. I also went to school near Chinatown, near the area where the Smith projects are located. I would go from Alphabet City to Smith, and I would see how the landscape has changed since I was born, since I was going to school and everything. I saw the Tompkins Square Riots, and I saw the Lower East Side change from a working class, low-income neighborhood to something that’s very different today. And I started seeing Chinatown changing -- a lot of the people who used to live there, the original immigrants, start to move out and a lot of gentrification starts coming in. So I decided to do photos to try and preserve some sort of memories of the area, and I started the project with a lot of my friends and family. I do have a lot of family that live here, and a lot of them live in the Lower East Side and in Chinatown. I wanted to preserve the memories and interiors of the neighborhood.
Why did you decide to focus on private rooms?
Well there’s something very intimate about interior space, people’s living spaces. Their possessions say a lot about who they are -- also as a group of people, not just individuals. All of these interiors are of Chinese American or immigrant Chinese homes, and they really say a lot about how they live and who they are.
How did you choose the rooms that appear in the series?
I started asking around with friends and family, and when someone would grant me permission, I would come by semi-unannounced. I’d let them know, OK great, I can come, I’ll give you a call within the week. Then I’d go in and survey the area, survey the rooms, look at the space and kind of decide what I felt was interesting. A lot of times there were just random objects that would really catch my eye from growing up, that I felt were interesting to me and possibly to the viewer.
What about these rooms spoke to you?
Sometimes being that they’re friends and family, I’ve visited some of these spaces more than once before even doing the project. But I noticed there was a common thread in a lot of these spaces: certain products, certain things that I would see in my own home. And I noticed there’s a pattern in a lot of Chinese American or Chinese immigrant homes. For example, my parents and my grandmother collected a lot of things. They kept a lot of things to be repurposed, like tupperware and calendars, old cereal boxes that they would neatly flatten and save for another day that they might be able to use again. That really speaks to me. That speaks, first, about the lack of space living in New York City, and the lack of money, trying to always save everything you have. My folks always saved every bag and reused it to carry things, before there was even the idea of recycling.
There are certain products -- for example, Ovaltine is really popular with my family and all the families I’ve been to. I started thinking that something as simple as Ovaltine is actually a charged product, in the sense that I understand it’s popular in Hong Kong, and I wondered why it’s so popular in Hong Kong. I have to suspect it must have been popular due to the occupation of Hong Kong after the Opium War, as a British colony. And the idea of tea time. My mom was a seamstress at a factory and my dad was a cook in a Chinese restaurant. My mom always had afternoon teatime, where the factory would take a break and have a pastry and coffee or tea. It’s funny because these are the little things that carry over, that we may or may not realize.
Another thing is free calendars. They’re given by local businesses like convenience stores or, back then, video stores. There was no direct TV programming from Hong Kong, and you needed to see the shows on VHS. So they always gave these calendars of movie stars and beauty pageant people from the Hong Kong entertainment world, and my grandmother and my family, we always saved some of those. In more than one of the photos, other families did the same thing, too.
What do these rooms say about the people who live in them?
They're almost like time capsules. I feel like immigrants from Hong Kong or South China who come to New York, they’re kind of stuck in a bubble in Chinatown. But life is happening all around us. Hong Kong and mainland China are changing rapidly. Meanwhile, all these homes kind of stay the same. The rooms really speak to me growing up, because when I was a kid my folks were poor and they worked really hard -- they were trying to support me and my sister, and I kind of see that in all of these homes where they would save everything, repurpose everything.
What do these photographs say to you about Chinese American identity?
I am Chinese American and my parents are immigrants, so I’ve lived and experienced that culture. So for me to make a series about it, I had to think about what I can say to make it interesting, and what I can say that hasn’t been said already. I guess it was kind of confusing because I wasn’t really sure what to do. At the same time, I don’t know a lot about Chinese history, I’m just this Chinese American kid who doesn’t know much about anything yet. So I’m basing it on whatever I lived and what I experienced in my life.
I’m living it still and just trying to grasp the whole idea. Working on this gave me a bigger awareness of how far we as Chinese Americans have gone since my grandparents arrived. This is the tiniest slice of preservation within that history.
What did you want to show about the concept of home?
I think the title came about because I was always really close with my friends and family, and I would visit them often. And even though they lived in different homes in different locations, they always felt pretty much the same to me. Going back to the way they lived and the things they did, it was always a common ground. For example, a lot of my friends, their parents have similar occupations -- dad was a chef or cook, mom was a seamstress. A lot of times, I would go over to their homes and we basically have identical things: the brand of soy sauce, a plug-in thermos -- things that every Chinese family has. A lot of times there’s a sewing machine in the house somewhere, someone has a fish tank. For me it felt like I was at home no matter whose place I’m at. You can blindfold me and drop me in someone’s home and I could tell it’s probably a Chinese American home.
Chan's "My Home" will be on view at the University of Tennessee Downtown Gallery from Nov. 7-26.
CORRECTION: A previous version of this article misstated the closing date of "My Home." It has since been updated.
More:

Top trade groups applaud India-U.S. WTO dealfood security
Top American trade and business groups have applauded both the countries saying that, new development would boost global trade and economic growth.
Describing the agreement between India and the United States to resolve the contentious food security issue at the WTO as “breakthrough”, top American trade and business groups have applauded both the countries saying that, new development would boost global trade and economic growth.
“Businesses worldwide applaud the news that the US and India have overcome obstacles blocking the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), and the broader Bali Package. This impasse had threatened the WTO’s standing as a credible forum for trade negotiations,” said US Chamber of Commerce president and CEO Thomas J Donohue.
The TFA, he said, holds great promise, particularly given disappointing economic growth in many parts of the globe.
“Streamlining the passage of goods across borders by cutting red tape and bureaucracy could boost the world economy by as much as USD1 trillion with most benefits going to developing countries,” he added.
India on Thursday achieved a major victory with the US agreeing to its proposal on food security issues at WTO.
As per the agreement, the US will support India’s proposal at WTO that ‘peace clause’, crucial for uninterrupted implementation of India’s food security programme should continue indefinitely till a permanent solution is found.
“The US-India breakthrough on implementation of the World Trade Organisation Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) will boost global trade and economic growth,” said Information Technology Industry Council (ITI) president and CEO Dean Garfield as he and other groups applauded breakthroughs reached this week between India and the US.
“This will generate significant benefits for the tech industry, a sector heavily reliant on the free flow of parts and products across borders. The tech industry commends US Trade Representative Michael Froman and his team for their tireless work to advance this important multilateral initiative,” Garfield said.
In a statement, US-India Business Council (USIBC) applauded the cooperation between India and the United States that establishes a continued dialogue for the World Trade Organisation’s implementation of TFA.
MasterCard CEO Ajay Banga and chairman of US India Business Council said: “We commend the work of the Office of the US Trade Representative, Ambassador Michael Froman and the Government of India, which will allow the WTO discussions to move forward as these two globally important economies work to further develop a deepened fiscal and commercial relationship.
“This agreement represents a way forward for both countries which will allow for the enactment of the TFA. It also sets the stage for increased economic activity in India and has the potential to add USD1 trillion to the global economy,” said USIBC (Acting) president Diane Farrell.
“While we are pleased that issues surrounding India’s stockpiling program will no longer keep the Bali Accord from moving forward, USIBC continues to encourage all WTO members to work together to find a permanent solution on food subsidies,” Farrell said.
The announced breakthrough in the WTO Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) is very welcome news to manufacturers that are seeking to grow opportunities through trade with overseas markets said National Association of Manufacturers Vice President of International Economic Affairs Linda Dempsey.
“The TFA represents an unparalleled opportunity to boost global growth and commerce by the simple task of cutting red tape, streamlining border processing and adding transparency to customs operations worldwide,” Dempsey said.

A Signal of Groundbreaking Progressreddit
This week's joint announcement by President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping to reduce their nations' carbon emissions is a major step forward in the global effort to solve the climate crisis. Much more will be required -- including a global agreement from all nations -- but these actions demonstrate a serious commitment by the top two global polluters.
President Xi Jinping's announcement that Chinese emissions will peak around 2030 is a signal of groundbreaking progress from the world's largest polluter. President Obama's commitment to reduce US emissions despite legislative obstruction is a continuation of his strong leadership on the issue.
By demonstrating their willingness to work together, the leaders of the United States and China are opening a new chapter in global climate negotiations. This bold leadership comes at a critical time for our planet when the costs of carbon pollution affect our lives more and more each day.
Follow Al Gore on Twitter: www.twitter.com/algore
More:

ESA Releases First Picture From Surface Of CometEuropean Space Agency Releases 1st Picture From Surface Of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko
 | By                                                                By FRANK JORDANS
reddit
BERLIN (AP) — A shadow was cast — literally — across Europe's historic mission to land on and explore a comet. Scientists said Thursday the landing craft not only bounced twice, it also came to rest next to a cliff that's blocking sunlight from its solar panels.
The good news is that the lander Philae is stable and in good health: Its scientific instruments have already begun gathering reams of data to send back to Earth, including the first pictures taken from the surface of a comet.
The bad news is that its useful lifetime may now be much shorter.
With just a day or two left before the lander's primary battery is exhausted, scientists were considering what acrobatic maneuvers to risk in order to get the solar panels out of the shadows so they can keep Philae going for a few more months.
The first photos sent back to Earth revealed the comet's rocky terrain, including an image that showed one of the lander's three feet in the corner of the frame. They indicate that Philae's instruments are working properly, said Jean-Pierre Bibring, the lander's lead scientist at the European Space Agency.
Before deciding whether to try to adjust the lander, scientists will spend the next day or two collecting as much data as possible while its primary battery still has energy. The lander's solar panels were designed to provide an extra hour of battery life each day after that, but this may not be possible now.
"We see that we get less solar power than we planned for," said Koen Geurts of the lander team.
"This, of course, has an impact on our ... capabilities to conduct science for an extended period of time," he said. "Unfortunately this is not a situation that we were hoping for."
The lander scored a cosmic first Wednesday, touching down on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko after a decade-long, 4 billion-mile (6.4 billion-kilometer) journey through space aboard its mother ship, Rosetta. The comet is streaking through space at 41,000 mph some 311 million miles from Earth.
The landing was beset by a series of problems that began when thrusters meant to push Philae onto the comet failed. Then two harpoons, which should have anchored the lander to the surface, weren't deployed.
This caused the lander to bounce off the comet and drift through the void for two hours before touching down again. After a second smaller bounce, scientists believe it came to rest in a shallow crater on the comet's 2½ mile-wide body, or nucleus.
"We are just in the shadow of a cliff," Bibring said, adding that photos indicate the cliff could be just a few yards (meters) away. "We are in a shadow permanently, and that is part of the problem."
Bibring and his colleagues stressed that the data they'll be able to collect with the primary batteries alone will have made the landing worthwhile.
"A lot of science is getting covered now," he said, noting that soon scientists will get their hands on a tomography of the comet and data showing whether the matter it is made of is magnetized.
But because the lander is just resting on the comet with nothing but low gravity holding it down, Philae will have to hold off on one of the most important experiments — drilling into the comet to extract some of the material buried beneath the surface.
Scientists want to analyze this material because it has remained almost unchanged for 4.5 billion years, making it something of a cosmic time capsule.
"Drilling without being anchored and without knowing how you are on the surface is dangerous. We might just tip over the lander," said Stephan Ulamec, head of operations for Philae. Gravity on the comet is 1/100,000th that of Earth, meaning the washing machine-sized lander weighs just 0.04 ounces (1 gram) there.
Ground controllers will likely wait until the first big batch of data has been collected before attempting to adjust the lander so that its solar panels can catch the sun and charge its batteries.
Communication with the lander is slow, with signals taking more than 28 minutes to travel between Earth and the Rosetta orbiter flying above the comet.
Even if Philae uses up all its energy, it will remain on the comet in a mode of hibernation for the coming months. The comet is on a 6½-year elliptical orbit around the sun, and at the moment it is getting closer. So, in theory, Philae could wake up again if the comet passes the sun in such a way that the solar panels catch more light, Ulamec said.
Meanwhile, the Rosetta orbiter will also use its 11 instruments to analyze the comet over the coming months. Scientists hope the $1.6 billion (1.3 billion euro) project will help them better understand comets and other celestial objects, as well as possibly answer questions about the origins of life on Earth.
___
http://esa.int/rosetta
Welcome to a comet! First CIVA images confirm @Philae2014 is on surface of #67P ! http://t.co/EYSlRFjQBb #CometLanding pic.twitter.com/3OOSKGEh9L
— ESA Rosetta Mission (@ESA_Rosetta) November 13, 2014
More:

Must reject linkage between religion  terror: PM ModiYou are here: Home > Collections > Terrorism
World must reject linkage between religion, terror, says PM Narendra Modi
PTI Nov 13, 2014, 01.09PM IST
Tags:
ASEAN Community
("Challenges of terrorism…)
NAY PYI TAW: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today asserted that the world community must reject any linkage between religion and terrorism while formulating a "genuinely international" partnership in the fight against all forms of terror acts.
In his intervention at the East Asia Summit, the prime minister also said that it should be ensured that cyber and space remain a source of connectivity and prosperity, and not new theatres of conflict.
Leaders of 18 countries including US President Barack Obama and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang are assembled at the one-day ninth East Asian Summit here in the Myanmarese capital.
"We support the East Asia Summit Declaration on the Islamic State (terror group). At the same time, comprehensive response against terrorism requires a genuinely international partnership against all terrorism. Those who believe in humanity must come together. We should also reject any linkage between religion and terrorism," he said.
"Challenges of terrorism and extremism have increased. There is close link with drug trafficking, arms smuggling and money laundering," he added.
On economic issues, Modi pushed for a "balanced" Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement, which gives equal emphasis to goods and services, saying this could become a "springboard" for regional integration and prosperity.
Modi also conveyed India's best wishes for the goal of creating an ASEAN Community in 2015.
"ASEAN's success is an inspiration for broader integration in the Asia-Pacific region. India has great confidence in Asian centrality and leadership in pursuing that goal," he added.
"Since entering office six months ago, my government has moved with a great sense of priority and speed to turn our 'Look East Policy' into 'Act East Policy'. The East Asia Summit is an important pillar of this policy," Modi said.
"No other forum brings together such a large collective weight of global population, youth, economy and military strength. Nor is any other forum so critical for peace, stability and prosperity in Asia-Pacific and the world," he said.
"Over the last eight Summits, we have made progress in a number of areas. We worked on important issues. We have begun to establish a culture and habit of dialogue and cooperation.
"In the same vein, we should also start major initiatives on energy partnership, for example, in the area of solar energy, with the objective of bringing affordable clean energy within the reach of all," he said.
The prime minister said Ebola has once again highlighted the importance of international cooperation in combating pandemics while mentioning India's contribution of USD 12 million as part of the global fight against the deadly virus.
"We also have 251 police personnel, including 104 women personnel, as part of the UN Mission in Liberia. They have all remained on duty in Liberia," Modi said.
He added that the initiatives taken by the East Asia Summit in disaster preparedness and response are truly commendable.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Clayton Kershaw Becomes First Pitcher To Win NL MVP Since 1968Clayton Kershaw, Mike Trout Win MVP Awards
 | By                                                                BEN WALKER
Updated:
11/14/2014  1:59 am EST
LOS ANGELES, CA - JUNE 18:  Pitcher Clayton Kershaw #22 of the Los Angeles Dodgers pitches in the first inning during the MLB game against the Colorado Rockies at Dodger Stadium on June 18, 2014 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Victor Decolongon/Getty Images) | Victor Decolongon via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — For once, Clayton Kershaw was glad to see a long shutout streak end.
Kershaw became the first pitcher to win the National League MVP award since Bob Gibson in 1968, coasting to an easy victory Thursday.
"A little bit of shock, honestly," the Dodgers ace said on a conference call. "I guess I never really anticipated to win that."
A day after unanimously taking the NL Cy Young Award, Kershaw completed a Los Angeles sweep. A little earlier, Angels outfielder Mike Trout was a unanimous pick for the AL MVP.
Trout had been blanked in his bid the past two years, finishing second both times to Detroit slugger Miguel Cabrera. The 23-year-old Trout was the youngest unanimous MVP pick in major league history.
"Just anxious throughout the day," Trout said of the waiting period. "I knew the experience I had the last two years. It helped me with it."
Trout, the MVP of the All-Star game in July, and Kershaw both led their teams to West division titles. In August, they finally faced each in a regular-season game — Trout singled, doubled and struck out looking at Dodger Stadium.
Someday, they hope to meet in October.
"I think in the future we're going to contend for the World Series, year in and year out," Kershaw said.
To do that, they want to improve in the playoffs. Kershaw went 0-2 with a 7.82 ERA against St. Louis in the Division Series, leaving him 1-5 with a 5.12 ERA in the postseason.
The MVP and Cy Young prizes don't "take the sting away of what happened in the playoffs," Kershaw said.
Trout went 1 for 12 in a three-game sweep by Kansas City in his first playoff try.
"It's tough to do. You have all these expectations, you want to do so good," he said.
The awards voting was completed by the end of the regular season.
Kershaw breezed past Miami bopper Giancarlo Stanton and Pittsburgh outfielder Andrew McCutchen to become Most Valuable Player.
While Detroit pitcher Justin Verlander won the AL MVP in 2011, no one on the NL side had done it for nearly a half-century.
There was plenty of everyday player-vs.-pitcher MVP debate before this announcement. Kershaw had acknowledged "there are so many people out there who don't think a pitcher should win."
But the 26-year-old lefty again dominated the hitters — Kershaw led the majors in wins and ERA while going 21-3 with a 1.77 ERA and throwing a no-hitter.
Kershaw got 18 of 30 first-place votes and 355 points in balloting by members of the Baseball Writers' Association of America. He drew nine second-place votes, one third and pair of fourths.
"To be a pitcher and win the MVP, it's pretty awesome," he said.
Stanton got eight first-place ballots and 298 points. He led the NL with 37 homers and was second with 105 RBIs, and missed the last 17 games for the fourth-place Marlins after being hit in the face by a fastball.
McCutchen got four firsts and 271 points in his bid to win the award for the second straight year. He hit .314 with 25 home runs and 83 RBIs for the wild-card Pirates.
Six AL pitchers have won the MVP since Gibson took it for the Cardinals.
Before Gibson, seven pitchers had won the NL MVP, a list that includes Hall of Famers Sandy Koufax, Carl Hubbell and Dizzy Dean.
The AL MVP has been won 12 times by pitchers, starting when it was first presented in 1931 to Lefty Grove.
Kershaw won the major league season opener in Australia on March 22, then missed more than a month when a strained upper back put him on the disabled list.
Featuring sharp breaking pitches, Kershaw came back to win his second straight NL Cy Young and third in four years.
Kershaw led the big leagues in complete games and was best among starters in strikeouts per nine innings and WHIP (walks plus hits per inning).
The four-time All-Star struck out 239 in 198 1-3 innings. On June 18, he threw the first no-hitter of his career, at Dodger Stadium against Colorado.
Trout received all 30 first-place votes and 420 points. Detroit designated hitter Victor Martinez was second with 229 points and Cleveland outfielder Michael Brantley third with 185.
Trout hit .287 and set career highs in home runs (36) and RBIs (111) while leading the major leagues in runs with 115 and extra-base hits with 84. In his third full season, he matched his bests in doubles (39) and triple (nine).
"The power's definitely up," he said. "Getting a little older and a little stronger."
Other numbers also changed. He led the AL with 184 strikeouts and his stolen bases dropped to 16.
Trout was a unanimous pick as the 2012 AL Rookie of the Year and was second in MVP voting to Cabrera in both of his first two full seasons, 81 points back in 2012 and 103 points behind last year.
Trout is the fifth-youngest MVP, STATS said. Vida Blue (1971), Johnny Bench (1970) and Stan Musial (1943) were 22 and Cal Ripken Jr. (1983) was a younger 23.
Kershaw and Trout won the last of baseball's major postseason awards.
Just in time, too. Pitchers and catchers are due at spring training in only 98 days.
Also on HuffPost:

Indian diaspora in Australia hopes Narendra Modis visit will boost tiesIndian diaspora in Australia hopes Narendra Modi’s visit will boost ties; 16,000 to attend his rally in Sydney
Reuters Nov 14, 2014, 05.07AM IST
Tags:
advertising
(He is betting on Modi’s upcoming…)
Since migrating to Sydney from Mumbai in 2000, Praful Desai has maintained economic as well as family ties with his homeland by investing in real estate in Gujarat, the business-friendly state that grew in prominence under then chief minister Narendra Modi .
With Modi now prime minister, Desai says he has the confidence to invest elsewhere in India.
He is betting on Modi's upcoming visit to Australia to strengthen ties with the near 300,000-strong Indian diaspora in the country, with a friendly tax regime for non-residents and options for dual citizenship on the wish list.
"Expat Indians want to connect more with India," said Desai, who works in advertising and is the vice president of the Council of Indian Australians Inc. "Modi will probably give us an assurance that the India growth story is intact. That's the kind of thing people want to hear that will drive a lot of money back home."
Modi's popularity with non-resident Indians was underscored on a recent visit to the United States , where he received a rockstar reception and sold out Madison Square Garden.
He is expected to draw 16,000 people to his rally in Sydney on Monday while 270 people have booked on the "Modi Express" train for fans, which will run from Melbourne to Sydney.
Modi is also expected to meet 200 prominent Indian businessmen and entrepreneurs and students in Sydney. Modi "wants every Indian living in Australia to feel that their leader has come to meet them, he wants to know them and even seek their support for projects back home," an Indian foreign ministry official said.
TRADE, INTELLIGENCE & SECURITY
Modi wants a more comprehensive security and intelligence dialogue with Australia, which is looking at India to buy more minerals in particular. But progress on trade has been slow, with Australian exports to India falling 22% in 2013 to A$12 billion ($10.2 billion). That's a far cry from Australia's A$150 billion two-way trade with China and the A$40 billion goal by 2015 set two years ago by former Prime Minister Julia Gillard .
However, a recently sealed civil nuclear deal to sell uranium to India is seen as a sign of growing trust between the two nations, along with Modi's visit, the first by an Indian leader since 1986. "Exports have fallen but expectations are that this will bounce back," said Rory Medcalf, senior research fellow on India Strategic Affairs at the University of New South Wales.
"The India-Australia relationship is reaching a new maturity and it's reaching a tipping point where it will become a much more comprehensive and trusting relationship." After Australia, Modi is due to visit Fiji, which has a large ethnic Indian community.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aspects the first time entrepreneurs must address right in the beginningYou are here: Home > Collections > Entrepreneurs
Aspects the first time entrepreneurs must address right in the beginning
Nov 13, 2014, 04.18PM IST
(TechGig talked to several…)
By Kanchana Dwarakanath, Timesjobs.com Bureau
You have come up with this brilliant idea, know it will add value to your target segment and have even had the gumption to start your own venture. Something you had always wanted to do. Then you are faced with several issues that you need to take care of. Things you hadn't even remotely thought about.
"From an entrepreneurship perspective some of these are essential safe guards that must be taken. Yet we tend to try and circumvent it or DIY it to cut costs," says Kalyan C Kankala, CEO, serial entrepreneur and CEO of IP Banana. "From my previous experiences I would strongly recommend taking certain steps to stem issues before they become problems at a later date."
TechGig talked to several successful CEOs of SMEs and investment consultants to come up with a few key steps that budding entrepreneurs must address from the word go.
Hiring a corporate lawyer:
"Entrepreneurs often try to get around this with an eye to cut cost," says Ramesh Brindagiri, legal adviser specialising in corporate law. "If you are planning to launch the next big thing and are looking for funds from a funding agency, may even list the company later on. Then, isn't it better to start `right' from the word go. Yes, it is expensive but in the long term it is worth the money because all external agencies you come in touch with, from angels to VCs, look into the legal aspects before putting in money. A perception of professionalism will actually add value to your company."
Forming a legal operating entity:
"Forming a legal operating entity, earlier on, provides not only access to tax advantages, but also addresses issues that may spring up once you have made it and the company is a decade old success," says Sanjay Chugh, CA and Tax Consultant at SV Business Services. "Without early formation of these entities, you have only general agreement documents which are open to disagreements about ownership on technology and company at a later time. The number of companies which have split and subsequently fallen by the way, primarily due to this aspect, are way too many to even record."
There is also another side to this.
"Earlier, startups were founded by people who shared a similar view of the new idea. Today, in their eagerness to become entrepreneurs, friends with different interests and skills are joining hands to form the core team. A big problem," says Anjana Vivek, founder-director VentureBean Consulting Private Limited. "The chances of such an enterprise floundering or splitting are much higher. In such circumstances, it is always good to rely on a formal legal operating entity clearly mentioning accountability of each tool and code."
The product/services is not the company
"In an urge to be funded, budding entrepreneurs start believing that the only thing of value is the service provided or the product they develop. In fact, the true value is much more multi-faceted. Value of the company is the value you bring to the customers, the range or number of customers it affects positively, your employee-skill levels and the customer-employee satisfaction quotient," says Rajasekhar Dandapani, former director, commercial loans, SBI. "This is an all-comprehensive value that is evaluated and should be suitably developed."
"Entrepreneurship is a long haul, even for serial entrepreneurs like me," says Kankala. "For this one needs to consider who-all and at what stage you need to make the sailing smooth. You cannot do it alone and at the same you cannot be hands-off too much either. It is all about balancing the passion-funding-innovation with practical aspects and uncompromising commitment to values at all levels that make it for an entrepreneur in the business space."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Five easy ways to handle being overworked at your officeYou are here: Home > Collections
Five ways to handle being overworked
Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Nov 14, 2014, 07.03AM IST
Tags:
busy
(Do not set unrealistic deadlines…)
Every minute of our life counts, and those who learn the art of balancing work and life in a hypercompetitive world are the true achievers. For this, boundaries need to be clearly defined. Prachi Verma brings you some tips on how to walk the fine balance.
1) Stay Within Limits
Know when to say 'stop'. Never burden yourself with too many responsibilities at work or in your personal life. Also, do not set unrealistic deadlines at work. "This will only result in choking yourself and hardly finding any time for yourself, your family and friends. Do not make work overload a part of your lifestyle," says Manu Midha, vice president, planning and strategy at Infibeam.
2) Prioritise Work
Before stepping out of your house, plan your day. This will help you prioritise between the important and not-so important tasks. Also, while planning the day, incorporate the health aspects too, especially food and exercise. If certain tasks at work can be pushed for another day, speak to your manager . There is no harm in checking with your senior rather than doing something that could be pushed for later.
3) Include Regular Breaks
From exercise to work, space out all your activities. At work, compel yourself to get up for regular water breaks. This will ensure that the body is adequately hydrated and gets a regular stretch with a little walk. Also, remember to snack healthy.
4) Spend Quality time with Family
You can easily fall back on your family or friends to find the drive to return to work the next morning. "It is important to spend quality time with your family and friends to relax from the workload. Do not talk work with your family. The family is a huge source of energy, so make the most of it," adds Midha.
5) Try and avoid the constant use of a smartphone
"Mobile technology allows us to remain connected and responsive 24/7. While being connected at all times adds to flexibility, it also interferes with family time, which can result in frustration. You need to set your own boundaries," says Shweta Tangri, vice-president of human resources at Pearson India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indiabulls AMC planning to raise Rs 1 000 crore via realty fundIndiabulls AMC planning to raise Rs 1,000 crore via realty fund
Kailash Babar, ET Bureau Nov 14, 2014, 04.43AM IST
Tags:
company executive
(Maheshwari will be joining…)
MUMBAI: Indiabulls AMC Ltd is planning to raise a total of Rs 1,000 crore through a real estate fund and it has roped in Ambar Maheshwari, MD, corporate finance, at JLL india, to lead the effort for the newest entrant in mutual fund industry, said a top company executive .
Maheshwari will be joining the company in the next week as CEO of the fund to be known as Indiabulls Real Estate Fund. This will be Indiabulls AMC Ltd's maiden real estate fund and it has already received the Securities & Exchange Board of India's (Sebi) approval for being the fund manager of the same.
The domestic fund, including a green shoe option of Rs 500 crore, is likely to be launched post Sebi's approval for alternative investment fund.
The fund will invest primarily in debt securities through listed non-convertible debentures of developers undertaking residential projects in top 7 property markets of the country, inclduing Mumbai and the National Capital Region.
Indiabulls Real Estate Fund will be targeting returns of around 19-20% through its investments in secured debt of these developers.
"Real estate has touched the bottom of the cycle in the last five years and is now expected to see good times. This is the right time to raise a fund to invest in Indian real estate as developers are looking to get financial support for their development plans," Akshay Gupta, Group Executive Head - Asset Management, Private Equity and Private Wealth at Indiabulls Group, told ET.
Maheshwari confirmed the decision to join and lead Indiabulls Real Estate Fund through a text response, but declined to elaborate on the fund raising plan. Maheshwari had joined property consultancy JLL India as MD, corporate finance in June 2011. Prior to this, he held key positions in companies such as DTZ, KPMG, Ambit Corporate Finance and Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services.
Maheshwari has over 19 years experience in corporate finance and consulting across a wide range of industries. Gupta is confident that with a 10-member dedicated team led by Maheshwari, coupled with his experience, the fund will receive good response.
"We are hoping to conclude the fund raising in six months of launching the same following Sebi's approval. We are also considering launching an offshore fund following that in the next year," Gupta said.
According to Gupta, early macro indicators like GDP growth and employment numbers are showing signs of recovery in the housing market. However, he also admitted that currently there's an inventory hangover in the housing market that is getting cleared and one can expect the market to turn positive after that.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Shale boom masks threat to world oil supply: IEABrazil
(Global oil consumption…)
LONDON: The US shale boom masks threats to global oil supply including Middle East turmoil, conflict in Ukraine and the difficulty of unconventional oil pro duction beyond North America , the International Energy Agency said.
"The global energy system is in danger of falling short of the hopes and expectations placed upon it," the IEA said on November 12 in its annual World Energy Outlook. "The short-term picture of a well-supplied oil market should not disguise the challenges that lie ahead as reliance grows on a relatively small number of producers."
Global oil consumption will rise to 104 million barrels a day in 2040 from 90 million barrels a day in 2013, driven by demand for transport fuel and petrochemicals in developing countries, the report said. To meet that growth and replace exhausted fields will require about $900 billion a year in investment by the 2030s as oil companies develop fields from Canada's oil sands to the deep waters off Brazil , the IEA said.
Benchmark oil prices in New York dropped more than 20% this year as crude production in the US reached the highest in 40 years. This is threatening investment in the global industry as companies try to insulate profits from the price fall.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Was Jawaharlal Nehru a fool as shown by right-wingersNovember 14, 2014, 4:22 am IST Abheek Barman in Folk Theorem | India , Times View | ET
355
Jawaharlal Nehru would have been alive at 125 years old today, had he been some sort of superhero from a franchise like X-Men. He was India’s first prime minister, one of the great inspirations behind our democratic constitution, a charismatic and popular political leader. Nehru set up our first atomic research centre and our first statistics institutes, rocket launchers, as well as the IITs and IIMs.
He also pushed VKRV Rao, an eminent academic, to establish my alma mater, the Delhi School of Economics in 1949, two years after Independence and two years before our Constitution was finally debated through and written. Two years later, in 1951, the first IIT was set up in Kharagpur, Bengal. Nehru knew his chops: for him the economy came first, then technology and management. However, for the last 20 years, at least, if not more, he’s been characterized a fool by right wing critics who want laissez faire policies in India.
Over the last 25 years or so, many writers and commentators have pointed out that Nehru – our undisputed leader after Gandhi’s assassination in 1948 –could have guided India towards a kind of untrammeled capitalism as practiced by Lee Kwan Yew’s Singapore in the early 1960s. This is an impossible assumption. Lee came to office in 1959, more than a decade after Nehru. This is plain dumb.
When Nehru came to office as the first prime minister of the first decolonised country after WW-II, he inherited a lot of baggage: global trade had shrunk because of the ravages of war and the damage that German and other submarines could do to ships carrying cargo or men. Autarky, or self-dependence was the order of the day.
The Germans and Italians were pioneers in this, as they promoted their own industries in favour of others, but in the end, war took the final toll on global trade. How could Nehru globalise newly-independent India, if nobody else was willing to trade or invest abroad?
One exception to this rule was a plan proposed and implemented by US’ George Marshall, to rebuild Europe, including a devastated Germany, with foreign aid. Japan, already nuked by America, got an abridged version of the Marshall Plan, implemented by Joseph Dodge, a banker under the supervision of a wary General Macarthur. India, devastated by war and famine, got nothing.
Then came Partition, on our western and eastern frontiers, with total devastation and the antagonism between person and person, caste and religion. This is the economic and social background into which Nehru stepped in, in 1947.
The trauma of Independence is long under-appreciated – the only stories told are of the massacres in western India-Pakistan. The underlying story is far more serious: according to economist Angus Maddison’s painstaking calculations, the average Indian’s income, (in 1990 dollars) was $550 in 1600, when the average Briton made $974, 43% more. By 1947, the year of de-colonisation, the difference had to swelled more than 10-times: the average Indian was making $618, the average Brit was making $6,361.
When it came to choosing a model for economic growth, Nehru had two: European capitalism or Soviet socialism. He chose to go by the numbers. During his time, he must have been impressed by the inflated Soviet figures. But decades later, even after adjusting for Soviet lies, Nehru cannot be faulted.
Maddison again gives us the clues: by the time the first Plan was being drawn up, western Europe was growing at 3.6%, the Soviet Union at 6.5%, even according to the deflated numbers. By 1958, the Soviets were charging along at 7.5% while Europe had fallen back to 2.4%. The year Nehru died, 1964, exactly 50 years to the year, Europe grew at 5.9%. The Soviets made 12.9%. To Nehru, a person who went by empiricism and not cant or grandmothers’ stories, it was a simple choice to make. He made India what it is today.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Congress and BJP have a riot of words over Jawaharlal NehruBJP
(Jawaharlal Nehru’s 125th…)
NEW DELHI: Jawaharlal Nehru's 125th birth anniversary eve turned into a bad-tempered battle on Thursday, with BJP and Congress trading barbs, accusing each other of current and historical wrongs — and not inviting each other for their respective Nehru celebration events. Sonia and Rahul Gandhi, Congress president and V-P, respectively, called BJP illiberal, angry and governing by photo-ops.
Congress pointedly did not invite BJP leaders for its Nehru celebration functions.
BJP, whose government had celebrated Nehru without inviting the Gandhis, responded by saying the most harm to Nehru's legacy had been done by Nehru-Gandhis themselves and that photo-ops were a Rahul Gandhi speciality. Sonia Gandhi's strong attack on BJP urged Congressmen to fight those out to "demolish Nehru's idea of a liberal India." Her son, Rahul, said "angry people" are ruling India now and undoing Congress' "good work".
BJP responded in kind. The party's general secretary Murlidhar Rao told ET, "Congress has already demolished Nehru. Who dismantled Nehruvian socialism in 1991? Congress leadership has dismantled all aspects of Nehru's legacy of socio-economic policies long ago. Now, there is a big problem if one family tries to appropriate Nehru's legacy," Rao, an RSS wholetimer-turned-BJP politician, also argued RSS or BJP has not changed its attitude towards Nehru, but has merely acknowledged the role of the leader in steering the nation at a critical juncture.
"That does not mean that we accept everything that Nehru has said or done. Even Congress cannot do it because our world is not the one Nehru inhabited," said Rao.
Mohan Gopal, head of the Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Contemporary Studies told ET that, "from its inception, the only aim of the Indian right wing is to fight and defeat the Gandhi-Nehru ideology of social harmony, particularly, Hindu-Muslim unity, and the establishment of a new social order in which the masses enjoy equality and freedom. Any pretense of respect for, or acceptance of, any aspect of Gandhi and Nehru thought by the right-wing is only subterfuge intended to distort and confuse people about their true message and legacy."
Congress leader Beni Prasad Verma termed Modi's celebration of Nehru as a Congress victory: "The present prime minister , who had given the slogan of Congressfree India, first remembered Patel, then Gandhi and now Nehru. It is a good thing. Till the memories of these leaders remain among the people, the country cannot be free of Congress."
Such Congress claims received strong counters from the Sangh Parivar. Former editor of the RSS magazine, Organiser, R Balashankar, argued there is no change of heart in the Sangh Parivar over Nehru. "RSS has its own icons, but it has also inherited all the icons of the national movement as they belong to the entire nation. All the leaders of the national movement are our leaders too. Nehru led the country for 17 years. He was a patriot and we acknowledge it."
But Balashankar also hinted at the parivar's ideal approach to preserving Nehru's legacy: "It was Congress that distorted Nehru's image by giving him more importance than even Mahatma Gandhi...by appointing official historians to write about Nehru and to compile his writings. All that needs to be changed."
BJP's counter-attacks gained force after Sonia and Rahul Gandhi's pointed barbs at the party and its PM. "Massive attempts are on to destroy the vision of Nehru, the way he used to look at India. The forces which are doing this are targeting not only his persona but also his ideology, his vision, his life-long contributions and struggle," Sonia had said.
Rahul was no less critical. "They (BJP government) said do away with English. We should work only in Hindi. Had we done this after independence, our youths would not have been able to go to IITs, IIMs and foreign countries. Big promises were made and it was claimed that this or that will happen. But nothing of that sort has come out so far. Only photo opportunities are happening. I am fully confident that it is the Congress party which will once again lead the country."
BJP's response, that Rahul Gandhi's life has been a series of photoops, was as quick as it was in keeping with the day's political mood. Political scientist Jyotirmaya Sharma dubbed this entire exercise as poverty of ideas and principles. "A nation that has nothing to show in terms of ideas or soft power, only such a nation needs heroes. Only a nation that can't rectify its present harks back to the past. These parties are merely appropriating people and not their principles. A country that puts people before principles is doomed to mediocrity and failure. I think it was Brecht who said, pity the nation that needs heroes," said Sharma.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India is what it is today because of Nehru: President Pranab MukherjeeAtal Bihari Vajpayee
(Prez Pranab Mukherjee hailed…)
NEW DELHI: President Pranab Mukherjee today hailed Jawaharlal Nehru as the "Jewel of India," insisting that what the country is today is because of the vision of the first Prime Minister.
"I conclude...saluting and paying my humble respects to Jawahar, the Jewel of India. India is what it is today because of Nehru, his vision and his lifetime of dedication to the nation," the President said.
Delivering the 46th Jawaharlal Nehru Memorial Lecture on the eve of his 125th birth anniversary, Mukherjee said, "Nehru's services to India are immeasurable. He was one of the greatest figures of our times...
"If India is a vibrant democracy today, it is because of the foundations laid by Nehru. If India has become the third largest economy.....it is because of the multi-purpose projects, the PSUs and institutions of higher learning established by Nehru," he said.
Dwelling on Nehru's contribution to parliamentary democracy in the country, Mukherjee said that the first Prime Minister was aware that the lack of an established opposition meant significant weakness in the system.
"I do not want India to be a country in which millions of people say 'yes' to one man, I want a strong opposition," the President said quoting Nehru.
He recalled that even though there was no formal opposition party during Nehru's time, the first Prime Minister gave "highest respect" to opposition leaders like Shyama Prasad Mukherjee, Hiren Mukherjee, H V Kamath, A K Gopalan and Ashok Mehta, all of whom were members of the first Lok Sabha.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee who was elected to the second Lok Sabha and Ram Manohar Lohia who became member of the third Lok Sabha also received "special attention" from Nehru, the President said.
"Nehru's life and vision, his struggles and his achievements were no less than epic. But it is his deep democratic spirit and practice of a politics vested in the sovereignty of the people that is his most precious legacy to us," Mukherjee remarked.
The manner in which 66.4 per cent of the country's 834 million strong electorate exercised their vote in the elections to the 16th Lok Sabha is the "best validation" of Nehru's efforts in this regard, he said.
Turning to secularism, the President said Nehru was secular to the core. "It was because of Nehru's consistent efforts that India established itself as a secular state with equal rights for all regardless of their religious affiliation," he observed.
"Let us celebrate his legacy and draw inspiration from his life to take our nation toward greater and greater glory," the President said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What Europe s new high-speed train looks likePlease answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

Eight hottest selfie smartphones you can buy today8 hottest selfie phones you can buy today
14 Nov, 2014
Anupam Saxena, TOI Tech
The growing selfie craze has brought the secondary camera in smartphones into focus.
The 'oft-neglected' front camera is witnessing not only megapixel jump but also addition of several new features.
As a result, the past few months have seen the launch of several new selfie-friendly smartphones in the market.
We've picked the best 'selfie' smartphones from the lot for all those who love clicking their own pictures or even including their loved ones in the frame.

Rosetta: Philae lander makes historic touchdown on cometRosetta: Philae lander makes historic touchdown on comet
13 Nov, 2014
Tweet
Text: AP
Hundreds of millions of miles from Earth, a European spacecraft made history by successfully landing on the icy, dusty surface of a speeding comet - an audacious cosmic first designed to answer big questions about the origin of the universe.
The European Space Agency celebrated the cosmic achievement after sweating through a tense seven-hour countdown that began when the Philae lander dropped from the agency's Rosetta space probe toward the comet as both hurtled through space at 66,000 kph.
In pic: ESA handout image shows comet 67P/CG, acquired by the ROLIS instrument on the Philae lander during descent.

Sister Abhaya case: Two lab technicians acquittedSister Abhaya was found dead in 1992
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:25 am
The Chief Judicial Magistrate Court in Thiruvananthapuram on Friday acquitted two former staff members of the Chemical Examination Lab in connection with the case pertaining to the alleged tampering of the chemical analysis report in the murder case of Catholic nun Abhaya in 1992.
Then chief chemical examiner R Geetha and then chemical analyst M Chitra have now been acquitted in the case, registered in 2007.  The case followed a complaint from activist Jomon Puthenpurackal, who had relied upon a newspaper report that the work book register pertaining to the examination of internal organs of Abhaya was tampered with to cover up that the nun was raped before being murdered.
The CJM found that the charges against the alleged accused were untenable.
The nun’s body was found in her convent well in Kottayam in March 1992.
The issue related to the tampering of the chemical examination workbook came up in 2007.  The case related to the tampering gave a fresh impetus for the probe into the mysterious death of the nun. A year later, in 2008, the CBI had arrested two priests and a nun in the Abhaya murder case in 2008, in a different case.
According the complainant, the manuscript of the workbook report at the laboratory pertaining to chemical examinations of Abhaya’s vaginal swabs and smear had shown corrections in four places. Referring to the presence of semen in the swabs, the word “detected” and the word “not” added.
The court acted swiftly and ordered the police to seize the original work register, which was sent to the Central Forensic Science Laboratory in Hyderabad to examine whether the register was manipulated or not. The CFSL had found that the workbook was tampered with. Subsequently, the court framed charges against lab officials Geetha and Chitra. They were slapped with conspiracy, forgery and tampering.
Whereas the stand of the alleged accused was it was a usual practice at the laboratory to enter preliminary findings in the register. If required, the preliminary entries would be corrected during the detailed examination and necessary corrections made in the final report.
Geetha and Chitra said they were relieved from seven years of torture. “Some vested interests in the office might have worked against us. Otherwise, why was the issue was raked up in 2007, 15 years after we prepared the chemical report,” they asked.

DLF debt up 4% at Rs 19 944 cr  to raise Rs 3 600 crDLF debt up 4 per cent at Rs 19,944 cr, to raise Rs 3,600 cr
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 14:14 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
DLF's net debt rose by Rs 817 crore during the second quarter of this financial year to Rs 19,944 crore while it plans to raise Rs 3,600 crore through an issue of securities backed by commercial assets to replace costlier debt.
The company had on Thursday reported 9 per cent rise in consolidated net profit at Rs 109.06 crore for the quarter ended September on account of higher sales and lower expenses.
According to an analyst presentation, DLF's net debt stood at Rs 19,944 crore as on September 30, against Rs 19,127 crore at the end of June quarter. Still, DLF said: "Despite difficult business conditions, the company is fully committed to meet its obligations to all its stakeholders."
In the presentation, the realty major said it is getting ready for a large Commercial Mortgage Backed Securities (CMBS) offering of Rs 3,600 crore approximately.
In May, DLF had launched the country's first CMBS to raise Rs 525 crore against a shopping mall 'DLF Emporio' in the national capital. Later in June, it raised another Rs 375 crore through CMBS backed by 'DLF Promenade' mall in Delhi, taking the total proceeds to Rs 900 crore.
On the debt situation, DLF said that of the total debt, development (housing) business contributed about Rs 6,000 crore and rental business Rs 14,000 crore.
DLF further said indicative ratings by two rating agencies are in place and it is awaiting final rating evaluation letters to further improve the quality of debt.
It said the company intends to keep the net debt of the development arm (DevCo) range bound (+/-) Rs 1,000 crore across medium-term through tactical divestments to or JVs with strategic or financial investors.
In August, DLF Executive Director (Finance) Saurabh Chawla had said that the company would raise Rs 3,000-3,500 crore through CMBS backed by a large IT special economic zone.

Sukhoi-30s to be back in air in week s time: Air Force ChiefPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 14, 2014 3:48 pm
India’s frontline combat aircraft Sukhoi-30 fleet, which was grounded after a crash near Pune, will be back in air ‘within a week’s time’, Air Force Chief Arup Raha on Friday said.
He also said that the findings of a Court of Inquiry into the crash are being finalised.
This is the longest period that the Russian-made aircraft has been grounded since 2009 when its operation was suspended for nearly three weeks following an accident.
“This (Pune crash on October 14) was an accident which appeared to be automatic firing of the seats. Court of Inquiry is about to be complete and the findings are being finalised. We will have the results very soon and we are going to start flying the aircraft very soon,” Raha said.
He said that “preliminary findings” do indicate that they have been able to find the reason and “we will be able to tackle the problem without much issue”.
“I am very hopeful that the CoI will end soon and we will be able to fly this fleet all over again and get back to normal,” he said.
Asked specifically how long will it take for the Sukhoi flights to resume, he said, “Within a week’s time we will start flying this aircraft.”
Talking about the issues related to after sales support by Russians, the Air Force Chief said SU-30 is a “huge and complicated project” under which 270 plus aircraft are being acquired from Russia.
“Of course IAF has been involved in final configuration of the aircraft. A lot of it is from our side, indigenous and from other sources. So this is a huge project, a complicated project,” the Chief of Air Staff said.
Raha said the aircraft has good operation capabilities but there are spare supply issues that are being tackled.
“Any equipment that you buy, whether it is your own indigenous or from outside, it has its own problems and issues. Whatever you mentioned is being tackled,” he said, replying to questions about lack of proper post-sales support from Russians and huge delay in setting up of repair and overhaul facilities here.
Raha said the Air Force has been interacting with officials from Russia and HAL, which is also involved in the licensed production of aircraft and maintenance activities.
“All these are complicated procedures. It involves not only technology but also fiances. But these are being resolved. I will not say everything is in order but things are being worked out which happens in any product. There is distinct improvement, he said.
A team of 10 experts from Russia is currently in Pune, the Sukhoi-30 base, probing the crash that took place on October 14 near there with both the pilot seats ejecting without any command during landing.
The pilots were safe but the aircraft crashed about 20 kms short of the runway.
As standard operating procedure, the flying of the aircraft was suspended and a CoI ordered.
The sources said the Russian experts have claimed that the ejection of seats cannot take place automatically, a contention that is not being accepted by the Indian Air Force.

Bigg Boss 8: Inside this house  friendships are the biggest casualtiesComments
Friday's episode officially spells the end of friendships inside the Bigg Boss house. The day begins with Bigg Boss announcing the captaincy task for the week: Diandra is supposed to choose one candidate for captaincy. Dimpy and Pritam are automatically nominated for the captaincy as they won they previous task Sab Dhurandar Hotel Ke Andar. When her turn comes, Diandra selects Praneet as her candidate, while Gautam gets the vote from other housemates. 
Gautam and Sonali in Bigg Boss house.
The four contenders, Gautam, Dimpy, Pritam and Praneet, are told that they are required to hold on to a ring and the person who holds on to it till the end will be chosen captain. The already souring relationship of Pritam, Praneet and Gautam reaches crossroads with the task. Gautam questions Praneet and Pritam’s loyalty in their friendship and Praneet and Pritam lose their cool, announcing the end of their friendship with Gautam.
Meanwhile, Karishma complains to Aarya and Upen about her best friend in the house, Diandra for not considering her as a probable contestant for captaincy. Aarya and Upen, who were stunned to hear that Karishma wanted to be nominated as captain, also mention that they are surprised by Diandra’s nomination and selection of candidates for the next captain of the house.
Eager to revive his friendship, Gautam tries to speak to Pritam and Praneet in Puneet’s presence, but in vain as Pritam and Praneet refuse to budge!
Catch all the drama at 9pm on COLORS TV.
comment Note: By posting your comments here you agree to the terms and conditions of www.hindustantimes.com

Message From ISIS Leader Emerges After Injury ReportsISIS Leader Al Baghdadi Vows To Keep Fighting In Audio Statement
 | By                                                                DIAA HADID
Updated:
11/13/2014  4:59 pm EST
An image grab taken from a video released on July 5, 2014 by Al-Furqan Media shows alleged Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi preaching during Friday prayer at a mosque in Mosul. (Al-Furqan Media/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images) | Anadolu Agency via Getty Images
reddit
BEIRUT (AP) — In a recording released days after he was reported to be wounded in an airstrike, the leader of the Islamic State group said the U.S.-led coalition's campaign had failed and it would eventually have to send ground troops into battle.
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi urged his followers to "explode the volcanoes of jihad everywhere," according to the 17-minute message posted online Thursday. The recording appeared authentic, matching previous ones from the group.
The statement surfaced four days after Iraqi officials said al-Baghdadi was wounded in an airstrike in Iraq. It was not clear when the recording was made, but there were references to events since the weekend — including pledges of allegiance to the IS group by militants in Libya and Egypt.
It also was unclear why the message was only an audio recording. Al-Baghdadi has made only one public appearance since declaring himself caliph, delivering a sermon at a mosque sermon in June in the Iraqi city of Mosul. An earlier audio recording from him is believed to have inspired militants in Algeria to behead a French national.
The latest recording was his first since the U.S. and other partners in the alliance began an air campaign against the extremist fighters in both Iraq and Syria. Other messages from the group, including videos of U.S. and British captives being beheaded by the group, have shown other speakers.
In Washington, U.S. Army Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told Congress on Thursday that the United States would consider dispatching a modest number of American forces to fight with Iraqi troops as they engage in more complex missions in the campaign against Islamic State militants.
"I'm not predicting at this point that I would recommend that those forces in Mosul and along the border would need to be accompanied by U.S. forces, but we're certainly considering it," Dempsey told the House Armed Services Committee.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said the coalition had made progress against the militants since beginning its efforts in September.
"ISIL's advance in parts of Iraq has stalled, and in some cases been reversed, by Iraqi, Kurdish, and tribal forces supported by U.S. and coalition airstrikes," Hagel said in testimony to the House Armed Services Committee, using an acronym for the Islamic State group. "But ISIL continues to represent a serious threat to American interests, our allies, and the Middle East ... and wields influence over a broad swath of territory in western and northern Iraq and eastern Syria."
The mostly Sunni extremists have seized large parts of Syria and Iraq. They later announced their proto-state straddling the two countries, where they have implemented a violent interpretation of Islamic law, including public beheadings, massacring rebellious tribes and selling women and children of religious minorities into slavery.
President Barack Obama had authorized the deployment of advisory teams and trainers to bolster struggling Iraqi forces. Obama's plan could boost the total number of American troops in Iraq to 3,100. There are about 1,400 U.S. troops there, out of the 1,600 previously authorized.
Al-Baghdadi said in his statement that the coalition effort had failed to repel his fighters.
"They thought and they estimated, they planned and they conspired, and they prepared to hit the Islamic State, and then they emerged with a failed plan that was to shell the sites of the Islamic State, and its brigades and its vehicles and its soldiers to halt its advance ... but quickly the failure of this plan was apparent," he said. "Soon the Jews and Crusaders will be forced to descend to earth, and to send its ground forces to its end and destruction, by God's will."
He pointed to the announcement of additional troops as proof the airstrikes were not working.
"And here is Obama, sending another 1,500 troops, claiming they are advisors, because the strikes of the Crusaders that continue night and day on the sites of the Islamic State have not halted its advance," al-Baghdadi said.
He urged Muslims to wage holy war everywhere, and to attack and kill "apostates" in Saudi Arabia and Yemen specifically. He also vowed that his group's advance would "reach Rome." Islamic militants often refer to Rome as a symbol of Europe.
More:

ISIS Plans To Start Minting Its Own MoneyIslamic State Plans To Start Minting Its Own Currency
 | By                                                                By MAAMOUN YOUSSEF
reddit
CAIRO (AP) — The leader of the Islamic State group has ordered the terror organization to start minting gold, silver and copper coins for its own currency — the Islamic dinar.
A website affiliated with the group posted the order late Thursday, saying IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi instructed his followers to mint the coins to "change the tyrannical monetary system" modelled on Western economies that "enslaved Muslims."
The order was approved by the Islamic State group's Shura Council, an advisory board, according to the website. The authenticity of the posting could not be independently verified but the website has been used in the past for IS postings.
After seizing large swaths of Iraqi and Syrian territory earlier this year, the Islamic State group proclaimed a caliphate on lands under its control. It has also sought to implement its harsh interpretation of Islamic law, or Sharia, and al-Baghdadi has proclaimed himself the caliph.
According to photographs of coin prototypes, they carry the words in Arabic: "The Islamic State / A Caliphate Based on the Doctrine of the Prophet."
It's unclear where the Islamic State group intends to get the gold, silver and copper for the coins. It said the dinar's purchasing power would be its weight in gold, silver or copper.
One of the gold coins carries the symbol of seven stalks of wheat, mentioned in the Quran, while another has the map of the world, a reference to Islam someday ruling the entire world.
One of the silver coins shows a sword and a shield in a reference to holy war, or jihad while another has a minaret symbolizing Damascus mentioned in one of the Prophet Muhammad's sayings.
Another coin carries the symbol of the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem, where the Prophet prayed. It's revered as Islam's third-holiest place, complete with the site's iconic gold-topped Dome of the Rock, which enshrines the rock from which Muslims believe the Prophet ascended to heaven.
The copper coins carry the symbol of the crescent moon and three palm trees, also significant in Islam.
The posting said instructions from the Islamic State's treasury department would be forthcoming, explaining to the people how to use the currency.
More:

CAN T ALWAYS GET WHAT YOU WANTAmazon Probably Didn't Get What It Wanted In The Hachette Deal
Posted:
Updated:
11/14/2014  1:59 pm EST
The logo of U.S. online retail giant Amazon is displayed on the Brieselang logistics center, west of Berlin on November 11, 2014.  (JOHN MACDOUGALL/AFP/Getty Images)  | JOHN MACDOUGALL via Getty Images
reddit
On Thursday, Amazon and Hachette said they had ended their bitter, monthslong dispute over ebook pricing.
Each company released a statement from executives who said they were happy with the resolution. Michael Pietsch, the CEO of the book publisher Hachette, called it "great news for writers," and said that the new deal "will benefit Hachette authors for years to come."
Amazon's David Naggar, vice president of Kindle, said the company is "pleased with" the new agreement and that it "will be a great win for readers and authors alike."
Neither company will discuss the terms of the deal. But it seems that Hachette is the winner here -- Amazon doesn't appear to have gotten what it wanted.
At the peak of the nastiness over the summer, when Amazon was slowing shipments of some Hachette books and removing presale buttons on others, and after Comedy Central host Stephen Colbert eviscerated the retail giant in a popular segment on his show , Amazon made the very rare move of going public with what it wanted from Hachette -- namely, $9.99 pricing on most ebooks.
"A key objective is lower e-book prices," Amazon's Books Team wrote in a July 29 letter posted to the Kindle forum , calling ebook prices of $14.99 and $19.99 "unjustifiably high." Amazon's argument was that lower ebook prices would lead to more ebook sales, increasing the size of "the total pie."
Under this proposal, Amazon would keep 30 percent of the revenue, and the author and publisher would each get 35 percent.
But the ability to set lower prices evidently isn't what Amazon got in the end.
Neither company is saying much about the specifics of the deal, but we do know that Hachette, not Amazon, will be controlling the price of its ebooks. In a letter to Hachette authors and agents, posted by CNN's Brian Stelter, Pietsch wrote that the company will get "full responsibility for the consumer prices of our ebooks," and that "the percent of revenue on which Hachette authors’ ebook royalties are based will not decrease under this agreement."
Amazon, according to the statement released by both companies, will provide incentives for Hachette to have lower ebook prices, though the details remain unclear.
Sarah Kahn, an industry analyst at the market researcher IBISWorld, said the agreement shows that Hachette was able to wield some power in the negotiation.
"It definitely means that large publishers have some kind of impact to negotiate with Amazon," said Kahn.
"They both needed this deal," she continued. "Hachette wants to sell books and Amazon needs to keep its reputation intact, especially before the holiday season."
Hachette declined to comment beyond the statement issued on Thursday, and Amazon did not return a request for comment Friday morning.
More:

DC Strikers Demand  More Than the Minimum  for Federal Workersreddit
Should our government be for good jobs with good wages and benefits -- the things most of We the People want in our lives? Or should it be for bad jobs, low wages, no benefits -- the very things that a wealthy few (who like to call themselves "job creators") have become known for, just so they can pocket that pay difference for themselves?
In other words, who is our government for? The broad masses of regular, working people or a very few already-wealthy people?
President Obama has used executive orders to boost the minimum wage and raise workplace standards for employees of federal contractors.
Campaign for America's Future, Progressive Congress, Good Jobs Nations, and a coalition of progressive organizations have released a "More Than The Minimum" plan calling on President Obama to use executive actions to make the federal government a "model employer" by further raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour with decent benefits, and giving federal contract workers the right to collectively bargain.
Join Progressive Congress, Good Jobs Nations, and a coalition of progressive organizations, calling on President Obama to use more Executive Action to help federal contract workers by raising the minimum wage to $15/hr and giving workers the right to collectively bargain.
A Strike Drives the Point Home
As Laura Clawson reported at Daily Kos , several hundred government contract workers in Washington held a strike Thursday to protest their low wages. Led by Good Jobs Nation, they are calling for a higher minimum wage and allow the workers to unionize.
Five members from the Congressional Progressive Caucus (CPC) joined government contract workers who shared their struggles to make ends meet on their hourly salaries to call for a higher minimum wage and allow the workers to unionize.
Joseph Geevarghese, director of Good Jobs Nation, said:
"In red states, and blue states alike, Americans voted to pass ballot measures to raise wages and improve working conditions. Brothers and sisters, our president kicked off the national movement to raise wages when he signed the executive order to raise wages for low wage workers. Before the ink on the order was dry, CEOs from companies like the GAP, IKEA and Disney followed the president's example and raised pay for their workers. Not only that, but the mayors of cities such as New York, Chicago and Philadelphia followed the executive order to raise wages for their contract workers."
"Is $10.10 enough to raise your family? Is $10.10 enough to chase the American Dream?"
Thomas Jones, a worker in the Capitol, said,
I'm a contract worker for the US Capitol. I cook meals for congressmen, lobbyists, and the workers upstairs. but the workers in the basement live in poverty. I'm going on six years [at this job] and struggling to get by on $12 an hour. I have a dream of getting married and raising a family. I've done all the right things. Mr. President, we are calling for good jobs and a union.
Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.)  and a member of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, said,
We need to raise the minimum wage and we need to do it now. $10.10 is not enough. Minimum wage? Do you want a minimum marriage? Do you want a minimum coat in the winter time? Would you like minimum transportation? A minimum car means you might get there, you might not. Better than nothing, but not good enough. We need a livable wage, and we need union representation, collective bargaining. Because workers need to be able to say to the people on the other side of the table 'we are the people that keep this place clean, we keep this place safe, without us this place does not work. If the CEO does not show up, nothing happens, if we don't show up, this place stops."
I heard you when you said you want something better for your children. What's wrong with that? We are standing at the Capitol, and it's a stain on us all, the members of congress, that you do not have enough pay to meet your basic necessities, even though you work hard.
People talk about job growth. 'Oh we have this much job growth, we have this many months of job creation.' That's good. I know there's a number of jobs out there, I know people that have three of them.
Geevarghese also said:
This strike is fundamentally about the type of democracy that we want to have. Do we want to have an economy that the handful, the few, rake in all the wealth and leave people like Dawn struggling to keep food on the table and shelter over their heads. That's the choice that's in front of us, what kind of country are we going to have? Today, as taxpayers we are demanding that our taxpayer dollars go to create good jobs and help these workers live the life they are called to live.
Richard Long, a fellow with Campaign for America's Future, contributed to this post.
----

Keystone Vote: Three Years Late  and for the Wrong Reasonreddit
The Keystone XL pipeline extension, proposed by TransCanada Pipeline to increase capacity of oil from Canada to refining centers on the Gulf Coast, has become a political football over the last several years, a victim of hyperbole and demagoguing, is coming up for a vote on Capitol Hill maybe as early as today.  The reason? A runoff election for the US Senate between Democrat Mary Landrieu and Republican challenger US Representative Bill Cassidy, who is so far leading in the polls.  
Landrieu, an oil industry-friendly Democrat, has been fighting for her political life during this midterm election season where Republicans have recently swept both the House and Senate, as well as many state houses and governor's mansions.  The rush to vote is a Hail Mary by the Democrats to save Landrieu.  The Republicans are claiming the vote for themselves and their guy.  The reality, unfortunately, is that the XL pipeline has become cannon fodder in the war of words in Washington, relegated to that status after the Obama administration punted on what should have been an easy decision three years ago.
First, a refresher on the XL pipeline.  The most important fact to understand is that there already is a Keystone pipeline and has been for years.  It carries oil south from Canada and northern production points to refining centers in the midwest.  The proposed extension, dubbed XL, provides a more direct route to northern refineries as well as an additional leg down to refining centers on the Gulf Coast.  When completed, the extension will add about another 830,000 barrels of oil capacity to our refining centers.  Some of this oil is scheduled to come from the oil sands projects in Alberta, but also will pick up oil being produced from the prolific Bakken play in North Dakota, producing now just over 1 million barrels of oil per day and still increasing. Today, much of that oil is being shipped by rail, one of the least secure forms of oil transportation.  This pipeline would reduce a significant portion of that now being shipped by rail.
Rather than allowing routine approval of the project to cross the US border, Obama folded under pressure from environmentalists in 2011, punting the decision to "further study." Now XL has become a do-or-die issue for both sides, screaming at the top of their lungs for their own positions.
Much to the consternation of many of my friends in the environmental community, I have always supported the construction of this project.  My reasons are pretty simple:  First, and most important, is that it's a national security issue.  We still import around half of our daily burn of oil from other countries.  Admittedly, our largest import partners are already Canada and Mexico, but we still import about 3 million barrels a day from OPEC countries .  If we can get another 800,000 barrels a day by more secure pipeline, I would rather do that than import from elsewhere or transport by rail, which is easily disrupted.  Second, we have over 2.5 million miles of pipeline in the US today, with about 150,000 miles of that in crude and product pipelines.  I maintain that the XL pipeline is not some grand tipping point that will somehow single handedly destroy the planet as many environmentalists like to declare.
Now, you'll notice I didn't mention jobs or economy.  The Republicans like to shout about how much this will add to the economy, but again, that's hyperbole and nonsense.  Sure, it will provide a couple of thousand temporary jobs during construction, but permanent jobs will likely be much less than 50 for the pipe itself.  On the other hand, though, having more supply of crude will make it an easier decision for refiners and transporters to invest in their own infrastructure, which certainly won't hurt the economy by any means.  Either way, it's not some gigantic factor either way.  It's simply an incremental project.
Even with all the shouting between sides, though, we're still not discussing the real issue: The United States of America has no comprehensive energy policy, and we stumble, under the terrible lack of leadership in Washington, from crisis to crisis with little effort to reduce our overall demand for heavy hydrocarbons such as crude and coal.  With a long view to promoting fuel efficiency, which is the fastest and most effective way to reduce hydrocarbon use, actual incentives to grow alternative energy sources, and a strong government bias against heavy fuels towards lighter and non-hydrocarbon fuels, we can convert our economy to one of sustainability and vibrant growth; however, it takes a concerted effort and adults driving the bus.  We have neither.
We need to clearly understand that our political leaders don't lead; they follow.  LBJ didn't push the Civil Rights Act because it was certainly the right thing to do, he did it because thousands and thousands of people were marching.  We didn't end the Viet Nam war because it was the right thing to do; we ended it because thousands and thousands of people were marching, sick of watching carnage on national network news every night.  Nobody is marching about energy policy (at least in enough numbers); no one is pounding on politicians' doors demanding a comprehensive policy.  Special interests bribe politicians to vote their way, all on short term measures that have no hope of actually fixing anything, or, God forbid, establishing policy.
The environmental community is vehemently opposed to the the XL pipeline for admirable reasons, but they're trying to fix a symptom, not the disease itself, stamping their feet and demanding that the big, bad oil industry should just stop.  But the industry can't stop.  The economics, and their shareholders, demand that they continue.  It's not a moral decision on their part, it's economic, period, the end.  To affect real change, you must change the economics.  The oil sands projects are some of the most expensive oil production operations on the planet.  Break even price for that crude is about $85 per barrel .  So, if you don't like Canada sending oil to the US through the XL pipeline, then help drive policy that reduces demand.  Today, due to high crude production, very high stocks, and some reduction in demand, oil has fallen to $76 today.  If oil stays down at the level for an extended period of time, the oil sands become uneconomic and production will slow to a virtual stop.  By pushing our politicians into long-term policy decisions that reduce our reliance on heavy hydrocarbons, demand will go down, price will go down, and the industry will shift to better economics from other fuels.  It's simple.  And can happen quickly.
Imagine a world where the vast majority of our fuel sources are sustainable.  Imagine a world where we don't have to outspend the rest of the world by 14 or 15 times for a military to protect our energy supply in the middle east.  Imagine a world where we are not pouring millions of tons of carbon into the air damaging our climate.  All these imaginings are not unachievable pipe dreams.  They are achievable and reachable in a reasonable time frame if we just stand up as a People and say enough.
We can take control of our energy future and hold our politicians accountable for leading us to that future, if only we would.
Follow Robert L. Cavnar on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bobcavnar
More:

The Four Agreements for Businessreddit
Many people are aware of, or have read the book, The Four Agreements.
Those who've lifted the simplicity of the words from its pages may have implemented the agreements, only to receive mixed results.
For a day or two, these individuals may try to enact all four agreements in their life, only to hit a wall. The reason so many cannot sustain these agreements, relates back to their early years.
As an example, we may personalize and assume a tremendous amount about others that does very little for our own well-being. We may constantly strategize how we show up, because of the stories we assume or in anticipating a reaction from someone. This is what we were taught as children, through modeling and absorbing information in our environment, which we gave meaning to, and in turn, we created a variety of limitations to live our personal and professional lives.
If we grew up in households where we had to anticipate the emotional state of a parent, because of the reflection on us, we may not be able to separate ourselves from others. We may see them as a continuation of ourselves, unable to stop personalizing what they do or don't do.
If we were not taught to honor our own emotions, if we are unable to disengage from figuring out how we're supposed to feel based on the thoughts of others, we are always in a disempowered state.
The key is to arrive at a position of clarity, to what keeps us stuck with disempowering beliefs and limitation.
Photo by Tracy Crossley
To be impeccable with our word is difficult for high-achievers. Many individuals who fall into this category, have a pretty loud voice inside, driving them toward the next challenge. There is a feeling of 'being good enough' by deriving value and validation from the output of productivity. The driver behind that feeling is the need for validation (external), because it was learned or believed at an early age that the only way to shut off criticism was to keep achieving.
Unfortunately, those who grew up in homes with a critical parent find the voice in their head to be particularly critical too, especially when a mistake is made or failure happens. It's what was taught, whether we consciously or unconsciously picked up the lesson.
The idea of being impeccable with our word is a great concept, but the reality is to hold it up in all situations, not just for the times of success or happiness.
Taking others and external situations personally. I could write an entire article on this alone. Wars have been started from people taking others personally. The key to inner peace, less stress, happiness and not being controlled from the external environment is to literally disengage our sense of worth, value or righteousness from another person or situation.
People do what they do, because of their perception from the thoughts in their own head (we all make our own choices for any given situation). We have differing beliefs, desires and goals....so why do we take the actions and words of someone else and apply it to have meaning about us? Why do we need their validation? They're telling us we are right, they are wrong? Why do we want to prove anything to them?
Because they have our power.
As long as we want something from them--whatever it is, we are not in a place of empowerment. We are victims. Some think, if they analytically understand the mind of another, they will win--they will get what they want. It's not true. If there is a win, it is temporary (notice how many times many countries have changed borders and names? Yes, war is not the final word) and it is not fulfilling.
When we do something from a place of action, not reaction to another person, we feel better. We are empowered and not controlled, when we move way from being victimized by personalization.
Assumptions are the biggest waste of our energy and yet, we think we can out-strategize someone based on having no information at all, equipped with only the belief that we really know what they are thinking. If we can extricate ourselves from the stories we've concluded by analyzing the actions and words of an individual, then we will find plenty of time to focus on our true goals.
Most people fall into conjecture, because they feel in control.
The assumed guarantee is a sense of security that no unforeseen surprises in the future exist. Unfortunately, because human nature is so fickle, and many circumstances arise no matter what type of calculation has taken place, this is a major waste of time and the lack of trust leads to a ruinous foundation in the building of any fulfilling venture.
Re-focusing on what we want to create by endeavoring with passion to empower ourselves and those around us to get to the goal faster and more effectively. Leaving people to figure out their own motivation, while we focus on our own, will release the grip we hold on expectations, as a measure to judge others and as a result, we will develop cohesiveness on any team.
Always do our best, does not mean to overdo, overwork or 'over' anything. It means to show up, as we are--authentically, even if all we can do is breathe. There is no room to beat ourselves up, or sabotage our own efforts. If we practice self-awareness, we will have insight, as to when we are out of balance with ourselves. When we are out of balance it is reflected in our output. To do our best at all times, may mean it relaxes us mentally during times of stress, which is enough to allow other options, to shift our perception and open us to new frontiers.
In applying all four agreements to our lives, we are raising our EQ. We are managing our emotional state by not making it reliant on others. We are in agreement with ourselves, as to how we perceive our motivation while undertaking challenges. We will then understand our 'why' and if it makes sense to the trajectory we are on, as we grow into more empowerment.
Follow Tracy Crossley on Twitter: www.twitter.com/tracycrossley
More:

Advantage Players May Be At A Disadvantagereddit
"Advantage play" has been in the news lately as actor Ben Affleck was ejected from a blackjack game at the Hard Rock Casino in Las Vegas and professional gambler Phil Ivey lost a lawsuit trying to force a casino to pay him his blackjack earnings, which the casino alleged were gained through cheating.
But is advantage play, such as card counting, really cheating, or is it just working the system? Should a casino be allowed to withhold winnings from someone simply because he or she is a skilled player with a talent that sets him or her apart from the other players?
In order to understand the legal and ethical lines around card counting, you've got to first understand what card counting entails. It's not the memorization of every card in the deck; rather, it is a system that assigns value to high and low cards that are played in order to determine the likelihood of a hand being "hot" or not. Jeff Ma, one of the card-counting MIT students who won millions from Vegas casinos describes it this way : "Basically, blackjack is the only game in the casino with a memory, meaning what you see impacts what you will see. In blackjack, it's been determined that when there are a lot of low cards left in the deck, it's in the dealer's favor. When there are a lot of high cards, it's in the player's favor. All you're doing is tracking."
Essentially, card counting is simply a matter of paying close(r) attention and using basic math to bet when the odds are in your favor. In general, blackjack gives a 0.5 percent advantage to the house. Card counters give themselves approximately a 1.5 percent advantage over the house.
So is card counting cheating? Is it illegal?
If the only tools utilized to count cards are your brain and your mathematical prowess, well then, no. It is not illegal, per se. Moreover, one of two major cases involving card counters versus casinos, Chen v. Nevada State Gaming Control Board , explicitly finds that card counting is not cheating. However, that finding does little good for advantage players, as the court ruled that, as private entities, casinos can ban anyone from their property for any reason at all -- with the exception of discrimination against a person because of a "protected class" such as race, creed, gender, national origin, age or disability.
As you might have guessed, most casinos will never be considered philanthropic organizations. Casinos are out to make a profit, and the risk of losing money to a skilled player is enough reason to kick a card counter off the property -- because, sadly, "being really good at blackjack" isn't a protected class.
But that's Nevada. Get caught counting cards in Las Vegas, and you'll get kicked out of the casino. In Atlantic City, casinos can't ban you from the property for counting cards. They can, however, place betting restrictions and otherwise "back off" card counters.
Typically, unless a player uses fraud to win the game, the player is entitled to the winnings he or she obtained before being ejected from the game. The aforementioned case ordered more than $40,000 in seized winnings returned to Richard Chen, who admittedly counted cards but did not commit fraud in playing the game. And even if he did commit fraud, he didn't get caught.
The Phil Ivey case, however, had a much different outcome in London. Ivey won more than $22 million from The Borgata in Atlantic City and Crockfords in London. He requested certain conditions -- a specific brand of cards, an automatic shuffler and a dealer who spoke Mandarin -- and the casinos, chalking the requests up to superstition, granted his requests. When he was able to win millions of dollars, the casinos cried foul, saying the champion poker player cheated.
Ivey denied cheating , saying, "It's my job to try to exploit weaknesses in the house and try to give myself the best opportunity to win."
That sounds reasonable enough. Isn't that why athletes watch game film and fighters watch their opponents' matches? Aren't they trying to exploit weaknesses and gain an advantage as well?
Regardless, The Borgata has sued Ivey, trying to recover the $9.6 million he won.
Crockfords refused to pay the $12.4 million Ivey won there, and Ivey sued for his winnings. However, Britain's High Court ruled in favor of the casino, saying that the "edge-sorting" technique used by Ivey was " not legitimate ," and therefore the casino didn't have to pay up.
It will be interesting to see if the British ruling has any impact on the lawsuit filed in Atlantic City.
Still, while card counting may get you banned from a casino, it is not against the law -- an important fact to remember if a casino tries to detain you. Just like many other situations, there is a fine line between walking the straight and narrow and committing a crime. I seriously doubt anyone is born with the ability to count cards strait out of the womb. Even if you are born with a certain proclivity for numbers, you would still need to hone your skills to truly put them to work. As they say, practice makes perfect.
Some people just have an advantage, and they shouldn't be put at a disadvantage because of it. However, different jurisdictions obviously have different feelings towards card-counting.
So, if you plan on taking your abilities to the big stage without being accused of fraud, your best bet is to follow the advice of "The Gambler" Kenny Rogers: "know when to walk away; know when to run."
Follow Adam Banner on Twitter: www.twitter.com/OKCDefenseLaw
More:

Be a Bulletproof Freelancer: Three Rules for the First Six Monthsreddit
Leaving your daily grind to strike out on your own? Great! Freelance work can be one of the most rewarding, lucrative, and fantastic careers ever. But getting past the first six months is, hands down, the hardest part of freelance work.
I started freelancing six months ago, and after months of hard work, it's finally paying off. Clients -- the kind of clients I want -- are calling me, instead of me hustling after clients. I'm getting more work than I can handle, and I'm anticipating raising my rates within the next few months.
How did I do it? Three simple rules. No matter what you're doing, successful freelancers focus on building the infrastructure of their business first, not on making money right away. While it seems counterintuitive, three simple rules can help you to build your business and create the career of your dreams.
1. You must spend money to make money. Freelancing seems like a great gig -- for many who do writing, artistic work, or photography, you probably already have everything you need to do your job. You're all ready to make it rain!
Not so fast. For the first six months of your freelancing career, you will have to make some serious investments in building your career base. This doesn't just mean doing work for free to build your portfolio, but paying to belong to professional organizations, networking groups, and other business services.
Especially if you're new to the entrepreneurial world, paying to take a good workshop or class that teaches you the basics of prospecting, networking, and business development can dramatically increase your earning potential. In six months, I've spent in excess of $2000 for professional memberships, classes, and workshops, and it's been worth every penny. While it might be costly now, paying to get connected to established professionals is an investment in your business, not just an expense.
2. Testimonials are gold. The fastest, surest way to establish your freelancing business is to steadily get referrals and testimonials from your clients. When you agree to take on work for a client, be sure and ask up front about their willingness to give you a testimonial if they are satisfied with your work. Having plenty of testimonials on your LinkedIn profile and website will help to give potential clients confidence in your services.
One great way to do this is to write referrals for yourself, using your client's permission, of course. At the completion of an assignment, ask your client what problem you solved for them, and what was the outcome of your work. Write up a recommendation, and email it to your client. Ask them if they would be willing to post this on your LinkedIn profile, or if you have their permission to post it on your website. Not only have you saved your client the trouble of writing, but you have a sparkling recommendation that makes you a stand-out!
3. Relationships first. The money will follow. During the first few months, you may be feeling the "freelancer panic" -- where am I going to find my next gig? Am I making enough money? Where can I find the right clients? How am I going to pay my bills?
Sure, everyone has to eat. But if you think your business just means making money, you're not going to last long.
Your best gigs are going to come from people who refer you. So how do you get referrals? You must help other people first. Rather than walking around with your hand out, begging for clients, ask others what problems they have. How can you help them? Are you interested in listening to what others do, rather than telling everyone how great you are?
All the advertising dollars, marketing strategies, and slick website designs in the world cannot buy you real life, raving fans. While it is very time consuming to share coffees and lunches with strangers, the relationships you build and the value you give to your professional community is going to be the best investment you can possibly make in your new career.
More:

Sunanda Pushkar probeSunanda-Pushkars-death...    Cached
NEW DELHi: In a major development in Sunanda Pushkar's death, the subdivisional magistrate (SDM) who is heading the inquest has said that Sunanda died of ...

EXPRESS 5: Modi-Obama sealed trade deal; Govt bought drugs from blacklistedfirmThis is the front page of today's edition of the India Express.
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 15, 2014 10:48 am
We present you the top five stories from today’s edition of  The Indian Express.
1. “Man of action”
 
Meeting on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit on Wednesday, Modi and Obama took forward their discussion in Washington in September, including on the ways to resolve the WTO deadlock. “I know you are a man of action,” Obama told Modi in Nay Pyi Taw.
 
2. Chhattisgarh Sterilisation Tragedy
On March 21, 2012, Health Minister Amar Agarwal had informed the State Assembly that the company had been found guilty of selling “duplicate generic drugs” and that “a case was registered against it on February 2, 2012 in the court of Chief Judicial Magistrate Raipur.”
Yet, the state government continued to purchase drugs from the company which also owns a small factory operating from a residential colony of Raipur without even a signboard.
Read Story: Pharma firm was blacklisted 2 yrs ago, govt still bought drugs from it
3. Nehru Papers
The NDA government on Friday set the ball rolling to bring the “Nehru papers”, presently in the custody of Congress president Sonia Gandhi, in public domain as Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh told a select gathering of academicians and historians that “all documents and literature related to Nehru should be compiled to understand his life in entirety”.
Read Story: Nehru papers to come in public domain
4. Sports
ICC chairman N Srinivasan, his son-in-law and Chennai Super Kings’ official Gurunath Meiyappan, Rajasthan Royals co-owner Raj Kundra and IPL chief operating officer Sundar Raman were named in the 35-page report which, according to the bench of Justice T S Thakur and Justice Ibrahim Kalifulla, suggested several “misdemeanours”.
Read Story: IPL spot fixing case: SC names N Srinivasan, Meiyappan, Kundra, Raman, seeks response by Nov 24
5. OPINION
One legacy of Jawaharlal Nehru that has been systematically dismantled over the years: his instinctive understanding of higher education.
The financial outlays to higher education have increased. The clamour for more higher education has been growing. But we have failed to create the capillaries that can sustain and nourish a continued…

Indo-US deal could lead to global trade deal...Barack Obama
(The US will support India's…)
The World Trade Organization's top official said there's a high chance the global body would soon implement its biggest-ever deal after the US and India broke an impasse on food stock holdings. The 19-year-old organisation will "use this momentum that this breakthrough has created to restore confidence in the WTO and multilateral trading system," directorgeneral Roberto Azevedo said in a briefing in Brisbane on Friday. He said he'll consult with all WTO members to "collectively and finally resolve the impasse as quickly as possible."
The two countries agreed that India will extend the world's biggest food subsidy programme until a permanent solution is reached, according to a US statement on Thursday. India in July blocked part of the WTO deal because it was unclear if the programme could continue beyond a 2017 deadline.
The WTO estimates the deal will stimulate the global economy by $1 trillion by removing delays at border crossings. The US-India agreement was reached before the country's leaders are expected to meet at the Group of 20 meetings in Australia that starts Saturday.
"Implementation of the Trade Facilitation Agreement of the WTO will help a great deal," Anupam Shah, chairman of India's Engineering Export Promotion Council, said in an email. "The TFA will bring in uniform standards at Customs and port clearance and help us achieve fast turnaround time."
The India-US agreement will reduce the cost of trade by about 10% for developed countries and 14% for developing countries, according to US Trade Representative Michael Froman.
"Now, we are looking forward to take the next steps on the implementation of all the elements of the Bali package, notably the immediate adoption of the Trade Facilitation Protocol due by July 31," the European Union's Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstroem said in a statement.
Meanwhile, as world leaders descend in Brisbane for the G-20 Summit starting Saturday, Russia has stationed warships in waters off Australia's north-eastern coast, prompting the Australian prime minister to angrily accuse Russia of trying to reclaim the "lost glories" of the Soviet Union. The diplomatic drama, which has been simmering since a Malaysia Airlines plane was shot down over an area of Ukraine controlled by Russian-backed separatists in July, has threatened to overshadow Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott's goal of keeping this weekend's G-20 summit focused on economic growth.
In recent days, four Russian warships entered international waters to coincide with Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit. Australia, in turn, sent three warships of its own to monitor them. The Russian embassy said on Friday that Russia's Pacific fleet was testing its range, and could be used as security for Putin. Abbott was not amused.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Startups open new doors for budding interior...You are here: Home > Collections
Startups open new doors for budding interior designers
Payal Ganguly & Vasumita S Adarsh, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 10.37AM IST
Tags:
Bengaluru
(HomeLane provides end-to-end…)
PUNE | HYDERABAD: A clutch of startups is offering a platform for homeowners to tie up with experienced interior designers, shaking up the old system of interior decoration in the country that largely depends on personal referrals and contractors.
Dwll, Nestopia, Intruo, UrbanHomez and HomeLane are among the companies that have seized the opportunity that these services are offering. "We started our company after experiencing our own problems when it came to doing interiors in our homes. The industry is unorganised, and dependent on personal referrals or contractors, and technology is not being leveraged," said Srikanth Iyer of HomeLane, which he cofounded with Rama Harinath K in May this year.
HomeLane provides end-to-end interior solutions, including design consultation, selection of products and project execution.
The company is part of the GrowthStory platform by serial entrepreneur K Ganesh, who is also the promoter of HomeLane.
"We offer a 30-day delivery deadline and bring in time-bound service with quality. We are experiencing 100% growth month on month, and are looking to net a monthly revenue of Rs 6 crore by March 2015," said Harinath.
HomeLane, which is operational in Bengaluru , is looking to reach 10 cities in the next 15 months.
According to Ganesh, the online interior space is an extension of the real estate industry being disrupted by startups. "We are seeing online startups in the real estate space getting funded, and this space too has the potential to get online using technology. It is presently completely unorganised, with individual designers and contractors. As more apartments and homes are being built, customers are looking for innovative solutions to make home designing easier," he said.
Startup Nestopia is similarly bringing together designers, architects and contractors. "The design industry is divided three fold, with architects, designers and contractors to execute a project. In western countries, architects and designers go through certification. Here contractors and architects tend to double up as designers. Our aim is to match customers to the right professional as well as help them find the right construction products, be it furniture or building materials," said Harsh Jain , who founded Nestopia in October 2013.
To rope in more customers, the company is partnering with brands such as CenturyPly and Asian Paints. "Century Ply has also made a seed funding of Rs 1 crore with us, and we are looking to raise more capital for further scaling," said Jain, who targets a revenue of Rs 6 crore by the end of 2015.
Pankaj Poddar of Dwll, which he set up with Parikshat Hemarajani in March 2013, said, "Today, home owners are willing to spend 1020% of their building cost on the interiors. But there is very little reliability with designers. At the same time, interior designing is misconstrued as expensive and affordable only by the elite class. We want to break this misconception by bringing designers for Rs 50lakh budgets to small budgets of Rs 3 lakh," said Poddar.
Demand for designing is also increasing from tier II and III cities, he added. "In such cases, we offer options of designers to remotely send in their consultations, and the customers are able get the idea executed through local contractors," said Poddar, who has brought in a revenue model of commission-based fee for designers. The company has been part of The Morpheus incubation programme and has earned Rs 40 lakh revenue in the last 10 months.
Delhi-based online platform UrbanHomez too offers a one-stop solution for homeowners. Started in 2012, the company is in the process of raising $3 million to fund its expansion to Mumbai and Bangalore.
"Our largest paid customers are architects and interior designers offering their services. We are looking at value addition for homeowners who are active on our blog, which gives design and decor suggestions by adding a common discussion forum," said Kapil Agarwal, CEO of UrbanHomez.
FEATURED ARTICLES

7.3-magnitude quake shakes Indonesia  on tsunamialertPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Jakarta | Posted: November 15, 2014 10:16 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 11:06 am
A 7.3-magnitude earthquake rocked the Maluku Islands in eastern Indonesia on Saturday, the US Geological Survey said, prompting authorities to issue a tsunami warning.
The undersea quake struck at a depth of 46 kilometres at 10:31 am (0231 GMT), 154 kilometres northwest of Kota Ternate, the USGS said.
“Tsunami waves are possible for coasts located within 300 kilometres,” said the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center.
The centre said tsunami waves could hit parts of Indonesia, as well the Philippines, Japan, Taiwan and islands in the South Pacific.
Tsunami waves between 30 centimetres and one metre could hit parts of Indonesia, said the centre, while waves below 30 centimetres were forecast for the coasts of the Philippines, the centre said.
“We have issued an early tsunami warning,” an official from Indonesia’s meteorological agency told AFP.
Indonesia sits on the Pacific “Ring of Fire” where continental plates collide, causing frequent seismic and volcanic activity.
A huge undersea quake in 2004 triggered a tsunami that killed more than 170,000 people in Aceh province, on western Sumatra island, and tens of thousands more in other countries with coasts on the Indian Ocean.

Power plays: Relationships to watch at G-20 ...Abbott
(Reaching consensus can…)
Leaders of the 20 most powerful industrialized and developing economies are due to endorse strategies for raising global growth as they meet in Brisbane, Australia this weekend. Since they represent about two-thirds of the world's population, 85 per cent of global GDP and over 75 per cent of global trade, they have the heft to do so.
But reaching consensus can be tricky and leaders will also be fine tuning their own myriad, complex relationships during the meeting. Here are some key relationships to keep an eye on:
US-CHINA
President Barack Obama and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping announced a landmark climate change agreement earlier this week in Beijing on limiting carbon emissions by the world's two largest economies. The breakthrough came after an intense two days of talks on the sidelines of the APEC summit. But that agreement and others on military cooperation and trade did not dispel the evident tensions over human rights and other issues. The US is wary over China's deepening ties with Russia while Beijing is skeptical about America's moves to ``pivot'' strategically and economically toward Asia.
US-RUSSIA
Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin have grappled with Russia's actions in Ukraine and other issues straining ties such as Syria and Iran in meetings on the sidelines of other summits, while putting on smiles for the cameras in the wider gatherings. Relations remain tense, as a truce between pro-Russian rebels and Ukraine's government wobbles, and the US threatens to expand sanctions that have shaken the Russian economy. Putin, meanwhile, underlined his presence at the G-20 summit with the stationing of four Russian warships in international waters of Australia's northeastern coast, prompting a scathing critique from Australian prime minister Tony Abbott.
CHINA-JAPAN
China and Japan held their first summit meeting in more than two years during the APEC gathering in Beijing this week, but the two sides remain far apart on the nagging territorial dispute over uninhabited islands in the East China Sea. Despite the frostiness apparent in Xi's reception for Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , their encounter frees the way for high-level talks on various issues, and for further expansion of business ties between Asia's two biggest economies.
EUROPEAN UNION-REST OF THE G-20
The stalled economic recovery of the 18-nation euro common currency area will likely draw encouragement from other G-20 members for additional stimulus to help get growth back on track. European Central Bank President Mario Draghi has said the bank may begin asset purchases to pump money into the regional economy and spur inflation . Japan's recent decision to expand stimulus, and thus drive down the value of the yen, may help alleviate opposition to such stimulus from Germany , whose exports compete with Japan's.
AUSTRALIA-INDONESIA
Tensions between the G-20 host and neighboring Indonesia, the world's biggest Muslim nation, have periodically flared in recent years, but Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has welcomed the recent election of Indonesian President Joko ``Jokowi'' Widodo. Indonesia has emerged as a leader of the Southeast Asian region, helping to mediate disputes and espousing a moderate form of Islam, but Jokowi must contend with slowing growth, endemic corruption and crumbling infrastructure.
BRICS-REST OF THE G-20
Slowing growth in China, Brazil and Russia has cast a pall over hopes that strong growth in the BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa ) nations and other emerging markets might offset weakness in developed, maturing industrial nations. Weaker prices for oil and other resources are sapping vitality in many countries whose growth is heavily dependent on commodity exports. The G-20 has been working to improve price and supply information systems and to encourage infrastructure investment, among other policies to nurture the stable and inclusive development crucial for delivering on growth and jobs.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US stand on India s IPR regime not arm twis...Charles Rivkin
(Rivkin said he will be…)
MUMBAI: The US will push India into giving adequate protection to intellectual property regime (IPR), a major bone of contention between the two countries. A top state department diplomat said on Friday that if there is one thing that investors from the US would continue to seek from India is transparency in policy, especially related to intellectual property rights .
"When an American investor approaches any market, he is going to look for at least a presence of transparency , predictability and rule of law," Charles Rivkin , assistant secretary of state for economic and business affairs, US said in Mumbai. "And in rule of law, IPR law is critical, and I believe that we could do better working with our friends in India to improve it."
In his first visit to India, Rivkin said he will be initiating a dialogue with Indian government and companies on how to improve trade between both the countries, and protection of intellectual property would be an important part of that discussion.
Rivkin said that Prime Minister Modi, during his visit to the United States , has set an extraordinary tone and is perceived as someone who engages with bureaucrats to get work done. "It is perceived by the American business community that the new administration is very business friendly. We still have obstacles to overcome in order to maximise the trade relation, but there are so many opportunities for American business to explore," Rivkin added.
India-US business relations have experienced a major pinprick on the issue of India's intellectual property regime. The US companies consider India as being weak in protecting product rights. The impasse was triggered when India's court refused to grant patents, and in some cases also revoked patents by using the compulsory licence regime, which is permitted under the Trade Related Intellectual Property agreement. Post the Modi's visit to the US, both the countries decided to set up a high-level intellectual property committee to look into this issue, this committee would for the first time meet in Delhi next week.
When asked if US was arm-twisting India to change its IP regime despite the country being compliant with the World Trade Organisation rules, Rivkin said it was not arm twisting, but in the interest of India to have stronger IP regime. "India needs to protect its own interest, when it creates something that changes the world, doesn't it make sense to protect it"? he asked. The assistant secretary, while in Mumbai, will also be meeting with Bollywood studios to develop a common ground on how to protect copyright of films.
Despite the upbeat mood between both the countries, the US state department says there are still some issues like multibrand retail which needs to be ironed out.
"There are several challenges in terms of actualising the investments (in multi brand retail). The state-specific approvals make it difficult to invest in India. Our companies are still evaluating if investment will work. Like some states said they will allow, later said they won't. And we know that Modi government has indicated that they have no intention of liberalising multi brand retail," said an official from the US State department.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Philae: Triumphant comet probe sends last-gasp data from  alien worldprint
Robot probe Philae has uploaded a slew of last-minute data to Earth from a comet in deep space, before going to sleep at the conclusion of a historic exploration, ground controllers said.
Data streamed in as soon as Europe's pioneering robot lab reestablished late-night contact with its orbiting mothership, Rosetta, but its limited battery soon started wavering.
"My #lifeonacomet has just begun," said an official tweet in the name of the washing machine-sized lander perched on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko since Wednesday -- concluding with a restful "zzzzz".
"S'ok Philae, I've got it from here for now. Rest well...," said a response tweeted on behalf of Rosetta. The European Space Agency (ESA) said its robot lab had entered "idle mode", with all instruments and most systems shut down after three days of non-stop work -- taking pictures and probing the comet's density, temperature, composition and atmosphere.
"Prior to falling silent, the lander was able to transmit all science data gathered," said a statement. The lander and its mothership, which relayed Philae's data to Earth, had only two communications windows per day -- the last opened around 0300 IST on Friday and closed at 0606 IST the next morning as Rosetta disappeared in orbit behind the comet.
Mission controllers had feared the robot may not even have enough power to make contact during this window -- but they were pleasantly surprised. "Science from an alien world" ESA Operations tweeted when contact was made. "Info now flowing from @ Philae2014."  
The channel should open again around 0630 IST today, but lander manager Stephan Ulamec told AFP from mission control in Darmstadt, Germany, he did "not really expect"  contact with Philae then.
"The chances that we could reestablish the link again tomorrow are really very, very low," he said. "The battery is not completely empty, but it is below the level the central computer needs to boot" up. In one of many jaw-dropping achievements, the robot lab appears to have lifted itself slightly on Friday and rotate the larger of its solar panels to absorb as much energy as possible to be stored for a possible wakeup later.
Philae had landed in a dark ditch after a bouncy touchdown Wednesday, and did not get enough sunlight to recharge its batteries sufficiently to extend its mission.
Mission engineers dream, however, of making contact with the lander "at some point" in the coming months as the comet, with Philae hopefully still clinging to its surface, moves closer to the Sun.
Philae's historic on-site survey of a comet travelling at 18 kilometres per second, currently at a distance of 510 million kilometres from Earth, is the highlight in a more than decade-long mission.
Philae landed Wednesday after a nail-biting seven-hour, 20-km descent from Rosetta, which had travelled more than a decade and 6.5 billion kilometres to meet up with the comet in August this year.

Bringing back black money at top of agenda  says PM ModiBringing back black money at top of agenda, says PM Modi
PTI  Brisbane, November 15, 2014
First Published: 09:06 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 10:54 IST(15/11/2014)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said repatriation of black money kept abroad is a "priority" for his government, as he sought close global coordination to achieve this objective.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (File Photo)
Raising the black money issue at an informal meeting of leaders of the five-nation BRICS bloc, Modi set the tone on this key issue ahead of the G20 summit in the wake of his commitment to bring back every penny of black money stashed abroad.
"Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a key priority for us,"  Modi told the BRICS leaders.
Calling for close coordination on the issue of black money kept abroad, Modi also said this unaccounted money is also linked to security challenges.
As India makes attempts to retrieve the black money, the Prime Minister has already made it clear that close cooperation to retrieve the black money from abroad is a key issue for him.
The G20 host Australia on Friday vowed a "very aggressive" crackdown on tax avoidance. India is also seeking strong action by the Group of 20 industrialised and emerging economies against tax havens.
"A key issue for me would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money," Modi had said, as he is set to renew the country's commitment at the G20 summit to a global response to deal with cross border tax avoidance and evasion.
India is also expected to urge the G20 to pressure tax havens into revealing more information on black money from India to help retrieve this illegal money.
Besides  Modi, Chinese President Xi Jinping, Russian President Vladimir Putin, South African President Jacob Zuma and Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, were the other leaders who took part in the informal interaction.
Live Blog: Prime Minister Narendra Modi at G20 summit
 

Infosys ties up with DreamWorks for new solutionsInfosys ties up with DreamWorks Animation for new engineering solutions
IANS     Bengaluru   Last Updated: November 15, 2014  | 12:20 IST
Photo: Reuters
Global software major Infosys has entered into a strategic partnership with DreamWorks Animation SKG to develop new engineering solutions.
"The tie-up envisages developing next generation technologies with our global talent pool in cloud, big data, Java and open source platforms for DreamWorks," the IT bellwether said in a statement in Bengaluru on Saturday.
The US-based digital studio creates animated feature films, television programmes and online virtual worlds.
Infosys chief executive Vishal Sikka said the company had a market-leading record of delivering critical engineering services to innovative tech firms like DreamWorks.
"Combination of our expertise in delivering engineering services and technologies has huge potential for wider use in the world around us," Sikka said on the occasion.
Lauding the tie-up between two major firms, DreamWorks chief executive Jeffrey Katzenberg said as a world leader in enterprise solutions, Infosys was the right partner to develop new technology on a large scale.
The two-decade-old studio co-founded by Katzenberg with renowned Hollywood film maker Steven Spielberg, has rolled out 29 feature films in animation, which generated $12 billion revenue worldwide till August 2014.

World Chess Championship: Anand lets Carlsen off the hook in game 5  settles for a drawIn the fifth game of the World Chess Championship Viswanathan Anand playing with white pieces drew with Magnus Carlsen in a relatively short game 5 on Friday.
Game board
A well prepared Carlsen
In the press conference that followed game 4 on Wednesday, Carlsen said, "I'm not playing very well. Actually, I'm playing somewhat terribly. My last two games were pretty bad."
He must have thought about this long and hard during the rest day. Certianly game 5 was an improvement for Magnus.
Magnus sensed that Anand had prepared very well for the championship this time, thus playing a theoritical game will not result in a favourable result for him. He wanted to deviate Anand from usual line of play into unchartered territories and he had partial success in doing that on Friday.
As usual a 'well-prepared' Anand started off strongly, but was taken by surprise by Carlsen's reply to his opening. Magnus replied with 'Queens-Indian' defence, a opening in his repertoire for a long time now.
In the past four games, Carlsen was forced into 'thinking mode' by Anand, which actually cost the Norwegian game 3 where he lost on time. This time, there was a role reversal. Anand, 'slightly surprised' at the variations, took a long time initially to reply to Carlsen's moves.
Susan Polgar, famous chess commentator wrote in her live blog, "Anand is pausing after this move after both were blitzing out the first 7 moves. It's obvious that Magnus has something cooking & he's deciding how not to fall into home preparation."
Carlsen played the first 17 moves in under just 8 minutes for which Vishy took more than half an hour to reply. But this didn't prove costly in the end.
As Polgar rightly pointed out in a tweet, "Magnus is ahead by more than 30 minutes. But Anand has plenty of time as both are playing fast."
A lonely pawn and a fiery Knight
Anand had one concern. One of his pawns as usual strayed into Carlsen's territory without much of defence. His 'd' pawn was proving to be a head-ache.
Polgar tweeted, "Even though white is slightly better, black is fine & will have d4 pawn as a target."
But then Anand negotiated the lonely pawn situation carefully and traded it for good compensation and brought his knight to D5. Suddendly chess experts became very interested in the game.
Chess grand master Jan Gustafsson tweeted, "Magnus is in big trouble here. 23...Kh8 24.Re7 f5 25.Rxa7 and I'll give Vishy 75%."
Polgar wrote in her live blog, " Magnus has to carefully decide how to proceed. This is an important decision for black."
It seemed just for a second, Anand had worked out a winning plan in the game, though there was a long fight ahead. Magnus seemed a bit worried and thought for a whole ten minutes before deciding to go ahead and trade his bishop with the white knight.
Trading queens
Realising his weak position Magnus wanted to trade-off the queens in order to minimise danger and he soon achived that in move 23. Which turned out to be a huge relief. It lessened white's chances to push for a win even though it still had an advantage.
Carlsen recounted in the press conference, "After the queens were exchanged there was not enough play left for a win"
The situation still remained tense as Anand's 'A' pawn was still in the game and may anytime start walking towards the opposite end.
Nigel short tweeted, "Basically if Anand allows his a-pawn to be captured his winning chances vanish."
In move 27, Anand had the chance to protect his 'A' pawn by moving his Rook to 'D4', but instead he went with 'RD8' which cost him.
After he failed to safeguard his 'A' pawn, in move 29 Carlsen's Knight gobbled it up, which proved to be the final blow to Anand's winning chances.
A fast end-game
From then on there were a flurry of moves and exchanges, which led to a draw finally. It seemed like Anand decided to play for a draw seeing not much of a winning chance.
After 39 moves both players agreed for a draw. The game never crossed the first time control and ended in two and a half hours. A relatively short game in this tournament.
Chess grandmaster Jan Gustafsson tweeted, "Brrr. Dead draw. Come on Vishy, you could have made the guy work a bit harder today!". This seemed to be the feeling of chess experts generally on today's game.
Previous games
Add this to your flipboard Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Dont's miss any stories, follow our World Chess Championship magazine View my Flipboard Magazine.
 

3 surprising ways to feel more confident at work3 Surprising Ways to Feel More Confident at Work
>
LinkedIn Influencer, Katya Andresen , published this post originally on LinkedIn . 
It's happened to me quite a few times in my life, and maybe it's happened to you. I am in a high stakes situation (interviewing a prime minister, leading an important meeting, giving a speech in front of many people) and I have a strange out-of-body moment, mentally drifting away, looking down on myself and questioning why the heck anyone has entrusted me to my role. I don't belong here, I think.
The older I get, the fewer such moments I have and the faster I dismiss my thoughts and carry on. But they still arise, especially when I'm in a new environment tackling an unfamiliar challenge.
That inner refrain of "someone has made a big mistake thinking I'm qualified for this!" is sometimes called impostor syndrome. I've talked candidly to enough people - especially women - to know that most of us feel this way at times and as we confront a crisis of confidence. In fact, there is a lot of new writing and thinking documenting a very real confidence gap.
Related: 3 Parent Survival Tips for the Business Trip Blues (LinkedIn)
It's important that that we address this, because the degree of confidence we exhibit can be just as important as the level of competence we deliver in determining our success in a range of situations. Confidence is what gives us the courage to act on our competent thoughts. So I thought I'd share three interesting - and even surprising - strategies to feel more confident at what you do. The first two come from research that has received a great deal of media attention lately. The last is from my own, non-research-based experience and is reflected in this very post.
1. Change how you talk to yourself.
There was a great story on NPR by Laura Starecheski about the curious science of self-talk. It turns out that many of us mentally berate ourselves or criticize ourselves in ways that undermine our confidence and affect our behavior. Researchers have found it can be very effective to counter this negative self-narrative by comforting ourselves with positive reminders. This can feel a little goofy - staring into the mirror saying, "I will give a great speech today!" may not revolutionize our self perception and can even feel like a cliched self-affirmation. In fact, it can stress you out even more. But, researchers have found, if we switch to speaking to ourselves in the third person, it can be far more effective. So instead of looking into the mirror and thinking, "I'm not sure I can handle this situation," I would think, "Katya, you can do this - you've done it before and will this time, too." Apparently using a third person perspective gives us a little emotional distance and allows ourselves to offer the pep talk to ourselves that we'd certainly give to another person who needed one.
2. Change how you carry yourself.
It turns out not just our inner thoughts can shape our confidence - our physical bearing does, too. The social psychologist Amy Cuddy has made a fascinating study of how our non-verbal signals affect how we feel about ourselves. If we hunch up our bodies and make ourselves smaller, we feel less confident. If we strike a power pose, we feel powerful - and are perceived differently. As Cuddy relates in this second most viewed TED video of all time (I recommend you check it out), studies show body language can affect who we hire, how we judge people, how we decide how to interact with someone - and how we perceive ourselves. In other words, our bodies change our minds, Cuddy says. This holds true in the animal kingdom and across human cultures. Her advice on impostor syndrome? Take two minutes to strike a power pose before you go into a challenging situation. It will affect how you feel (your hormones even change) and how you are perceived in positive, powerful ways. As she puts it: "If you feel you shouldn't be somewhere, fake it. Don't fake it till you make it - fake it till you become it."
3. Change how you describe yourself.
None of us are perfect, and we all make mistakes on a regular basis. I find that when I own this part of myself and am open about my imperfections and errors, I paradoxically feel more - not less - confident. There is something about turning my inner humility over failure that makes me feel stronger. It allows me to be better about apologizing, learning from missteps and growing. It's certainly uncomfortable (as was writing the first paragraph of this post) yet oddly empowering. I have control over my narrative, however flawed it may be.
I fully believe in faking it till you make it - though I'd argue what we mean here is that we're faking confidence more than competence. Tell yourself (in the third person) you can do it and strike a power pose (like Wonder Woman). I also believe in openly owning the moments when we aren't Wonder Woman and boldly claiming our very human mistakes. Together, this can build confident moments in place of those out-of-body moments of doubt.
What do you do to build confidence in yourself?

Banking operations hit as PSU banks  staff goes on strikeBanking operations hit as PSU banks' staff goes on strike
IANS     Mumbai/Chennai/New Delhi   Last Updated: November 12, 2014  | 14:47 IST
Photo: Reuters
Banking operations in the country were hit on Wednesday as more than 8,00,000 employees of public sector banks went on a day's strike to seek a salary hike and other benefits, union officials said.
The strike was total in some 75,000 branches of 27 state-run banks , as also the 25,000 branches of 18 private and eight foreign banks across India, said Vishwas Utagi, senior vice president of the All India Bank Employees Association.
But some branches of private banks were seen open.
"No bank-related activity started anywhere in the country, including the early morning clearing operations. All other sectors connected directly or indirectly to banking will be down for the day," he said.
Utagi, also the Maharashtra convenor of United Forum of Banking Unions (UFBU), the umbrella organisation of the unions, estimated that over 10 million cheques will not be cleared Wednesday, and could be delayed for up to five days in view of the day-long strike.
Citing official figures, he said that the total volume of the nation's banking industry is more than 155 lakh crore ($2.5 trillion), which has been completely blocked by the day-long strike.
"My bank (the State Bank of India, the country's largest), had told me that there would be a strike today. I could withdraw money from an ATM. But I'm not quite sure if I can transfer money using net banking," said Anand Iyer, a software consultant in Mumbai.
The ATM machines that have emerged as the major source of withdrawing monies at least in cities and towns, were working. But in some areas, bank customers were complaining that the money in some ATMs had exhausted.
"The money in ATMs will not be replenished till Thursday morning," Utagi said.
This is the first strike by bank employees since the Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led government took over in May this year. The banking industry had seen a crippling strike over two says in the second week of February.
According to CH Venkatachalam, the general secretary of the All India Bank Employees Association, the unions are demanding a wage hike of 23 per cent, but the Indian Banks' Association (IBA), the association of managements, has offered only 11 per cent.
The revision has been due since November 2012.
The forum members said the worst hit state was Maharashtra, since it alone accounts for one-third of business volumes of banks. The state has some 200,000 bank employees with the bulk of activities concentrated in commercial capital, Mumbai.
The forum is an umbrella organisation of nine unions of bank employees and officers.
It includes the National Confederation of Bank Employees, Bank Employees Federation of India, Indian National Bank Employees Federation, Indian National Bank Officers' Congress, National Organisation of Bank Workers, All India Bank Officers Association, and National Organisation of Bank Officers.

DMK MP Kanimozhi to depose as witness in 2G scam caseDMK chief's daughter Kanimozhi to depose as witness in 2G scam case
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 10:25 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has named 30 witnesses, including DMK chief M Karunanidhi's daughter S Selvi, in a 2G scam-related money laundering case in which her mother Dayalu Ammal has been put on trial by a Delhi court.
According to news agency PTI, the court had framed charges against former telecom minister A Raja, DMK member of Parliament Kanimozhi, Ammal and 16 others, including nine companies, under the provisions of Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
Besides Selvi, ED has named as witnesses its deputy director Rajeshwar Singh, assistant directors Satyendra Singh and Kamal Singh, who are investigating officers in the case.
ED joint director Himanshu Kumar Lal, the complainant in the case, will also depose as a witness. The list of witnesses also contain names of Raja's former additional private secretary Aseervartham Achary, the then-deputy director general of the Department of Telecommunications AK Srivastava and others.
Special Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Judge OP Saini has fixed November 17 for commencement of trial in the case when Lal's statement is likely to be recorded.
On October 31, the court had put on trial the 19 accused-10 individuals and nine companies-under the provisions of PMLA after they had pleaded not guilty and said that they will go on trial for the charges against them.
The court had framed charges against the accused saying that Raja was in connivance with Kanimozhi, Dayalu and other coaccused in parking of illegal gratification of Rs 200 crore in DMK-run Kalaignar TV. If convicted, Raja and others will face a maximum sentence of up to seven years.
The court had said there was enough material on record which made out a prima facie case against all the accused who were chargesheeted by ED on April 25 for committing an offence punishable under PMLA.

Two militants killed in encounter in south KashmirPrint
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: November 14, 2014 11:01 am
Two militants were killed in an encounter between security forces and militants that started on Thursday evening at Chenigam in Kulgam district, south Kashmir.
A police spokesperson said that on specific information regarding the presence of militants’, police and security personnel cordoned off the area and launched a search operation, in Chenigam, Frisal village in Kulgam.
“The joint party was fired upon by militants triggering an encounter,” he said adding that arms and ammunition have been recovered from the encounter site.
Police officials said that identity of the slain militants is being ascertained. Search operation is still on in the area.

Entrepreneurs from Silicon Valley & India exchange notesInsurability
(“If you shut down a company…)
Indian entrepreneurs are beginning to think differently about failure and they are more willing to embrace the lessons from it than bemoan ill-luck, say global peers who are watching the boom in startup activity in the country.
"If you shut down a company in the United Kingdom, your mother will disown you. In Silicon Valley if you fail, people will say, good! What did you learn from it? I am seeing a lot of that here,' said Shaukat Shamim, founder of Silicon Valley-based YouPlus who rates this attitudinal shift as an advantage that India holds over China.
With nearly 800 startups launched every year, the country ranks as the third-largest hub for startups worldwide. But it has much to imbibe from mature markets even as it offers insights on how best to start up in an emerging market.
At a recent interaction curated by ET in collaboration with trade body Nasscom, entrepreneurs from Silicon Valley and India debated the challenges they face in both markets and the lessons that each can draw from the other.
India offers many unique opportunities for startups that developed markets do not have. Testing her technology under harsh Indian conditions has enabled Rajeswari Kannan, cofounder of imaging technology startup LensBricks, to make her product rugged, which can work anywhere in the world. In Pune, Gautam Morey, founder of Sofomo Embedded Solutions is enabling healthcare devices to connect with the internet for instant delivery of data to doctors at much lower costs than in developed markets.
Self-belief, which several experts consider a pre-requisite for starting up, is taking root in India, as stories of successful entrepreneurs become part of household chatter. Vekrum Kaushik, chief executive at US-based staffing solutions firm for local businesses, PeopleCo, said in the past he would lose engineers in India because the perception was that there is higher risk of failure in small companies. "But now they know there will be other opportunities."
This sense of fearlessness is being fuelled by local role-models. Most urban Indians are aware of the billions of dollars in funding that ecommerce firms like Flipkart and Snapdeal have received. A whole generation of fearless students are passing out of campuses.
"These guys are not looking at the VCs. They are looking at their own ideas, failing, then coming back with something else," said Sofomo's Morey, who graduated from the University of Pune. Such an approach is critical for the development of a strong startup ecosystem -- even in Silicon Valley about 80% of companies fail. "Don't take the VC's word as gospel, it is one person's opinion about how the world is," said Shamim.
What sets back entrepreneurs in India are the multiple operational hurdles. For one, Kannan took three months to launch her company in India, she took just two days to establish the office in the US.
"One element that I find difficult and which emotionally drains me are the number of government dealings," said Anil Gupta, cofounder of Bangalorebased energy conservation technology firm SmartBuildings.
Gupta, who relocated to India seven years ago, after a two-decade long stint in the US, said he engages consultants to deal with this problem.
Through the discussion, the issues that participants agreed on was the negative impact on Indian startup ecosystem due to lack of healthy exits for investors and the attendant low valuation for Indian startups.
Earlier this year, when Facebook bought Bangalore-based tech startup Little Eye Labs, it paid an estimated $10 million. Months later, it snapped up mobile messaging firm WhatsApp for $19 billion. "It spreads like a virus, if 100 million people are subscribed to that I can guarantee you that you can get the same valuation," said BV Jagadeesh, managing partner at Silicon Valley-based venture capital fund KAAJ Ventures.
Anil Gupta of SmartBuildings was of the view that valuation is dependent on the pedigree of the investors and that overseas firms offer far friendlier terms when it comes to investment and valuations.
"We had buyout offers from traditional Indian companies, they are so miserly," he pointed out.
This niggardly attitude, according to entrepreneurs, is due to the fact that there are very few role models of investors who have gained from the startup boom. Only recently has this begun to change.
"The guys who sold redBus,(the online ticketing firm bought by South Africa's Naspers) immediately invested in five startups I know. This happens prominently in the Valley," said Morey of Sofomo.
Pallav Nadhani, who cofounded enterprise software venture FusionCharts while still a teenager, said discovering hot startups is still a problem in India.
In addition, regulatory constraints with regard to cross-border transactions hold back multinationals keen to buy an Indian company, while local players are unwilling to wager a bet.

India-US tech summit  unique opportunity  for both the countriesConfederation of Indian Industries
(The India-US Technology…)
WASHINGTON: The India-US Technology Summit next week presents a "unique opportunity" for both countries to showcase how technology and innovation partnerships can meaningfully change lives, a top American diplomat has said.
"The India-US Technology Summit, taking place next week in New Delhi, represents a unique opportunity for both countries to showcase how technology and innovation partnerships -- both between our governments and our private sectors - can meaningfully change the lives of every single person on Earth," Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asia Nisha Biswal said.
"Ours is truly a partnership for the people and centuries to come," Biswal wrote on the Indiaspora website.
Being held in collaboration with the Confederation of Indian Industries , the India US Technology Summit on November 18 and 19 aims at providing a platform to industries, institutions and government agencies from the two countries to exchange ideas, showcase their expertise and forge new partnerships to increase trade and investment in the knowledge sector.
John Holdren , Assistant to the President for Science and Technology, Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and Co-Chair of the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST), will lead the US delegation to the Summit.
"We can accomplish far more together if our best and brightest from industry, academia, and laboratories are connected and coordinated," Biswal said.
"By fostering linkages between industry, research, and government in India and the United States, we hope this Summit will encourage innovative partnerships. Such joint ventures have the potential to generate economic growth and jobs, helping people live longer and healthier lives, and finding solutions to global development challenges," she said.
"Our work in the energy sector is a perfect illustration of the potential impact of the partnerships that we hope will take root at, and be strengthened by the Summit," Biswal said, adding that there are over 400 million people in India who are not connected to reliable electrical grids.
To address this pressing problem, she pointed out that the United States government has launched the Off-Grid Alliance, which will enhance access to financing and the certification of off-grid technology.
"While this is an important step forward, we urgently need help in identifying sustainable market solutions to these energy challenges," Biswal wrote.
"The convergence of hundreds of innovators, researchers, academics and government officials at the Summit next week, presents an incredible opportunity for these leaders to join together to address critical issues in the energy sector, as well as so many other areas," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt plans to invest Rs 450-500 crore on computer literacy projectinvest
(The government is expected…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre is planning to invest Rs 450-500 crore on providing basic computer education to about 50 lakh people over the next three years with the help of private companies, a note on which will be sent to the Cabinet for approval shortly.
Investment will be under a project called Disha in identified districts, a senior government official said, adding that the programme will be critical for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's pet project, Digital India, which hopes to bridge the digital divide in the country. "The government will choose districts where this programme will be run. A basic 20-hour computer education programme will be designed for those undertaking the course," said the official, requesting anonymity. The government will select private entity or entities, which will be paid Rs 500 per student for the training, but the funds will be released only once the people clear a test. In the second phase, those who clear the test will be given an option of taking advanced computer courses comprising a 50-hour module.
The government is expected to pay the private company Rs 1,000 per student for this phase, according to the official. Computer literacy will be key to the success of the project through which the government hopes to connect 2.5 lakh gram panchayats throughout the country at a cost of Rs 1.13 lakh crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Berkshire to acquire Duracell from P&G in $4.7 blnBerkshire Hathaway to acquire Duracell battery from Procter & Gamble in $4.7 billion stock deal
Bloomberg Nov 14, 2014, 06.37AM IST
Tags:
Berkshire Hathaway
("Duracell will have about…)
NEW YORK: Berkshire Hathaway agreed to buy the Duracell battery business from Procter & Gamble in chairman Warren Buffett's latest stock swap. Berkshire will turn over $4.7 billion of P&G shares held by Buffett's Omaha, Nebraska-based company, according to a Business Wire statement on Thursday.
Duracell will have about $1.7 billion in cash when the deal is completed, which is expected in the second half of next year, according to the statement. The exchange may help Berkshire cut its holding in Cincinnati-based P&G without incurring the tax costs of selling shares in the open market.
Buffett became one of P&G's biggest shareholders through an investment in Gillette. P&G bought the razor maker in 2005 in a $57-billion deal that the Berkshire chairman supported.
Berkshire held more than 100 million shares as recently as 2008 and cut the stake several times since then as the company faltered under previous CEO Bob McDonald. "I have always been impressed by Duracell, as a consumer and as a long-term investor in P&G and Gillette," Buffett said in the statement.
P&G announced last month that it would divest Duracell. CEO AG Lafley has been streamlining the company, cutting expenses and selling noncore businesses. P&G sold its pet-food business and has said it will jettison up to 100 of its slower-selling brands. Paying with shares would mirror two of Buffett's transactions in the past year, when he swapped stock that had appreciated for operating businesses.
He handed over a holding in Phillips 66 in February in exchange for its pipeline-flowimprover unit. In July, he swapped a stake in former Washington Post publisher, Graham Holdings , for cash, a Miami TV station and Berkshire stock that Graham held. Buffett had about 52 million P&G shares at the end of last year, a stake worth more than $4 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Flipkarts Sachin discusses internet  GST & India Post with IT MinisterYou are here: Home > Collections > E-commerce
Flipkart’s Sachin Bansal discusses internet penetration, GST & India Post with IT Minister
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Nov 14, 2014, 01.37AM IST
Tags:
GST
(Bansal visited Ravi Shankar…)
NEW DELHI: A day after Amazon India head Amit Agarwal met communications and IT minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, Flipkart's founder Sachin Bansal , the largest domestic ecommerce company, called on the minister to discuss greater cooperation with India Post and for the implementation of the Goods and Services tax ( GST ).
Bansal also told Prasad that a disproportionate share of Flipkart's revenue came from the top 10 cities and better logistics as well as internet connectivity would increase the share of tier II and III cities.
"I spoke to the minister for a fast nationwide roll-out of 4G for better connectivity as this would boost e-commerce in the country, especially rural India," Bansal told ET. Speaking to ET, Prasad said that on the issue of India Post, his government was willing to modernise and recast the world's largest postal network.
"I was very glad to see a young entrepreneur from this country has raised an e-commerce giant," Prasad said of Bansal, drawing similarities between him and Mark Zuckerberg , the Facebook founder whom he met last month. "Our government has been pushing the Digital India project because we believe digital connectivity will push trade and e-commerce in rural areas," Prasad said. "Flipkart has been working towards bringing small weavers from parts of this country on their online platform and I told them they must make it bigger and involve weavers from all over the country — Meerut, Tirupur and Bhagalpur," Prasad said.
As reported by ET, Amazon's Agarwal met the minister the day before and spoke of strengthening the company's ties with India Post by allowing the use of new technologies such as real-time tracking and monitoring devices to develop a delivery mechanism based on smart logistics.
India's surging online retail market is expected to touch $45 billion from about $2 billion now, driven by an increasing internet user base backed by surging smartphone sales. This has attracted significant foreign investments recently in Flipkart and Snapdeal, even as Amazon itself announced a $2 billion investment in its India operations.
Both Agarwal and Bansal have pushed for the long-delayed goods and services tax (GST) to be implemented, saying it would facilitate the growth of e-commerce in the country as it dismantles interstate barriers and creates a common market.
Flipkart has also pitched for greater cooperation with India Post, as has Amazon, which already has a tie-up with the state-run organisation. "Bansal, like Agarwal, pointed out poor logistics, multiple taxation and lack of internet connectivity as the biggest hurdles in spread of e-commerce in the country," another person aware of what took place at the meeting told ET.
According to sources, Snapdeal's co-founder Kunal Bahal is also scheduled to meet the minister next week. Snapdeal declined to comment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Eyeing early advantage  AAP names 22 candidatesAam Aadmi Party
(According to party sources,…)
NEW DELHI: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) released its first list of 22 candidates for Delhi polls on Thursday of which 12 are sitting MLAs and the remaining are candidates who lost the last election by a small margin.
Elections in Delhi are imminent but the poll schedule has not been announced yet. According to government sources, polls in Delhi could be scheduled in February next. AAP, however, has always declared candidates much ahead of its competitors on the ground that its contestants adequate time to campaign effectively with little funding.
The party has decided to filed Somnath Bharti, former Delhi Law Minister, from Malviya Nagar again. His midnight raid against African nationals had been a big source of the party's unpopularity outside of Malviya Nagar. Former Transport and Environment minister Saurabh Bharadwaj from Greater Kailash, Bandana Kumari from Shalimar Bagh, Commando Surender from Delhi Cantonment are among other names of sitting MLAs who will fight elections gain.
According to party sources, AAP is likely to drop six to seven sitting legislators as their performance feedback was not up to the mark.
"The decision to repeat or drop a candidate is based on four factors namely volunteer feedback, constituency feedback, and the reports of the observer and district in charge," said a party source who did not wish to be identified.
The party will field 35 new faces this time and the seven Lok Sabha candidates of Delhi are also in the running to contest state elections this time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maha trust vote can be challenged: Former SC judge Justice PB SawantChief Minister
(Justice Sawant said, “if…)
MUMBAI: Former Supreme Court judge , Justice PB Sawant has said that members of Maharashtra legislative assembly have the right to legally challenge the trust motion, passed by a voice vote, if they feel that the process followed by the Speaker was unconstitutional.
Speaking exclusively to ET, Justice Sawant said, "if some members of the assembly feel that the procedure adopted for the trust vote was unconstitutional, they can appeal against it in the Supreme Court. After a review, the Supreme Court can order the state government to conduct another trust vote. The court would generally not interfere in the proceedings of a legislature and so it would not order the Speaker to conduct the trust vote again. But on the basis of complaint of MLAs who feel that the process was unconstitutional, the court can order the state government to face another trust motion."
"The SR Bommai judgement given by the Supreme Court is a landmark in these matters. In that case, the Supreme Court made it clear that just because the Governor felt that the government had a majority in the House, it could not be taken for granted.
The majority should be proved on the floor of the House. The sense of the judgement is that the Governor, or in this case the Speaker, may feel one thing but the sole yardstick for testing a majority in the House is voting held in the House".
"When it comes to trust motion, the general sense is that it should be held through actual voting in the House and division of votes should be announced. Only if members from all parties say that they have no objection to a voice vote, should a voice vote be considered final. But an important motion like trust vote should ideally be put to division. Now if the members think that Wednesday's procedure was unconstitutional, they have the right to appeal in the Supreme Court," Justice Sawant said.
The late Karnataka chief minister SR Bommai, whose dismissal in 1989 led to a trend-setting judgment by the Supreme Court stipulating a floor test, has been a yardstick on a government proving majority. The judgment also laid down certain guidelines and standards on dismissal of a state government under Article 356. The judgment stated that the proclamation under Article 356(1) is not immune from judicial review.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi to campaign in J&K on November 22  address rally in KishtwarPM Narendra Modi to campaign in J&K on November 22, address rally in Kishtwar
PTI Nov 13, 2014, 11.29PM IST
(Kishtwar district is part…)
JAMMU: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will campaign for BJP candidates in Jammu and Kashmir later this month.
He is likely to address a public rally in Kishtwar district on November 22, a senior BJP leader said.
Kishtwar district is part of Chenab valley, where six Assembly constituencies go to polls in the first phase of elections on November 25 along with 9 other constituencies of Kashmir and Ladakh regions.
Congress had bagged five out of the 6 seats from Doda, Kishtwar and Ramban district of Chenab valley, which is home turf of senior Congress leader and Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad.
Chenab valley is part of Udhampur Lok Sabha seat which was bagged by MoS PMO Jitendra Singh, who defeated Azad by over 60,000 votes in 2014 Lok Sabha polls.
This will be the fourth visit of Modi to Jammu and Kashmir after taking over as the Prime Minister of country.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi sees advantage for BJP govt from AadhaarPM Narendra Modi sees advantage for BJP government from UID scheme Aadhaar
Aman Sharma, ET Bureau Nov 14, 2014, 10.36AM IST
Tags:
Bihar
(Aadhaar will help the government…)
NEW DELHI: PM Narendra Modi's belief that his party would gain politically in UP and Bihar assembly polls if central beneficiary schemes are rolled out using Aadhaar, has prompted him to strongly pitch for the UID scheme he had attacked until a few months ago. The Centre has been prompted to set a target of enrolling all Indians by next March also because of its growing realisation that Aadhaar's biometric features were a deterrence for terrorists and that it would help Modi's ambitious 'Digital India' plan.
ET spoke to multiple officials in the government, home ministry, UIDAI and IB to decipher the BJP government's new-found love for Aadhaar, since it was a scheme that BJP leaders had threatened to scrap during their poll campaign. Officials are racing towards completing a target what seemed only a dream a few months back — of enrolling all 30 crore people in UP and Bihar in just about a year.
"Crucial polls are there in Bihar in mid-2015 and in UP in early-2016. Aadhaar will help the government roll out it schemes like Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana and Direct Benefits Transfer effectively.
Both these states have a history of swindling central grants," a top government official told ET. Ironically, BJP is cashing in on a UPA decision in February to hand over these two key states to UIDAI for enrolment after the MHA's National Population Register scheme had only succeeded in enrolling less than 10% of the population in UP and Bihar. The Modi-led Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs endorsed UPA's decision in September. "Aadhaar enrolments, since March, have covered 8 crore people in UP and Bihar. We are enrolling 15 lakh people every day and hope to cover both states totally by March," a UIDAI official said.
UIDAI has enrolled over 70 crore, covering 90% of population in Delhi and Andhra while NPR has captured only 26 crore people. The subsequent change in heart has been at the home ministry. "Why would a terrorist give his finger-prints, IRIS print and get himself live photographed to get an Aadhaar card? Last week the terror mastermind of the Burdwan plot was arrested, Sajid.
He had all conceivable fake identity documents — a Voter I-Card, PAN Card and Driving License but not an Aadhaar card," a senior MHA official told ET. The mnistry is also impressed by the e-KYC process wherein a person gives his finger-prints on a biometric kiosk which instantly flashes his Aadhaar details.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Don t prepare to win next trust by suspending Cong MLAs: Shiv SenaAssembly:-6
(The Devendra Fadnavis government…)
MUMBAI: In an apparent attempt to cosy up with Congress, the Shiv Sena has cautioned the Maharashtra BJP government against preparing to win the next trust vote by suspending Congress legislators.
The Devendra Fadnavis government had on Wednesday won a contentious trust vote in the state Assembly amid dramatic protests by the Opposition. Later, five Congress MLAs were suspended for allegedly causing "injury" to Governor C Vidyasagar Rao when they tried to block his entry into the legislature complex.
"Running the government is not a child's play. Even if you get power in your hand, you cannot suspend MLAs and (by doing this) prepare to win the next trust vote after six months. If you are trying to cheat people by doing this, remember you are digging your own grave," the Sena said today in an editorial in its mouthpiece 'Saamana'.
"It has been alleged that some people tried to heckle the Governor following which he got injured. It is surprising that inspite of being injured he could walk in and give a long speech. We could not see any sign of injuries on him that day. Inspite of this, five Congress MLAs were suspended on false charges," it alleged.
Taking a jibe at its former ally, the Sena said since the Governor is a BJP leader from Telangana, only leaders from that party would be able to gauge the extent of his injury.
The editorial said that though the BJP government managed to win the trust vote in the Assembly, it lost the people's trust.
"All newspaper headlines are showing that the BJP has won the trust vote, but lost people's trust. They (the BJP) have lost every moral right to govern now," it said.
"Whoever fails to follow the constitutional rules will get a severe beating from the people. By trampling upon all the rules and regulations and traditions of the state to claim stake to the government, they have earned the wrath of the people. People have watched the shameful act committed by the BJP," the Sena added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fadnavis regime earns DF government tag due to NCP leader s influenceDevendra Fadnavis regime earns ‘DF government’ tag due to NCP leader's influence
Rohit Chandavarkar, ET Bureau Nov 14, 2014, 05.31AM IST
Tags:
Congress
(Most MLAs and activists…)
MUMBAI: A rose by another name may smell as sweet but babus and voters of Maharashtra definitely would not have dreamt that a different regime by the same initials would look almost identical. It is too early to judge the Devendra Fadnavis regime but it has already earned the 'DF government' tag at the Mantralaya among babus not just because the initials of the CM are the same as the previous coalition government's official name ( Democratic Front ) but because of the influence NCP leader Sharad Pawar seems to have on it.
Most MLAs and activists of NCP are going around Mantralaya with the same confidence they had when their government was in power! BJP CM now depends on NCP support just like the Congress CM depended earlier.
"We see a sudden change in the NCP MLAs body language. Since yesterday, they are going around in government offices as if they are back in power. They were subdued after the poll results and thought that it would be difficult for them to dominate but after the trust vote made it clear that BJP government would depend on NCP at least for the next few months, NCP MLAs are aggressive as earlier," said a babu.
Yet another common factor at the Mantralaya is the state government's dependence on the 'high command' in New Delhi for orders and decisions.
"The Prithviraj Chavan government was targeted by the opposition for its dependence on the high command in Delhi. Opposition claimed all important decisions were taken in Delhi and that caused delay but now BJP government in Maharashtra is exactly in the same state. The Fadnavis government is taking all instructions and directions from either party high command or the Prime Minister's Office. So everything is being ordered from Delhi," the babu added. The the only people who seem to have got it right are Nota voters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Samsung chases curved smartphone wave to beat flat-screen crowdSamsung Electronics chases curved smartphone wave to beat flat-screen crowd
By Reuters | 14 Nov, 2014, 04.59AM IST
0
Share More
On sale in South Korea since late October for close to $1,000, and also on sale in Japan, the Note Edge is soon to debut in the United States. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co Ltd aims to restore its crumbling lead in the global smartphone industry in part by ramping up high-end devices with curved screens full of advanced technology that's tough for rivals to replicate.
Yet as the South Korean giant seeks to make devices like the rigid-curve Galaxy Note Edge stand out from a crowd of flat, big-screen handsets, making money will depend on producing them cost-effectively and coaxing developers to tailor applications for the new format.
Samsung Electronics is headed for its worst annual profit in three years, under siege as Chinese firms like Xiaomi Technology Co and Lenovo Group Ltd reel in buyers with full-function touch-screen smartphones that are cheaper. Only Apple Inc has maintained full brand premium.
The collective industry move towards larger screens makes distinctive designs tougher to achieve, said Kim Nam-su, a senior Samsung Electronics designer and an architect of the Note Edge. "A change in the platform can bring about a variety of new considerations...I think a curved screen is a big solution for overcoming those challenges," he said.
As Samsung Electronics moves towards what analysts say could be a nearly one-third drop in operating profit this year, it's launching more mid-tier phones to counter cheaper rivals. But a high-tech edge for the premium market could also help it compete in an industry that international research firm CCS Insight sees growing to $331 billion by 2018 from $289 billion this year.
The Note Edge is not the first device to use a non-flat format. But the curved edge on the device is designed to be more than just a gimmick, offering shortcuts to apps, as well as customisation to display message notifications or stream headlines independent of the main screen.
RIGID CURVE
On sale in South Korea since late October for close to $1,000, and also on sale in Japan, the Note Edge is soon to debut in the United States. It has been well reviewed in the technology press, a departure from recent knocks that Samsung Electronics goods didn't stand out against the competition.
While the Note Edge's rigid curve sets it apart, in the premium handset market its rivals include devices like Apple's iPhone 6 Plus, LG Electronics Inc's G3 and HTC Corp's One M8 handsets.
Subsidiary Samsung Display Co and its rival LG Display Co Ltd are so far the only firms that can mass-produce the flexible displays needed to make curved smartphones, having invested more in developing the organic light-emitting diode technology used to manufacture them. Analysts say that investment lead will make it difficult for rivals to produce imitations quickly.
Samsung Electronics declined to give early sales figures or expected profit margins for the Note Edge, but the specialist screen technology required means the curved display is difficult to make and likely more expensive - something the firm needs to address. The Note Edge retails in South Korea for about $100 more than the company's flat-screen counterpart, the Note 4.
In addition, technology for other parts like batteries, circuit boards and touch-screen layers need to advance further to keep pace with radical screen designs. In a vicious cycle, per-unit costs will remain comparatively high until and unless components reach mass production.
"For future devices where concept designs include tightly rollable devices with a very small radius of curvature, every major component will need to be redesigned to fit into a package form factor that can withstand a high degree of flexing," said Strategy Analytics analyst Stuart Robinson.
Beyond hardware, the challenge for Samsung Electronics in making curved products must-have gadgets, rather than a gimmick,
is to convince potential buyers that they can do things on a curved gadget more easily and effectively than on a flat screen.
To do that, it must foster the development of applications offering users something new that makes a virtue of the differentiated screen curvature - and convince developers to invest in what remains a niche product for now.
"Every time the mobile phone industry has seen disruption is when the input or interaction experience has changed," said Counterpoint analyst Neil Shah. "Maybe now Samsung with bent, or flex displays could develop a new way of interaction with mobile devices, pushing an ecosystem around that."

Tata Motors Q2 profit falls 7.1% on weak salesTata Motors Q2 profit falls 7.1 per cent on weak domestic sales, lags estimates
Aditi Shah     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 17:39 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Tata Motors, the country's biggest automaker by revenue, on Friday reported a 7.1 per cent fall in its second quarter profit, missing analysts estimate after weak sales in its domestic business.
The automaker's net profit fell to Rs 3,291 crore (US $533 million) in the second quarter ended September 30, 2014, from Rs 3,542 crore in the corresponding period a year ago, Tata Motors said.
The company's revenue rose 6.5 per cent to Rs 60,164 crore.
Excluding exports, sales of its commercial and passenger vehicles fell by 15.7 per cent during the reporting quarter in the current financial year versus FY14.
Tata Motors has been banking on sales by luxury British carmaker Jaguar Land Rover (JLR), which it bought in 2008, to prop up profits for the past few years.
Analysts on average expected the company to post a profit of Rs 4,620 crore and revenue of Rs 63,428 crore, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
(Reuters)

Haryana man  who was thrown out of Bhavnagar hospital  diesPrint
By: Express News Service | Rajkot | Posted: November 14, 2014 6:53 pm
Two days after he was thrown out of a government hospital in Bhavnagar despite being too weak to even speak, a Haryana man died while undergoing treatment late on Friday morning with district authorities saying strong action will be taken against two doctors who had been suspended thereon.
The man, who was identified as “Satish” from Haryana, had struggled his way to Sir Takhtasinji General Hospital (STGH) of Bhavnagar late Monday night. While junior resident doctor Ramakrishna Darji admitted the man, senior resident doctor Smit Darji ordered the patient be removed from the hospital premises after primary treatment.
Acting on this order, Suresh Babubhai, a contract employee tasked with sweeping and cleaning, put Satish on a stretcher and dumped him in a nullah near Pill Garden at around 2 am on Tuesday, hospital authorities say. However, he was brought back to the hospital by onlookers and admitted again to general surgical ward of the same hospital within half an hour.
“We had shifted the patient from general surgical ward to ICU (intensive care unit) of surgical ward on Thursday evening after his condition deteriorated. However, the cellulitis infection had spread too deep in his body system and it lead to him developing septicemia. The patient died at 10:30 am on Tuesday while undergoing treatment,” additional medical superintendent of STGH, Dr Aravind Sisodia told The Indian Express.
Dr Sisodia said that the man, who is believed to be around 30, had no relatives in Bhavangar and when he came to hospital, he was physically too weak to even speak.
“At the time he was hospitalised, there was just a small ulcer on his left forearm and a few maggots inside it. But he was very lean and thin with very low immunity. We had been administering heavy doses of antibiotics but the patient did not respond to the treatment,” Dr Jitendra Ruparel, resident medical officer (RMO) of STGH said.
The treatment meted out by the doctors had triggered public outrage forcing the hospital authorities to suspend the two doctors for a month the same day while terminating the sweeper.
But Bhavnagar collector Pravin Solanki said this was not enough. “It is not the question of the type of treatment the patient was given but the inhuman behaviour by the doctors. We have already written to the dean of Bhavnagar Medical college saying mere suspension for one month is not enough and that sever punishment should be meted out to the erring doctors. We have reported the matter to the Chief Minister’s Office also,” the collector said on Friday.
Solanki said that district administration too did not have much information about the man from Haryana.
Dr Sisodiya also said the two resident doctors were at fault. “The doctors must have thought that curing the ulcer might prove a tedious job and therefore they tried to get rid of the patient. However, they forgot the call of duty in doing so. This is very unfortunate incident for the entire medical fraternity,” he said.
The RMO said they were waiting for the post-mortem report continued…

Nokia says vanishing consumer brand may returnOur brand will return to consumer world, says Nokia CEO
Eric Auchard        Last Updated: November 15, 2014  | 12:17 IST
Nokia CEO Rajeev Suri speaks during a news conference to announce its first quarter earnings in Espoo April 29, 2014. (Photo: Reuters)
Don't call it a comeback yet. But Nokia is thinking about how to revive its brand name in consumer markets just months after selling off its former flagship mobile phones business to Microsoft for more than $7 billion.
"I think you can expect our brand will return to the consumer world," Nokia's chief executive Rajeev Suri said on Friday when asked about rumours that the networks equipment maker was looking to re-enter the handset market.
Suri told investors at a presentation in London that his company will look to licensing the brand name to other firms rather than starting up a new handset business itself.
"We see brand licensing as an opportunity. But I would say it is more of a long-term opportunity," Suri said of potential deals where other makers of consumer electronics might pay Nokia to use its brand on their products.
Another company executive on Friday pointed to Porsche Design as an example of the sort of brand-licensing deals Nokia might consider.
No deal is imminent but the Nokia brand could eventually appear on a range of electronics, not necessarily phones. "This is not a sentimentality thing," Suri said.
Microsoft this week dropped the Nokia name on its latest Lumia 535 smartphone, having acquired the Nokia business back in April.
Nokia was once synonymous with mobile phones but the brand's ranking sank to 98th this year among the world's best known corporate names, down from fifth in 2007, according to a survey by market researcher Interbrand.
The slide came after first Apple and then Samsung Electronics entered the smartphone market to successfully challenge the Finnish company's decade of market leadership.

BJP leaders protest over taking support from corrupt NCPPrint
By: Express News Service | Pune | Posted: November 15, 2014 11:09 am
The new political equation that has emerged during Wednesday’s  trust-vote of Devendra Fadnavis government in Maharashtra, has not gone down well with a section of BJP leaders with some of them openly venting out anger against their party allegedly taking support from NCP to gain power.
In one such show of protest, prominent  BJP leaders from neighbouring Ahmednagar district staged “Atma-klesh” agitation to express their strong sentiments over “alliance with corrupt NCP”, on Friday.
“The NCP along with Congress created troubles for BJP and RSS workers in past. We feel deeply hurt after our party has developed affinity with same NCP now in government formation,” senior BJP leaders from Ahmednagar Heramb Auti and Sunil Mutha said.
“Grass-root BJP workers toiled hard during Assembly polls to ensure victory for party. Voters have dejected NCP by reducing it to smallest in numbers among established parties. We have  no explanation to offer to our workers and voters now over alliance with corrupt NCP, ” they added.
The BJP leaders also blamed Shiv Sena for its “irresponsible and arrogant” behavior during pre and post poll talks with BJP, resulting into  severing of old ties and giving scope to  NCP in political equations in Maharashtra.

Reform process bound to face resistance: PMModiPrint
PM Modi with President of China Xi Jinping, U.S. President Obama, UK Prime Minister David Cameron and other leaders posing for the family photo during the G 20 Summit in Brisbane (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Brisbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 11:02 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 8:25 am
As he seeks to accelerate his economic reform drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Saturday said reform process is bound to face resistance and wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms , Mold told fellow G20 leaders at a Retreat here that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
A barbeque lunch was served to the G20 leaders.
“Reform is bound to face resistance…must be insulated from political pressures,” said Modi.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by “stealth”.
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Modi felt that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that governance methods must be reformed.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the prime minister said it must be technology driven and must have scale and address root causes..
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters yesterday that Prime Minister Abbott had specially requested Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.

At FCI  some loaders earn more than Rs 4 lak...At FCI, some loaders earn more than Rs 4 lakh per month
By Surojit Gupta & Dipak K Dash, TNN | 15 Nov, 2014, 11.15AM IST
0
Share More
It is a tale of abuse of government funds, inefficiency, and reluctance on the part of the authorities to act tough against vested interests.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: A six-figure salary would normally be associated with MBAs, doctors or engineers. But some loaders at the state-run Food Corporation of India (FCI) too earn that much.
It is a tale of abuse of government funds, inefficiency, and reluctance on the part of the authorities to act tough against vested interests.
Documents available with TOI show that so-called "labour gangs" at FCI have flourished under a system where state funds are used to pay them eyebrow-raising wages, including allowances.
In August 2014, 370 workers received more than Rs 4 lakh in wages, incentives, arrears and overtime allowance. Another 386 workers received between Rs 2 lakh and 2.50 lakh in the same month.
More than 6,000 workers at the agency, responsible for procuring, storing and transporting foodgrains in the country, received Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh.
Threats of strikes and stringent wage agreements between the FCI management and workers have seen wages and allowances for loaders soar. Acute shortage of workers has also added to the problem. While there are surplus labourers in some depots, there are others where the work load is heavy and leads to engaging of "proxy labour," by the company's existing workers.
"This situation has been prevailing for more than 15 years. It is nothing but wastage in the name of food subsidy," said an expert, who did not wish to be identified.
Insiders at FCI and experts who have closely observed the functioning of the agency say the practice is well entrenched. Often, well paid loaders hire workers -- or what is known as 'proxy labour' -- for Rs 7,000-8,000 to do their work.
Sources said the number of bags loaded or unloaded by workers is often inflated to enable them to take home a fat pay cheque. Sometimes the number of bags loaded or unloaded is shown to be more than 500, way above the actual quantity to earn extra cash.
Telephone calls to the FCI chairman for comments went unanswered. But union representatives alleged the menace of "proxy labour" has flourished because of wrong policies, no recruitment and connivance of authorities. They said they have written to the government several times to end the practice of proxy labour and employ more workers.
"Due to the shortage of about 15,000 handling workers accumulated since 2003 and with the increasing demand of work, the local management has started an irregular system of deployment of outside labour for timely loading of rakes," G S Jena, general secretary of FCI Workers Union, wrote in a letter to the labour minister.
"Since their deployment is not recorded, their output is recorded in the name of regular workers, thus inflating their wages by putting very heavy amount of incentives," he added.
Experts say there is a need to limit the number of bags to be handled by a labourer to 125 or outsource the entire stocking operations to the private sector.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has now taken steps to revamp the state-run entity, save precious funds from being siphoned off in the name of subsidies and overhaul the entire system at FCI. He has appointed a panel of experts headed by BJP leader Shanta Kumar, a former Himachal Pradesh chief minister and Union food minister, to suggest measures to reform FCI.

Chhattisgarh sterilisation tragedy: Rat poison chemical found in drugs given topatientsAt least 15 women have died, most of whom had attended the camp.
By: Reuters | Bilaspur | Posted: November 15, 2014 11:32 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 11:59 am
Tablets linked to the deaths of more than a dozen women who visited a sterilisation camp in eastern India are likely to have contained a chemical compound commonly used in rat poison , a senior official in Chhattisgarh state said on Saturday.
Preliminary tests of the antibiotic ciprocin tablets were found to contain zinc phosphide, Siddhartha Pardeshi, the chief administrator for the Bilaspur district told Reuters.
The antibiotics were handed out at the mass sterilisation held a week ago in the impoverished state. At least 15 women have died, most of whom had attended the camp.
Pardeshi said authorities had tested the tablets after being informed that zinc phosphide was found at the nearby factory of Mahawar Pharmaceuticals, a firm at the centre of investigations into the deaths at a government-run family planning camp.
Pardeshi said samples had been sent to laboratories in Delhi and Kolkata to verify that the tablets were contaminated as the  preliminary report suggested.
“But, this is what we anticipate,” he said. “Symptoms shown by the patients also conform with zinc phosphide (poisoning).”
More possible victims arrived at hospitals from villages on Thursday and Friday, some clutching medicine strips from Mahawar and complaining of vomiting, dizziness and swelling, a doctor at the district’s main public hospital said on Friday.
The new patients had not attended the sterilisation camps, but had consumed the drugs separately, the doctor and another official said.
The state government said it had seized 200,000 tablets of Ciprocin 500 and over 4 million other tablets manufactured by Mahawar.
Police have arrested Ramesh Mahawar, the firm’s managing director, and his son. Mahawar has said both are innocent.
India is the world’s top steriliser of women, and efforts to rein in population growth have been described as the most draconian after China. Indian birth rates fell in recent decades, but population growth remains among the world’s fastest.
Sterilisation is popular because it is cheap and effective, and sidesteps cultural resistance to and problems with distribution of other types of contraception in rural areas.

Discoms warn of outages if tariff not raised...Discoms warn of outages if tariff not raised in Delhi
By Richi Verma, TNN | 15 Nov, 2014, 11.24AM IST
0
Share More
The three private discoms--BSES Rajdhani, BSES Yamuna and Tata Power Delhi--will now have to manage with the present tar iffs announced in July . 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Discoms are unhappy with DERC's decision to withdraw Thursday's order on power purchase adjustment charges (PPAC).They were banking on the hike to meet rising expenditure, and now warn that their inability to pay generation companies may lead to blackouts in Delhi.
The three private discoms--BSES Rajdhani, BSES Yamuna and Tata Power Delhi--will now have to manage with the present tar iffs announced in July . Reacting to the news of the withdrawal, one discom shot off a letter to the government stating that the cost of power from central and local generating stations had increased significantly and they might not be able to meet these costs at current tariff levels."The cost of power from NTPC stations such as Dadri and Badarpur has increased from Rs 4 per unit to around Rs 6 per unit and the cost of power from generating stations in Delhi has increased from Rs 4 per unit to Rs 11 per unit," the letter said.
Discoms said they have little money to pay the generating companies in the present scenario. Power supply to east Delhi discom BYPL is already regulated from at least two sources, including DVC and SJVNL.
Sources in the companies blamed political pressure for DERC's decision to withdraw the hike. "The Electricty Act empowers DERC to work independent of any political pressure but that is not happening,'' said a source. The companies claimed delaying PPAC expenses would burden consumers more in the future."Ultimately , these are costs that power generators are charging and we are compelled to pay on a monthly basis, otherwise they will regulate power and Delhi will face outages,'' said the source.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Modi govt paying attention to eastern states...Jitan Ram Manjhi
("We have clear cut instruction…)
PATNA: Keeping politics at bay, the Narendra Modi government is paying special attention towards eastern states, including Bihar, for improving power situation, Union Minister for Power Piyush Goyal said today.
"We have clear cut instruction from Prime Minister Narendra Modi to extend all help to eastern states including Bihar to make them self-reliant in the power sector," Goyal told reporters.
The minister said this before leaving for commercial launch of unit IV of the NTPC Barh Super Thermal Power Plant (STPP) and declare commercial operation of 110 MW unit II of the Muzaffarpur Thermal power station (Stage I).
"Recently Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi met me with a list of proposals including providing uniterrupted electricity supply in six districts to which Centre told him - why only 6 districts, we will help you to get 24x7 power supply in all 38 districts," he said.
"There is clear cut instruction from the PM not to bring any politics in power sector in the energy-starved eastern states like Bihar, Odisha and West Bengal ," he said.
With the supply of additional 429 MW power from new Barh unit, the electricity supply to the state from central schemes would rise to 1948 MW.
Goyal said soon the ambitious scheme of "Deendayal Upadhyay Gram Jyoti Yojna" under which farmers would be supplied uninterrupted electricity through dedicated feeders would be launched in Bihar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple should have launched iPhone 6 earlier: Co-founderApple co-founder Steve Wozniak criticises Tim Cook for delayed launch of larger iPhones
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: November 12, 2014  | 20:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has criticised the company and Tim Cook for delaying the launch of large-screen iPhones in the market by three years.
Wozniak, who left Apple in 1987, said Apple could have had a much bigger share of the smartphone market if it had a larger-screen iPhone for the past three years.
In an interview to CNN, he said the Tim Cook-led company would have competed better with Samsung Electronics had it released large-screen phones earlier.
The Korean company's 24 per cent share of the smartphone market wouldn't dwarf Apple's 12 per cent if it had responded more quickly to consumers' changing tastes, Wozniak said.

Padmapriya ties the knotUpdated: November 12, 2014 18:41 IST
Padmapriya ties the knot
cinema
The actress got married yesterday to long-time beau Jasmine Shah
Actress Padmapriya, known for her sensitive portrayals on screen in Tamil and Malayalam, got married on Wednesday to her long-time beau Jasmine Shah, who is associate director of policy (South Asia) with Jamal Abdul Lateef Poverty Action Lab, and works out of Delhi.
The actress, who made her debut in Tamil with Thavamaai Thavamirindhu, and Jasmine were married at a private function in Mumbai. The duo apparently met in the U.S. where Padmapriya was studying at New York University and Jasmine at Columbia. Jasmine is known for his ‘Jaago Re’ One Billion Vote Campaign.
Padmapriya has acted in close to 50 films across Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Hindi with much-feted filmmakers, including Adoor Gopalakrishnan, Blessy, Cheran and Hariharan. She has also won a special jury award at the National Awards in 2009 for her body of work across languages.
Her latest release is the Malayalam Iyobinte Pusthakam, directed by Amal Neerad. It co-stars Fahadh Faasil, Isha Sharvani and Jayasurya.
Padmapriya, also a celebrated Bharatanatyam dancer, has always been drawn to cerebral roles. In real life, she is a multi-tasker, having done an MBA in finance and a course in environmental law from NLS, Bangalore.
She has worked in the social development sector, a field similar to her husband’s.

Nehru s integrity can t be doubted: Rajnathceremony
‘There could be disagreements with his policies, though’
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said on Friday that there could be disagreements with former Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru’s policies, but his integrity could not be doubted.
Mr. Singh was speaking at the inaugural function of the 125th birth anniversary commemoration of Nehru at the Nehru Memorial Museum and Library.
“Nehru trusted the intelligence of the people and hence promoted democracy. People considered Indian democracy as one for the elite and thought that only one family can rule this country. But it is in this very Indian democracy that an ordinary vote is powerful enough to make a tea-seller the Prime Minister. We don’t agree with his policy on Jammu and Kashmir and many disagree with his China policy. But he was the primary force behind the Non-Aligned Movement,” Mr. Singh said.
We remember Pandit Nehru's efforts during the freedom struggle and his role as the first Prime Minister of India.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 14, 2014
Minister of State for Culture (Independent Charge) Mahesh Sharma also took a dig at dynastic rule. “This Rashtrapurush (Man of the Nation) is not the heritage of any family or dynasty. Mr. Modi has decided to celebrate a whole year to commemorate Nehru’s birth anniversary. He is still an inspiration to all citizens. Nehru Memorial Museum & Library Director (Mahesh Rangarajan) informed me that our country’s first Council of Ministers had six non-Congressmen.”
Mr. Sharma added that Rs. 20 crore had been sanctioned for the commemoration in 2014-2015.
Mr. Singh launched the Nehru portal, which hosts the first 15 volumes of the former Prime Minister’s collected works and other archival material. He also released two commemorative coins. He praised Nehru for ‘enlisting the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh’ in the Integrated Food Production Programme in 1950 and allowing it to march in the 1963 Republic Day Parade.
“Nehru did not oppose any economic ideology. He agreed with socialist and communist ideologies but understood their limitations. He found the mixed economy as an ideal policy. I unequivocally call him a Rashtrapurush and all his works must be studied holistically. All his papers should be collected and the Public Records Rules of 1997 make this possible,” Mr. Singh said.
From Brisbane, Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted: “Tributes to Nehru. We remember Pandit Nehru’s efforts during the freedom struggle and his role as the first Prime Minister of India.”

Microsoft rolls out Skype for web browsersInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
Microsoft has released a test version of Skype that lets people make Internet calls from web browsers, eliminating the need to install special applications.
“It’s perfect if you prefer using the web rather than an app: perhaps you’re sitting at a computer that doesn’t already have Skype downloaded,” Microsoft said in a blog post yesterday.
“Or maybe you’re on the go and using an Internet cafe or hotel computer whilst on vacation where you can’t download Skype at all.”
Skype for Web will be available to a small number of existing users at first and will be rolled out globally in the coming months, according to Microsoft.
Skype is used every day for more than two billion minutes of voice and video calling on the Internet, the US technology titan said.
Skype was launched in August 2003 by two Scandinavian technology entrepreneurs, Niklas Zennstroem of Sweden and Janus Friis of Denmark, who expanded on existing peer-to-peer networking technologies.
Skype, which allows its online users to make high-quality calls to each other anywhere in the world for free, quickly took off, bringing the world closer together in an age when globalization and intercontinental travel pulled more families apart than at perhaps any other time in history.
Skype was made available through free applications tailored for computers, smartphones, tablets and smart televisions.
US software maker Microsoft bought Skype in 2011 for USD 8.5 billion and built the service into Xbox One video game consoles.
TAGS: Microsoft Skype
More from industry

Philae successfully plants thermometer on cometUpdated: November 15, 2014 03:16 IST
Philae successfully plants thermometer on comet
AP
Tweet
Reuters/ESA
A panoramic image of the surface of Comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko, captured by Rosetta’s lander Philae's CIVA-P imaging system.
TOPICS
space programme
Comet lander starts drilling; batteries a worry
The good news- The spacecraft that landed on a comet has begun drilling beneath the surface to see what secrets the celestial body can reveal.
The bad news- Scientists at the European Space Agency still don’t know exactly where the lander is on the comet and are anxiously hoping its batteries hold out long enough for them to get the mining data and adjust the spacecraft’s position.
It was a race against time Friday for the Philae lander, which on Wednesday became the first spacecraft to touch down on a comet. Since then it has sent astonishing images from the icy, dusty comet, 67P/Churyumov—Gerasimenko, and generated some data from instruments such as one that measures temperatures.
All this is taking place 500 million kilometers from Earth on a comet hurtling 66,000 kph through space.
Material beneath the surface of the comet has remained almost unchanged for 4.5 billion years, making those mining samples a cosmic time capsule that scientists are eager to study.
Mission controllers said Philae was able to bore 25 centimeters into the comet to start collecting the samples, but it’s unclear whether it has enough power to deliver any information on them.
The lander has an estimated 64 hours of battery power but has to rely on solar panels to generate electricity after that. Scientists hoped the batteries would still have some juice the next time the lander was due to make contact, late Friday night. The agency said it would provide an update on that over the weekend.
Philae bounced twice on the comet before coming to rest Wednesday after two harpoons that should have anchored it to the surface failed to deploy. Controllers still haven’t been able to pinpoint its position, but photos indicate it’s next to a cliff that is largely blocking sunlight from reaching two of its three solar panels.
“Maybe the battery will be empty before we contact again,” said Stephan Ulamec, head of operations for Philae.
If the batteries are still running and scientists can extract the scientific data from the craft, they will rotate the lander slightly so that it might capture more sunlight.
“That would increase the chance that, at a later stage, the lander could wake up again and start talking to us again,” Ulamec said.
After the batteries run out, Philae will remain on the comet in a hibernation mode for the coming months. The comet is on a 6 1/2—year elliptical orbit around the sun. Philae could wake up again if the comet passes the sun in such a way that its solar panels catch more light.
Meanwhile, the Rosetta Philae’s mother ship, which is streaking through space in tandem with the comet will use its 11 instruments to analyze the comet over the coming months.
Scientists hope the $1.6 billion (1.3 billion—euro) project that was launched a decade ago will help them answer questions about the origins of the universe and life on Earth.
Communication with the lander is slow, with signals taking more than 28 minutes to travel between Earth and Rosetta.
No matter how long Philae keeps talking to them, scientists say they already have gathered huge amounts of data and are calling the expedition a roaring success.
“Let’s stop looking at things that we could have done if everything had worked properly,” said flight director Andrea Accomazzo. “Let us look at things that we have done, what we have achieved and what we have on the ground. This is unique and will be unique forever.”
As for pinpointing Philae’s position, Holger Sierks, the principal investigator for the Rosetta’s camera systems, said the cameras should have captured the lander’s rebound, yielding valuable information on where it came to rest.
That data has not yet come in, however. Specialists still need to comb one and two square kilometers (0.4 and 0.8 square miles) on the comet to find Philae.

Jewellery drives gold demand in India: 8 key factsGold futures price falls on global cues
Demonstrating the resilience of the country’s appetite for gold jewellery, demand for jewellery in India for the September 2014 quarter was up by 60% at 182.9 tonnes as compared to Q2 2013 (114.5 tonnes). The increase is partly reflective of the weakness in India last year  when the government introduced import curbs and raised import duties.
1.  81.2% of total gold demand in India is accounted by jewellery
2. Total demand for gold in India for the quarter ended September 2014 was at 225.1 tonnes, up by 39% as compared to the overall demand in the same period of 2013 (161.6 tonnes).  With this, market expectations of gold demand for 2014 is at 850–950 tonnes.
3. India’s Q2 2014 gold demand value was Rs 56,219.3 crore, a rise of 31 per cent in comparison to Q2 2013 (Rs 42,829.6 crore)
4.  The value of jewellery demand was Rs 45,681.6 crore, a rise of 51% from Q2 2013 (Rs 30,346.5 crore)
5.  Total investment demand for Q2 2014 was down by 10% at 42.2 tonnes in comparison to Q2 2013 (47.1 tonnes)
6. In value terms, gold investment demand was Rs 10,537.7 crore, a drop of 10% from Q2 2013 (Rs 12,483.1 crore)
7.  Total gold recycled in India in Q2 2014 was 18.2 tonnes, as compared to 53 tonnes in Q2 2013
 
TAGS: Gold Gold Jewellery
More from commodities

7.3-magnitude quake in Indonesia  tsunami warning issuedPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Jakarta | Posted: November 15, 2014 10:16 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 11:06 am
A 7.3-magnitude earthquake rocked the Maluku Islands in eastern Indonesia on Saturday, the US Geological Survey said, prompting authorities to issue a tsunami warning.
The undersea quake struck at a depth of 46 kilometres at 10:31 am (0231 GMT), 154 kilometres northwest of Kota Ternate, the USGS said.
“Tsunami waves are possible for coasts located within 300 kilometres,” said the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center.
The centre said tsunami waves could hit parts of Indonesia, as well the Philippines, Japan, Taiwan and islands in the South Pacific.
Tsunami waves between 30 centimetres and one metre could hit parts of Indonesia, said the centre, while waves below 30 centimetres were forecast for the coasts of the Philippines, the centre said.
“We have issued an early tsunami warning,” an official from Indonesia’s meteorological agency told AFP.
Indonesia sits on the Pacific “Ring of Fire” where continental plates collide, causing frequent seismic and volcanic activity.
A huge undersea quake in 2004 triggered a tsunami that killed more than 170,000 people in Aceh province, on western Sumatra island, and tens of thousands more in other countries with coasts on the Indian Ocean.

Kunal Ghosh suicide bid: Getting sedatives in Bengal jails is easyGetting sedatives and drugs in Bengal jails is child’s play
Ravik Bhattacharya , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, November 15, 2014
First Published: 02:28 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 12:38 IST(15/11/2014)
Comments
Obtaining sedatives in Bengal jails is child's play, jail insiders told HT on Friday even as the city kept wondering how a high profile prisoner lodged in a high-security cell in a central jail could procure a large number of sedatives to attempt suicide in a cell guarded by two sentries round the clock.
Ghosh was lodged in a specially guarded cell in Presidency central jail under the cell- block known as 'Poila Baish' (number 1 to 22). His neighbours included top Maoist leaders, terror accused and gangsters.
"Getting your hand on sedatives is easy at a place from where android phones, alcohol and heroin are freely available for a price. This is despite how highly guarded one cell is," said a source inside Presidency central jail.
His cell was raided by jail authorities on Thursday evening and thoroughly searched, which further infuriated him. The jail officers, however, could not find anything to raise suspicion. Hours later, Ghosh had a large number of sleeping pills and lay on the floor alerting the sentries.
Ghosh, according to sources, was used to medications for different ailments he suffered including sleeplessness. In fact, according to insiders, he was seen not being able to sleep at night for the past two days. Insiders, some of whom talked with him, said he was visibly frustrated.
Some of the sleeping pills he had were prescribed and given by a jail doctor who regularly monitored him, but the bulk, sources said, he got from'other sources' available behind bars.
Jail authorities posted two sentries near the gate of his cell since Monday, when he declared that within three days he would commit suicide if 'the real culprits' were not arrested. The jail doctor too made rounds of his cell. 
"Despite all the heightened security he was able to get his hands on the sleeping pills easily. There is a system inside the jail which allows an inmate to get what he wants," said a jail officer.
Sedatives and psychotropic drugs are among the items in high demand and freely available behind bars. Many inmates are addicted to them. A strip of such pills is available for Rs. 50 to Rs. 100 extra behind bars.
From writers (inmates who work in the jail office), to wardens and common inmates get these medicines from outside or sometimes they are channeled from jail hospital itself. These are sold to inmates who use these regularly.
A network of prisoners and guards operate in all central jails including Presidency, which makes it easy for inmates to get their hands on high-end cell phones to heroine. Even high security inmates use android phones from behind bars, connecting even internationally, even to online chat using Skype, V-chat, Viber, Tango and other applications. Whatsapp and Facebook are also common.
Android phones are easily obtained at Rs. 1500 extra and SIM cards are available at Rs. 150 to Rs. 200. One can also get their hands on specially cooked food, alcohol, narcotics of one's choice at a marginal premium rate.
Roaring business of such items goes on behind bars and inmates just contact a group and the 'goods' are delivered at the cell or at the ward.

Chhattishgarh deaths: Rat poison chemical found in pillsComments
Antibiotics tainted with a chemical used in rat poison may have caused the death of 13 women at a government sterilization camp in Chhattisgarh this week, officials suggested Friday after preliminary testing of the drugs.
Women who underwent botched sterilisation surgeries at a government mass sterilisation 'camp' receive treatment at a district hospital in Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh. (Reuters Photo)
An analysis of the antibiotic tablet Ciprofloxacin 500 revealed the medicine was adulterated with zinc phosphide, a chemical used in rat poison.
The drug had been seized from Raipur-based pharmaceutical company Mahawar Pharma on Thursday and has been sent for further tests.
Officials said a significant quantity of burnt medicines was found on the premises.
The symptoms shown by the women who became unwell after undergoing botched sterilizations is similar to how the body reacts to zinc phosphide, doctors in Bilaspur said.
After the surgery, the women had complained of nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain. The 13 died of cardiac arrest, kidney failure and respiratory breakdown. “Such a chemical results in high mortality,” health officials stated.
“We have conducted raids across the state and seized over 43 lakh similar tablets prepared by Mahawar Pharma,” Bilaspur commissioner Sonmoni Borah told HT.
Mahawar Pharma director Ramesh Mahawar and his son Sumit were arrested by Raipur police on Friday.

Swachh Bharat must pass through thickets of ...Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan must pass through thickets of reform
By Arvind Panagariya,  | 15 Nov, 2014, 11.42AM IST
0
Share More
The campaign faces formidable financial and implementation challenges. Financially , the government will easily need 2-3% of GDP annually till the target date.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Of the numerous initiatives that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan, which would give Mahatma Gandhi the gift of a clean India on his 150th birth anniversary on October 2, 2019, has the greatest potential to transform the lives of all Indians - rich and poor. Sanitation has been the theme of virtually every government in recent times. Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi had launched the Central Rural Sanitation Programme in 1986 and Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee the Complete Sanitation Campaign in 1999. But no previous government has shown the resolve and commitment exhibited by Modi. This time it feels real.
Till date, sweeping streets and ending open defecation have occupied media centre stage. But equally critical to Swachh Bharat are access to piped water; well-functioning drainage, sewage and solid waste management in all cities and villages; elimination of ponds in which stagnant water collects and serves as host to bacteria and mosquitoes; instilling greater appreciation of cleanliness in all its aspects among the masses. Indeed, taking the campaign to its logical conclusion would require replacing slums with more spacious housing having piped water delivery and modern sewage facilities.
The campaign faces formidable financial and implementation challenges. Financially , the government will easily need 2-3% of GDP annually till the target date. There are only four avenues to mobilising such vast resources: increases in revenues made possible by accelerated growth; cuts in middle-class subsidies such as for cooking gas; elimination of enormous leakages in the myriad social schemes by replacing them with cash transfers; and accelerated disinvestment including outright privatisation. All roads to Swachh Bharat pass through the thicket of reforms.
Ending open defecation requires multiplication of toilets at mega speed while also persuading households to actually use them. The latter has proved a challenge not just because old habits die hard but also because often the toilets we provide are not nice places to visit.
Mahatma Gandhi got it precisely right when he wrote in 1925, "I learnt 35 years ago that a lavatory must be as clean as a drawing room. I learnt this in the West. I believe that many rules about cleanliness in lavatories are observed more scrupulously in the West than in the East." Having experienced not-so-swachh toilets as well as open defecation during childhood visits to my ancestral village and the town next door, i fully appreciate why many prefer to go for open despite access to a toilet.
Educating citizens on the hazards of open defecation is not enough; we must also build toilets that do not repel. Unfortunately that would require larger expenditure per toilet and reliable supply of water in homes.
Pursuit of Swachh Bharat also requires strengthening public health services. Services such as good drainage systems, absence of swamps and ponds that are home to stagnant water, and the supply of safe drinking water - all of which reduce exposure to and spread of diseases - are classic examples of public goods and require effective government intervention. Yet, as even a casual visit to any city or village makes obvious, drainage systems and general standards of hygiene in India remain poor. A bout of mon soon rains is often enough to clog the drains and create swampy conditions conducive to quick spread of communicable diseases.
As sociologist Monica Das Gupta and co-authors point out, this situation is to be substantially attributed to the merger of medical and public health departments in all states except Tamil Nadu in the immediate post-Independence era. These authors note that the merger "opened the way for the public health services to be gradually eclipsed by the medical services, which attract far more political and public attention". Only Tamil Nadu kept an independent public health department, which has allowed it to supply generally superior public health services.
Swachh Bharat would do well to encourage each state to restart a separate public health department, accountable for the delivery of public health services.The department should have an independent budget and the charge of public health engineering services that are critical to managing subsoil water drainage to control vector breeding, safe disposal of solid waste, water supply and sewage.
As a final thought, let me state that it is of utmost importance that Modi sustains the public awareness campaign at the high level he has begun until the objective is achieved. Through speeches and commercials on television and radio, he must continually exhort citizens to change their habits. He must also cajole state chief ministers, prominent politicians from all parties and film and sports stars to do the same.
All TV channels must be encouraged to broadcast programmes featuring experts from medical and related fields who can credibly explain the damage that poor personal hygiene, littering and open defecation do to the health of all citizens.Rural folk must also be made aware of the health hazard posed by cohabitation with livestock, which naturally defecates in the open.
If we wage this campaign on a war footing as we once did to eradicate polio, we can surely make the 150th birthday of the Mahatma a memorable day for every citizen of India.
The writer is professor of Indian political economy at Columbia University.

G20 Summit Live: Reforms must be people-driven  says PM Narendra ModiComments
As he seeks to accelerate his economic reform drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said reform process is bound to face resistance and wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms, Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a Retreat that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
"Reform is bound to face resistance...must be insulated from political pressures," said Modi.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by "stealth".
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Modi felt that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that governance methods must be reformed.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the prime minister said it must be technology driven and must have scale and address root causes.
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters on Friday that Prime Minister Abbott had specially requested Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.
Live Blog Prime Minister Narendra Modi at G20 Summit
 

Obama renews commitment to Asia-Pacific pivotAustralia
("No one should ever question…)
BRISBANE: President Barack Obama sought on Saturday to reassure Asia-Pacific allies about Washington's strategic shift toward the region as he sent a veiled message to a rising China with a vow to "deepen our engagement using every element of our power".
Speaking in Australia on the final stop of a three-country regional tour, Obama insisted that Asia's security order must not be based on "coercion or intimidation ... where big nations bully the small, but on alliances for mutual security".
Although Obama did not explicitly point the finger at China, there was little doubt that he was alluding to Beijing's maritime disputes with its neighbours and growing concern in the region about its military build-up.
"No one should ever question our resolve or our commitments to our allies," Obama said in a policy speech at Queensland University in Brisbane, where he is attending a G20 summit.
Obama, who visited Beijing for an Asia-Pacific summit this week and held talks with President Xi Jinping , sought to show renewed resolve for the US "pivot" to the region, involving military, diplomatic and economic assets. The policy is widely seen as intended to counter China's rising influence.
But many in Asia are looking for further proof that the policy is real, with Obama's agenda dominated by crises ranging from Ukraine , Islamic State and Ebola.
"Day in, day out, steadily, deliberately, we will continue to deepen our engagement using every element of our power -diplomacy, military, economic, development," Obama said.
While reiterating the position that Washington welcomes the rise of a peaceful, stable, prosperous China, he said Beijing must prove itself to be a "responsible actor" and "adhere to the same rules as other nations, whether in trade or on the seas."
"China will inevitably play a critical role in the future of this region, and the question is what kind of role will it play?" Obama told a crowd of about 1,500 students and faculty.
Obama promised continued efforts to enhance security ties with countries as disparate as longtime close ally Japan and former foe Vietnam , both of which are locked in standoffs with Beijing over claims in the East and South China Seas. But he put forth no new security initiatives.
But even as Obama hailed the region's "dynamism," he warned of potential threats.
"We see dangers that could undermine this progress," he said, citing North Korea's nuclear and missile programmes, disputes over territory that threaten to spiral into confrontation and the failure to uphold universal human rights.
His pledge to continue to stand up for human rights in the region appeared to be a nod to rights groups that have criticized the pivot for focusing on security and economics but neglecting issues like democratic freedoms.
In his speech, he singled out pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong, saying the people there were "speaking out for their universal rights" - a comment likely to irk the Chinese government. Xi made clear at his joint news conference with Obama that Hong Kong was China's affair alone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sachin Tendulkar: Last test  last showSachin Tendulkar's speech will rank one of the best farewell speeches by a sportsperson
Boria Majumdar, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Ajit Tendulkar
(A few thousand fans were…)
It was November 16, 2013. Unbeaten on an overnight 38 against the West Indies, Sachin Tendulkar set the Wankhede alight with some breathtaking shots first thing that Saturday morning. A trademark straight drive for four to bring up his fifty, the 'Sachin! Sachin!' chants were going through the roof in the nearpacked stadium. 'Can he get that elusive hundred in his last innings?' was the only question doing the rounds.
He couldn't. But what he did was no less. Vintage batsmanship to finish off, he had given his fans something they will cherish. The walk back to the pavilion for one final time, the turnaround to absorb the applause, the tears that flowed the next day and that incredible farewell speech....
The speech, which spanned a good 20 minutes, will rank as one of the best farewell speeches by a sportsperson. Meeting Sourav on the way out, greeting Rahul and Laxman and bidding a final goodbye to his fans, it was the perfect swansong for the best batsman ever.
I had the opportunity of meeting Sachin in the evening of the day it all came to an end. By then he was a Bharat Ratna. It was at Mumbai's Taj Mahal Hotel and the legend was all relaxed while people all around him were getting emotional. I remember asking him how could he be so calm. "I have shed enough tears at the ground. It had to come to an end one day. I have had a fantastic innings and have no regrets."
Ajit Tendulkar , his brother and much more, was there when we met up in his room in the early evening. Sachin presented me with a box of dark chocolates, signed the match ticket and asked us to sip champagne to mark the end of what had been an incredible journey. He was still playing the perfect host.
Anjali, Sachin's wife and partner, generally calm and composed, wasn't able to control her emotions. Having supported Sachin and having sacrificed her own career in the process, she must have felt a sense of void. It was the perfect send-off. But it was the end.
Once I walked down to the hotel lobby and then outside, the high emotional chord was palpable. A few thousand fans were still waiting to catch a final glimpse of the master as he made his way home, his final time as an Indian cricketer . While for some the charm of watching the game had been reduced, for others it was the end of a habit lasting a good two-and-a-half decades.
It was a retirement like no other. And for the sport itself it was a moment of reckoning. Indian cricket's greatest icon was walking away from the 22-yard strip and that had left the sport poorer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

When mom was a distraction for Sachin TendulkarYou are here: Home > Collections
When mom was a distraction for Sachin Tendulkar
Nov 15, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
emotional
(I got very emotional. I…)
It was during the last over of the first day's play that my mother was shown on the stadium's giant screen for the first time. As soon as I saw her face I got very emotional . I now had to deal with two very difficult challenges protecting my wicket and controlling my emotions. I took my time to settle down before taking guard again.
In hindsight, I'm not sure it was such a good idea to show my mother on the screen with just one over to go for the day. The broadcasters could have shown her on television but to show her in the stadium when I was doing my best to survive the day was perhaps inappropriate. I understand that they were trying their best to make the occasion memorable but this one thing could perhaps been done differently. One after the other, they kept showing my family members on the screen, much to the delight of the huge crowd.
It all made it very difficult to concentrate and I had to keep telling myself that I needed to shut out everything that was happening around me. On this day of all days I wanted to give it my absolute best. happily, I managed to survive the day and I was unbeaten on 38.

Sachin wanted to write his story in his words: Indrajit HazraGreg Chappell
(I have been writing on Sachin…)
Boria Majumdar is Ganesha to Sachin's Vyasa. The sports historian, journalist and ET contributor spoke to Indrajit Hazra about what Playing It My Way is and isn't. Excerpts from the interview:
How did you gather the material?
I have been writing on Sachin for close to 15 years now. But we started work on the book in mid-2011 after the World Cup win. We had extensive discussions and interviews on every theme we wanted to write about and went through the chapters together.
For a sportsperson who's notoriously private, isn't an autobiography a contradiction of sorts? Was opting for an autobiography, rather than a biography a marketing strategy?
Absolutely not. Sachin wanted to write his story in his words. The market was never a consideration. The consideration was simple: to share his story in the most honest manner in his own words. It is Sachin speaking to his fans, no more and no less.
Beyond the noise made about the Greg Chappell and the less detailed Kapil Dev episodes, Playing It My Way is more 'Sunil Gavaskar' than 'Viv Richards'. Were there any incidents you wanted Sachin to elucidate more about which he decided not to?
You think so? I actually don't. Read the sections on captaincy, team selection, Multan declaration, Monkeygate and the like. For me it is a combination of 'Gavaskar' and 'Richards'. I'd have wanted a little more on his children but I understand his compulsions.
Were there anything from Sachin that came as a surprise to you?
Sure. I did not know about the entire Greg Chappell saga, the injuries and pain he suffered right through his career, the Gilmore's groin operations etc weren't something I knew about.
Collaborating on an autobiography is about capturing the person as he wants himself to be captured. Was this something that you had to train yourself to do?
Absolutely. It was important I shut myself up in a zone. The book had to be Sachin speaking to his readers, not Boria Majumdar writing an academic tome. Had I done so it would not have been Sachin's autobiography and his fans would never have accepted it.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba Open to Working With PayPalYou are here: Home Corporates
Alibaba Open to Working With PayPal
Reuters | Updated On: November 12, 2014 09:26 (IST)
SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd is open to working with eBay Inc's PayPal to expand its payment options, Bloomberg reported, citing an interview with the Chinese e-commerce company's vice chairman.
"If you look at our footprint of being the largest online payment company in China, and PayPal's position of having a very good international position, not just in the US but also in some other countries, these are some complementary footprints," Joseph Tsai said Monday in Hangzhou, China.
Alibaba reported more than $9 billion in sales on China's Singles' Day on Tuesday.
The company also sees Apple Inc's payment system as helping Chinese consumers when Alibaba's financial services arm, Alipay, is not accepted, Tsai said.
In September eBay said it would spin off PayPal into a publicly traded company in the second half of 2015.
Alibaba and eBay could not immediately be reached for comment.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Cognizant Acquires Digital Solutions Firm OdeceeYou are here: Home Corporates
Cognizant Acquires Digital Solutions Firm in Australia
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 12, 2014 14:22 (IST)
SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
New York/New Delhi: IT services major Cognizant has acquired enterprise mobility, web and cloud solutions firm, Odecee, for an undisclosed amount.
"This acquisition further strengthens Cognizant's digital business transformation expertise and expands its portfolio of tools and services to help clients create digital enterprises that capitalise on new business models, drive innovative products and services, enhance workforce productivity, and improve customer experience," Cognizant said in a statement.
As part of the acquisition, about 150 digital specialists with expertise across enterprise mobile, web and cloud services will join Cognizant, it added.
Founded in 2007, Odecee operates in Australia and New Zealand, offering services to marquee clients in the financial services, insurance, healthcare, logistics and communications sectors.
This acquisition also brings to Cognizant intellectual property like Velocedee, a platform that helps centralise highly secure mobile applications and enables rapid implementation of core business processes across a wide range of mobile devices.
"This strategic acquisition underscores our commitment to the local market and our focus on strengthening our digital capabilities," Cognizant regional head (Australia and New Zealand) John Burgin said.
Story first published on: November 12, 2014 14:21 (IST)

Why Gold Consumption in India Has Gone UpYou are here: Home Industries
Why Gold Consumption in India Has Gone Up
NDTV | Written By: Ramarko Sengupta | Updated On: November 13, 2014 13:27 (IST)
Oil Ministry May Dip Into Reliance Industries Incremental Gas Price Hike Revenue Account
India's appetite for gold went up significantly in the July-September quarter, even as global demand for the precious metal fell to its lowest in nearly five years.
Gold demand rose 39 per cent to 225.1 tonne during the quarter, according to industry body, World Gold Council. In China, the other major buyer of gold, demand fell 37 per cent during the period on a year-on-year basis.
Here's why India is buying more gold:
1) Jewellery demand in the country went up by 60 per cent during the quarter, even as investment demand fell 10 per cent. Investment demand fell on softening prices and weak price outlook. "Price premiums in India declined sharply after supply pressures loosened as the RBI permitted trading houses to import gold again," the World Gold Council said.
2) Soon after the Narendra Modi-government was formed, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in May eased some import norms like allowing star trading houses and premium trading houses to import gold, who had been banned from doing so in 2013, to combat trade deficit. This led to an increase in supply in the domestic market, lowering prices in the process.
3) Softening of gold prices in rupee terms during the period also helped consumer sentiment, World Gold Council noted in its 'Gold Demand Trends' report.
4) The onset of the wedding season and festivals like Akshaya Tritiya, Dhanteras propelled the surge in gold demand during the quarter. Gold is considered an auspicious gift during festivals and forms an integral part of wedding jewellery. Wedding-related purchases were steady, notably among high-end retailers, the industry body said.
5) During the same quarter last year gold consumption was hit by curbs on imports. India had raised gold import duty to a record 10 per cent and made it mandatory to export one-fifth of all imports, in a bid to curtail high trade deficit.
(With inputs from Reuters)
Story first published on: November 13, 2014 13:06 (IST)

India-Origin Man  32  Now Envy of Wall StreetBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Wall Street's most famous firm Goldman Sachs has promoted Kunal Shah, 32, to the coveted role of 'Partner'. The Indian-origin executive, who is currently a managing director at Goldman, is the youngest in the investment giant's most coveted club.
Goldman now has 467 partners, an elite group, representing about 1.6 per cent of its 33,500-strong workforce. The position of Partner brings with it some of the biggest Wall Street perks including a lucrative paycheck with salaries of about $900,000 and a portion of the bank's bonus pool which is divided up among only the partners. The Partners also have access to special investment opportunities that are not available to other employees.
However, the record for becoming the youngest Goldman Sachs Partner is held by Eric Mindich who was promoted in 1994 at the age of 27.
Mr Shah is among the 78 individuals to be promoted to this position, and is one of the five persons of Indian-origin to have made the cut in Goldman Sachs in 2014 class of Partners. Goldman Sachs selects its partners every two years through an extremely secretive and rigorous months-long selection process.
Mr Shah was promoted to managing director at the investment banking giant at the age of 27. The Cambridge University math graduate was also named in Forbes '30 under 30' Finance list in 2011.
He has been a rising star at Goldman since he joined the company in London in 2004, analysing interest rate products, before trading on the global macro desk, according to Forbes.
The other persons of Indian-origin named to the firm's elite group are Meena Lakdawala Flynn, Manikandan Natarajan, Umesh Subramanian and Rajesh Venkataramani.
"These appointments recognise some of the firm's most senior professionals and acknowledge their embodiment of our culture and values, and their leadership of the firm's business and people," Goldman Sachs Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein said in a statement. "We look forward to their continued strong performance and leadership in the years ahead."
The 2014 class of Partners includes 11 women, 23 employees from investment banking, 25 from securities, 11 from investment management, four from merchant banking and three from research.
They will become Partners of the firm starting January 1 next year.
Story first published on: November 13, 2014 12:44 (IST)

India to See Stable Growth; Reforms Key: OECDRBI to Ease Rates by 0.5 Per Cent in 2015, First Cut Likely in February: Morgan Stanley
Nay Pyi Taw: Indian economy is expected to see an average growth of 6.7 per cent over the 2015-19 period and a further boost would depend on reform plans of the government, says a report.
However, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) on Thursday also said India and China face significant challenges.
"India's growth should remain stable at 6.7 per cent, before any potential boost from the new government's reform plans," the report, released at the ASEAN Business and Investment Summit said.
"Emerging Asia" is set for healthy growth over the medium term even as outlook for many OECD countries remains subdued, as per the grouping's latest economic outlook report for Southeast Asia, China and India.
"India's growth should be stable over 2015-19, but the prospects could change depending on the implementation of reforms by the new Modi government," the report said.
These plans include promoting domestic and foreign investments, creating jobs, improving food security, raising standards of education and skills development, building new infrastructure, enhancing water governance and increasing the country's overall competitiveness, particularly in the manufacturing sector, it added.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi-led government came to power in May after a thumping victory in the general elections.
In October, the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank projected 5.6 per cent growth rate for India this year, citing renewed confidence in the market due to a series of economic reforms pursued by the new government.
Meanwhile, OECD in its report said that annual GDP growth for the ASEAN -10, China and India is forecast to average 6.5 per cent over 2015-19.
"Growth momentum remains robust in the 10 ASEAN countries, with economic growth averaging 5.6 per cent over 2015-19," it noted.
The members of ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) are Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam, Brunei Darussalam, Singapore, Cambodia, Lao PDR and Myanmar.
However, the report said that China's growth is expected to slow down to 6.8 per cent over 2015-19 period.
It also noted that public sector reforms have made substantial progress in Southeast Asia, China and India. Paris-based OECD is a grouping of about 34 countries.
Story first published on: November 13, 2014 19:55 (IST)

Wal-Mart s US Same-Store Sales Show First Growth in 7 QuartersWal-Mart Stores Inc reported a higher-than-expected profit as comparable sales at its US stores rose for the first time in seven quarters, helped by its small-format 'Neighborhood Market' stores and higher prices.
Wal-Mart's shares rose 2.2 per cent in premarket trading.
The world's largest retailer said overall US same-store sales rose 0.5 per cent in the third quarter.
Wal-Mart has been facing sluggish sales in the United States as its core low-income customers struggle with stagnant wage growth and higher taxes. A cut in government food stamp benefits has also reduced their spending power.
The company cut the top end of its full-year forecast for earnings from continuing operations to $5.02 per share from $5.15. It raised the lower end by 2 cents to $4.92.
The company said its forecast took into account higher health-care costs for its US employees, investments in e-commerce and a highly promotional holiday season.
Net profit attributable to Wal-Mart fell marginally to $3.71 billion, or $1.15 per share, for the quarter ended October 31, from $3.74 billion, or $1.14 per share, a year earlier.
Total revenue rose to $119 billion from $115.7 billion.
Same-store sales at its Neighborhood Market stores rose about 5.5 per cent.
Analysts on average were expecting earnings of $1.12 per share on revenue of $118.32 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

BHEL Reports Q2 Profit of Rs 125 Crore  Misses EstimatesYou are here: Home Corporates
BHEL Reports Q2 Profit of Rs 125 Crore, Misses Estimates
NDTV | Updated On: November 14, 2014 13:03 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Bharat Heavy Electricals (Bhel) shares fell over 4 per cent on Friday after the state-run manufacturer of electrical and power equipment reported lower-than-expected profits in the September quarter.
Bhel's net profit slumped to Rs 125 crore as compared to Rs 456 crore in the corresponding quarter last year, while sales were down to Rs 6,027 crore as compared to Rs 8,819 crore in the year ago period.
Analysts polled by NDTV had expected Bhel to report a profit of Rs. 395 crore on revenues of Rs. 7,647 crore.
Profit miss was largely on account of sharp dip in other income, which fell to Rs 196 crore against Rs 498 crore in the year ago period, analysts said.
As of 1 p.m., Bhel shares traded 2.3 per cent lower at Rs 242.15 and underperformed the broader capital goods sub-index on the BSE, which was down 0.44 per cent.
 

United Spirits Posts Loss of Rs 27.83 Crore in Q2You are here: Home Corporates
United Spirits Posts Loss of Rs 27.83 Crore in Q2
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 14, 2014 14:43 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: United Spirits Ltd on Friday reported a standalone net loss of Rs 27.83 crore for the quarter ended September 2014.
The spirits major had posted a net profit of Rs 94.27 crore for the corresponding period a year ago, it said in a filing to the BSE.
Standalone total income from operations stood at Rs 2,178.58 crore for the quarter under consideration as against Rs 2,011.54 crore for the same period year ago, it added.
As of 2:19 p.m., shares in USL were trading at Rs 2719.10 apiece on the BSE, up 0.77 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: November 14, 2014 14:39 (IST)

Morgan Stanley sees GDP growth at 6.3% in 2015Morgan Stanley sees India GDP growth at 6.3 per cent in 2015
PTI     Singapore   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 17:32 IST
(Photo for representation only. Source: Reuters)
The country's gross domestic product is expected to grow by 6.3 per cent in 2015, registering the fastest economic expansion among Asian countries, according to Morgan Stanley forecasts of global economies.
The rupee-dollar exchange rate would be at Rs 62.2 by end of 2015 compared to Rs 62 in October-December period, according to a presentation made at the Morgan Stanley's Annual Asia Pacific Summit held in Singapore from November 12-14.
The exchange rate is seen at Rs 62.5 in the first half of 2015 and at Rs 62.3 in the July-september period of 2015.
Comparative to other Asian GDP growths, the domestic economy would have the fastest expansion, Morgan Stanley said in its report.
The country's GDP is expected to grow by 6.3 per cent in 2015, up from 5.3 in 2014, the report said.
"We are constructive on the INR from the outlook perspective," Chetan Ahya, Morgan Stanley's Chief Asia Economist, told PTI.
Strong capital inflows and the sub-2 per cent current account deficit would add upward pressure on the domestic currency. Reforms are providing confidence in the economic growth of the country, the financial services major said in its report.
The government's policy action to improve business environment and lower oil prices are among the factors supporting the GDP growth , Ahya said.
Structural reforms related to land, labour and tax would support the economy's growth in the coming years. Any disruption to execution and delivery of reforms as well as a slowdown in exports would be a risk, the economist pointed out.
On imports, the lower oil prices have been helpful and supporting the economic growth. Oil imports were down at 4 per cent of the GDP now from 6 per cent in 2012.
"It is obviously helping the recovery process," Ahya said.
Meanwhile, Morgan Stanley has forecast a sub-par global growth at 3.5 per cent in 2015, up nominally from 3.1 per cent in 2014. Among Asian economies, China's GDP is forecast to contract to 7.1 per cent in 2015 from 7.3 per cent in 2014.
Excluding Japan's GDP, the financial services firm says, Asian GDP would grow to 6.3 per cent in 2015, up marginally from 6 per cent in 2014. Japan's GDP growth would be stagnant at 0.8 per cent in 2014 and 2015.
Around 1,700 delegates including representatives of 300 global corporations are attending the Annual Asia Pacific Summit.

Rupee falls to 1-mth low on dollar demandRupee falls to 1-mth low on dollar demand
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 18:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The Indian rupee on Friday fell for the second day and depreciated by 17 paise to end at nearly one-month low of 61.72 against the greenback on sustained dollar demand even as local stock indices surged to new highs.
The rupee resumed lower at 61.61 per dollar as against the Thursday's closing level of 61.55 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) Market.
Later, it slipped further to 61.83, before concluding the day at 61.72 per dollar, reporting a loss of 17 paise or 0.28 per cent. This is its lowest close since ending at 61.83 per dollar on October 16, 2014.
Today, it moved in a range of 61.60 per dollar and 61.83 per dollar during the session.
"Rupee depreciated sharply in last hour of the trade marching towards 62 after breaking 61.75. USD index also inched higher suggesting strength in USD against major world currencies. Most Asian currencies remained weak against USD," said Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities.
In New York market, the pound continued to move lower against the dollar during the North American trading day on Thursday, reaching its lowest level since September 9.
The US dollar rose higher against its major rivals.
It ruled at a fresh seven-year high against Japanese yen, bolstered by rising Japanese equities.
The dollex index was quoting higher by 0.22 per cent against major currencies in the global market.
Meanwhile, the Indian benchmark Sensex rose by 106.02 points, or 0.38 per cent, to all-time closing high of 28,046.66 on fresh buying in select counters due to fall in inflation.

HDFC Bank s Proposal to Hike Foreign Holding Cleared by FIPB: ReportSBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
New Delhi: The Foreign Investor Promotion Board on Friday cleared the long-pending proposal of HDFC Bank to hike foreign holding in the lender to 74 per cent.
"FIPB today considered and approved HDFC Bank's proposal to raise foreign investment ceiling to 74 per cent," officials said after the meeting of the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
The investment board is of the view that HDFC Bank parent HDFC Ltd's 22 per cent holding in the lender is FDI and hence total foreign holding is 73.39 per cent, which includes FII, FDI, ADR and GDR.
"So the bank has little headroom to raise funds from foreign investors," the official said.
Late last year, HDFC Bank had approached FIPB for increasing foreign holding in it to 67.55 per cent from 49 per cent. However, the proposal was not cleared by FIPB as the Finance and Industry ministry was of the view that the parent HDFC's 22 per cent holding in the bank was FDI.
Taking into consideration the 22 per cent parent holding as FDI, the total foreign holding was more than 67.55 per cent when they approached FIPB for the first time.
Following clarification sought by FIPB earlier this year HDFC Bank sent a revised proposal raising its foreign holding ceiling request to 74 per cent, from its earlier proposal of 67.55 per cent.
Further, the proposal of pharma company Sanofi was cleared by FIPB in Friday's meeting along with Punj Llyod's proposal to enter into the defence space.
Story first published on: November 14, 2014 16:17 (IST)

Two car bombs kill at least 17  injure 57 in Iraq: OfficialsPicture for representation. (Source: AP photo)
By: Agence-France Presse | Baghdad | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:42 am
Car bomb blasts in two northern Baghdad neighbourhoods killed at least 17 people and wounded at least 57 today, medical and security sources said.
One explosion went off near the Tigris River in the Graiat area, killing at least seven people. The other struck near a restaurant in the Adhamiyah district, killing 10, they said.
There was no immediate claim for the attacks but the Islamic State (IS) jihadist group has claimed much of the recent violence to hit the Iraqi capital and elsewhere in the country.
Baghdad is hit by near-daily bombings and shootings that kill hundreds of people each month.
And security forces, despite being deployed at checkpoints and other positions across the city, are consistently unable to prevent the attacks.
The violence comes as Iraqi security forces and pro-government fighters battle to push back IS, which has seized significant territory since June.
They are now backed by US-led air strikes targeting IS in both Iraq and neighbouring Syria, while Washington and other governments have also pledged training personnel to aid Iraqi forces.

Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a priority  says PM Narendra ModiFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today unequivocally said that repatriation of black money kept abroad is a “priority” for his government, as he sought close global coordination to achieve this objective.
Raising the black money issue at an informal meeting of leaders of the five-nation BRICS bloc, Modi set the tone on this key issue ahead of the G20 summit in the wake of his commitment to bring back every penny of black money stashed abroad.
“Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a key priority for us,” Modi told the BRICS leaders.
Calling for close coordination on the issue of black money kept abroad, Modi also said this unaccounted money is also linked to security challenges.
As India makes attempts to retrieve the black money, the Prime Minister has already made it clear that close cooperation to retrieve the black money from abroad is a key issue for him.
The G20 host Australia yesterday vowed a “very aggressive” crackdown on tax avoidance. India is also seeking strong action by the Group of 20 industrialised and emerging economies against tax havens.
“A key issue for me would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money,” Modi had said, as he is set to renew the country’s commitment at the G20 summit to a global response to deal with cross border tax avoidance and evasion.
India is also expected to urge the G20 to pressure tax havens into revealing more information on black money from India to help retrieve this illegal money.
Besides Modi, Chinese President Xi Jinping, Russian President Vladimir Putin, South African President Jacob Zuma and Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, were the other leaders who took part in the informal interaction.
TAGS: Black Money G20 Summit Narendra Modi
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Atletico de Kolkata  Chennaiyin FC play out 0-0 draw at Salt Lake StadiumBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:39 am
Atletico de Kolkata played out a goal-less draw against Chennaiyin FC in a high-intensity Indian Super League fixture on Friday to maintain their top spot. Watched by a starry Bollywood gathering of Bachchan father-son duo and Deepika Padukone, the match had all the ingredients of an eventful contest, including an 11-minute interruption thanks to a familiar power outage at the Yuva Bharati Krirangan.
But a goal eluded both the teams and ATK would consider themselves unlucky after their star striker Fikru Teferra fluffed an easy chance while marquee player and captain Luis Garcia’s free-kick hit the crosspiece.
Even Chennaiyin FC very nearly went one-up in the 80th minute when Balwant Singh scored using a Jean-Eudes Maurice cross. But the Indian striker’s deflection of his hands was spotted by referee Pratap Singh, who disallowed the goal.
Chennaiyin’s star Brazilian forward Elano Blumer also had a lacklustre day, missing some easy opportunities while his clinical freekicks too eluded him a goal. Both teams refused to play second fiddle in the top of the table clash but it was ATK who had the best opportunity with Fikru firing it wide of the post.
In a 21st minute move, a full charged-up ATK dished out some amazing interplay between Garcia, Nato and Fikru who found himself in front of an open goal. But the Ethiopian let the team down firing it wide of the post in the best chance of the first-half. If Fikru’s shot broke the hearts of the 45,000-odd crowd in the first-half, former Liverpool star Luis Garcia hit the crossbar after a powerful curling left-footer on the edge of the box in the 62nd minute.
The Spaniard sent the ball curling towards the right top corner but the framework denied him as ATK had to settle for one point to retain their lead over the Chennai side on top of the table by virtue of goal difference.
ATK made a couple of changes to their line up as their influential playmaker Jofre, who was suspended for their last match, returned in place of Kingshuk Debnath while Lester Fernandez replaced Cavin Lobo. In their battle for the top spot, Chennaiyin FC also made two changes, bringing in Eric Djemba-Djemba and Dane Pereira for Bojan Djordjic and Denson Devdas.
After the match Chennaiyin FC assistant coach Vivek Nagul said two more wins may be enough for his side to book a semi-final berth.
“Two wins would really secure a place. If a couple of games can be won by us or by Kolkata it could secure a place,” Nagul told reporters.
He said that ATK deserved three points today. “We missed our two central defenders but our performance deserved the one point. continued…

Centre makes a U-turn on taxability of cardiscountsThe government seemed to address carmakers’ concerns as it changed the rules in June to give relief to Fiat India, which lost a tax dispute in the Supreme Court. (Reuters)
Posted: November 15, 2014 11:41 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 12:00 pm
Even as the year-end discounts on car sales are being rolled back, auto majors are a worried lot as the taxman is pressing extra excise duty demands for vehicles sold at a discount.
The government seemed to address carmakers’ concerns as it changed the rules in June to give relief to Fiat India, which lost a tax dispute in the Supreme Court, and to a host of other companies that received extra excise duty demands on the discounts given to consumers. However, showing signs of ambivalence, it has now turned heat on Maruti Suzuki India by slapping a s Rs 240-crore tax demand on it on a somewhat similar ground.
The difference between the Maruti and Fiat cases is that the tax department claims that a part of the discounts offered in Maruti case was recovered by the dealers from the consumer by way of ‘handling charges’, while the impression of the discount has helped Maruti to boost sales.
Such boost in sales or market penetration is a consideration flowing from the consumer to the producer, the value of which is taxable, says the excise department that sought to add Rs 1,570 crore to Maruti’s sales revenue from its Gurgaon plant on which 12% excise duty
is applicable.
The Custom Excise & Service Tax Appellate Tribunal (CESTAT) in Delhi on October 15 ordered Maruti to make a pre-deposit of R150 crore and stayed the realisation of the balance amount till the case is settled.
“In light of this CESTAT decision, companies may need to take a re-look at their discount schemes to entirely rule out the possibility of any flow back of taxable consideration to their (excise) assessable value,” said Saloni Roy, senior director, Deloitte India.
Sources in Maruti India declined to comment, saying last month’s tribunal ruling was an interim order and that the matter was still sub judice.
The Fiat India row that the government won in the apex court allowed it to tax discounts given to consumers in cases where the sale price is below the production cost plus profits, saying market penetration was a taxable consideration flowing from the buyer to the seller.
To calm investors and to protect the declining manufacturing activities, the finance ministry in January clarified that the apex court ruling cannot be blindly applied to every case of discount sale. In July, the Modi government amended the Central Excise Valuation Rules of 2000 to specify that if there is no additional consideration flowing directly or indirectly “from the buyer to the seller” when goods are sold below cost price, then the declared discounted sale price has to be accepted as the continued…

LKG student molested in Kozhikode  senior studentsarrestedPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 15, 2014 11:33 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 4:41 am
Two high school students, both minors, were arrested on charges of molesting an LKG student in Kozhikode rural district on Saturday.
The victim and the alleged accused belong to the same school Darul Huda English Medium School. The arrested were inmates of a destitute-cum-religious house run by the school management.
Police had registered the case on November 11 and the girl had told the parents that she was abused by students of the same school.
Last three days witnessed tense moments at Parakkadavu after the police tried to fix the blame on a crew member of the school bus allegedly under duress from the school management. It was alleged that one of the alleged accused belonged to the family of a member in the school management. Police had even announced that the bus crew was the culprit, but he had to be released on Friday evening as there were chinks in the charges against him.
According to the complaint from the student’s parent, the alleged incident was on October 30.While entering into the urinal at the school, she was nabbed by the senior students, who molested her.
The incident was came to known only later after the girl was admitted to a hospital.
The case has been registered under section 376 of IPC and provisions under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act.

Comet probe sends last-gasp data from alien ...Triumphant comet probe sends last-gasp data from 'alien world'
By AFP | 15 Nov, 2014, 12.09PM IST
0
Share More
Data streamed in as soon as Europe's pioneering robot lab reestablished late-night contact with its orbiting mothership, Rosetta. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: Robot probe Philae uploaded a slew of last-minute data to Earth Friday from a comet in deep space, before going to sleep at the conclusion of a historic exploration, ground controllers said.
Data streamed in as soon as Europe's pioneering robot lab reestablished late-night contact with its orbiting mothership, Rosetta, but its limited battery soon started wavering.
"My #lifeonacomet has just begun," said an official tweet in the name of the washing machine-sized lander perched on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko since Wednesday -- concluding with a restful "zzzzz".
"S'ok Philae, I've got it from here for now. Rest well...," said a response tweeted on behalf of Rosetta.
The European Space Agency (ESA) said its robot lab had entered "idle mode", with all instruments and most systems shut down after three days of non-stop work -- taking pictures and probing the comet's density, temperature, composition and atmosphere.
"Prior to falling silent, the lander was able to transmit all science data gathered," said a statement.
The lander and its mothership, which relayed Philae's data to Earth, had only two communications windows per day -- the last opened around 2130 GMT on Friday and closed at 0036 GMT the next morning as Rosetta disappeared in orbit behind the comet.
Mission controllers had feared the robot may not even have enough power to make contact during this window -- but they were pleasantly surprised.
"Science from an alien world" ESA Operations tweeted when contact was made. "Info now flowing from @ Philae2014."
The channel should open again around 1000 GMT Saturday, but lander manager Stephan Ulamec told AFP from mission control in Darmstadt, Germany, he did "not really expect" contact with Philae then.
"The chances that we could reestablish the link again tomorrow are really very, very low," he said.
"The battery is not completely empty, but it is below the level the central computer needs to boot" up.
In one of many jaw-dropping achievements, the robot lab appears to have lifted itself slightly on Friday and rotate the larger of its solar panels to absorb as much energy as possible to be stored for a possible wakeup later.
Philae had landed in a dark ditch after a bouncy touchdown Wednesday, and did not get enough sunlight to recharge its batteries sufficiently to extend its mission.
Mission engineers dream, however, of making contact with the lander "at some point" in the coming months as the comet, with Philae hopefully still clinging to its surface, moves closer to the Sun.
Philae's historic on-site survey of a comet travelling at 18 kilometres (11 miles) per second, currently at a distance of 510 million kilometres (320 million miles) from Earth, is the highlight in a more than decade-long mission.
Philae landed Wednesday after a nail-biting seven-hour, 20-km descent from Rosetta, which had travelled more than a decade and 6.5 billion kilometres (four billion miles) to meet up with the comet in August this year.
The touchdown did not go entirely as planned, when Philae's duo of anchoring harpoons failed to deploy and it lifted off again... twice.
The lander finally settled in a crevice in a location that remains a mystery, and data revealed it was shadowed from sunlight that could have extended its core, battery-powered mission of 60-odd hours.
Among the most anticipated data from Philae is chemical analysis of a drill sample which scientists hope will shed light on the origins of the Solar System 4.6 billion years ago, and maybe even life on Earth.
The ESA confirmed that Philae had drilled Friday, though it did not specify whether a sample had been obtained.
"I confirm that my (drill) went all the way DOWN and UP again!!" said a tweet in the robot's name. "First comet drilling is a fact!"
The Rosetta-Philae team said Friday they were ecstatic with the results.
All 10 instruments on board the 100-kilogramme (22-pound) lab had kicked into action.
"This machine performed magnificently under tough conditions, and we can be fully proud of the incredible scientific success Philae has delivered," said Ulamec.
The 1.3-billion-euro ($1.6-billion) mission aims to unlock the secrets of comets, which some astrophysicists believe may have "seeded" Earth with some of the ingredients for life.

Campaign against child abuseUpdated: November 15, 2014 13:15 IST
Campaign against child abuse
The Hindu
A street play to create awareness on child abuse at Coimbatore Junction. Photo: M.Periasamy.
A week-long campaign against child abuse has been launched by various government departments and non-governmental organisations, on Friday.
Campaign coordinator Sister Sujatha said that Childline had rescued 96 children in Coimbatore between April and October from child labour, abuse, marriage, corporal punishment and drug abuse. As part of the campaign, street plays will be held in 33 locations across the city. Boards containing the contact numbers of Childline, the police, and the District Child Protection Unit would be put up at 40 locations.
Awareness
Further, various contests would be held in Corporation schools for students of Classes VI to XII. A mass awareness programme would be held for women self-help group members on November 20. It would focus on child marriage, abuse, labour, and trafficking, she said.
Those involved in the campaign include School Education Department, National Child Labour Project, the Police, DCPU, Child Welfare Committee and Department of Social Welfare besides NGOs such as Childline India Foundation, District Child Forum and children’s homes such as Don Bosco, Marialaya, Saranalaya, Rhythm, Thiaga Oli Sudar and JCI Fire Vidiyal Trust.
Meanwhile, on Friday, students of Don Bosco Anbu Illam tied friendship bands on District Collector Archana Patnaik, City Police Commissioner A.K. Viswanathan, and other officials to thank them for their efforts to protect children from abuse.

US Sikh student says Army rules bar him from ROTCA Sikh university student has sued the Army, saying he cannot join ROTC unless he violates his religious beliefs.
By: Associated Press | New York | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:27 am
A Sikh university student has sued the Army, saying he cannot join the Reserve Officer Training Corps unless he violates his religious beliefs by removing his turban, shaving and cutting his hair.
The group United Sikhs and the American Civil Liberties Union filed a federal lawsuit Wednesday in Washington, DC, on behalf of Iknoor Singh, a 19-year-old from the New York City borough of Queens.
Singh, who is studying finance and business analytics at Hofstra University, said he has had a lifelong interest in public service and began thinking of a military career several years ago. His lawsuit said he speaks four languages – English, Punjabi, Hindi, and Urdu – and he said he wants to work in military intelligence.
Sikhism, a 500-year-old religion founded in India, requires its male followers to wear a turban and beard and keep their hair uncut.
Under a policy announced in January, troops can seek waivers on a case-by-case basis to wear religious clothing, seek prayer time or engage in religious practices. Approval depends on where the service member is stationed and whether the change would affect military readiness or the mission. There are currently only a few Sikhs serving in the US Army who have been granted religious accommodations.
But ACLU Attorney Heather Weaver said the only remedy offered to Singh is a Catch-22: He must comply with military rules and only then ask for a waiver that would allow him to wear his turban, beard and long hair.
Singh is being permitted to audit the ROTC classes, said Lt. Col. Daniel Cederman, commander of Hofstra’s program, which trains students to become commissioned officers.
But Singh and his attorneys argue that he is not receiving credit for the classes, nor is he eligible for potential ROTC scholarships because he is not an actual enlistee. Weaver also said Singh will not be permitted to audit the classes after his second year in university.
An Army spokesman did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Friday.
A statement from Hofstra said it supports “Singh’s ambitions to serve his country. … We very much hope that the Army will permit us to enroll Mr. Singh in the program as a full cadet.”

Saradha scam: MP Kunal Ghosh attempts suicideComments
Rajya Sabha MP Kunal Ghosh, an accused in the multi-crore Saradha scam, took 26 sleeping pills in an alleged suicide bid inside the Kolkata jail where he has been locked up for the past year.
Kunal Ghosh, the CEO of the erstwhile media houses run by Saradha Group, had threatened suicide in front of a judge on Monday unless the influential people named in the scam were not arrested within 72 hours. (PTI Photo)
Ghosh, who was the CEO of Saradha’s media wing at the time the Ponzi scheme at the company unravelled, was rushed to hospital where doctors said his condition was stable.
The one-time close confidant of West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee had threatened this week to end his life if the CBI failed to take action against others involved in the scam.
Jail authorities filed an FIR against Ghosh as attempted suicide is a criminal offence.
"According to a complaint lodged by jail authorities, a case has been registered against Kunal Ghosh u/s section 309 of IPC," said Rajeev Mishra, joint commissioner (headquarters) of Kolkata Police.
A hospital official said Ghosh told doctors in the emergency department that he had consumed 26 pills.
“A six-member medical board has been formed to treat him. He is stable now. The team will decide when to discharge him,” said Pradip Mitra, director of the Institute of Post Graduate Medical Education and Research. “The contents of his stomach have been sent for forensic test.”
Prison officials failed to explain how the suspended Trinamool Congress leader managed to procure the sedatives despite being lodged in a high-security cell at the Presidency jail with two guards keeping watch.
“He was extremely depressed even during the last hearing (on Monday). We informed the court too. It is surprising how sedatives find their way inside the jail,” said Ghosh's lawyer, Soumyajit Raha.
Three letters were found in Ghosh's jail cell, sources said. One was addressed to the Chief Justice of India, another to the chief justice of the Calcutta High Court and the third to Saradha investors.
The chief minister suspended the jail superintendent as well as the doctor and nurse on duty while the state government set up a committee to probe the incident.
The incident triggered a torrent of questions from opposition leaders who said there could be a conspiracy to eliminate Ghosh by the real architects of the scam.
“If Kunal dies who will benefit? They will be senior Trinamool Congress leaders against whom he has been spilling the beans for a long time. People will take this incident as a conspiracy,” said senior state Congress leader Abdul Mannan.
The Saradha scam has turned into a major embarrassment for Trinamool chief Banerjee who has been accused by opposition parties of trying to shield some of the beneficiaries of the company’s slush funds.
The scam was caused by the collapse of an investment operation from the Saradha Group, a consortium of over 200 private firms that was running many unlicensed financial schemes in eastern India.
The group folded up in April last year, resulting in the loss of hundreds of crores to thousands of investors — largely from rural areas with little access to banking facilities.
During a court hearing in September, Ghosh said he was being unjustly kept behind bars while bigger beneficiaries of the scam were inaugurating community Durga Puja ceremonies.
Early on Friday, a guard deployed outside Ghosh’s cell saw the MP unconscious and informed jail officials. The local police were called and Ghosh was taken to hospital.

Jacqueline Fernandez plays a student in  Definition of FearMumbai | Posted: November 14, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 9:31 am
By Karan Shah
Recently Jacqueline Fernandez posted a picture on her Instagram account @jacquelinejf2. The picture was a sneak peek of her role in her upcoming horror thriller, the Hollywood film ‘Definition Of Fear’. She asked her followers to guess her role in the film and mentioned that she would give a shout out to anyone who guessed it correctly.
The actress who plays a psychology student has just wrapped up the first schedule and will be back in mid November from Canada where she was shooting for the film. She shall begin shooting for Karan Malhotra’s sports drama ‘Brothers’, in which she plays Akshay Kumar’s wife.
Fernandez who plays a Christian girl in the film will work closely with Karan Johar, the film’s producer, on the styling and characterisation of her role and will also do a workshop with him to work on her character. Meanwhile, Fernandez is in talks with Remo D’Souza’s film with Tiger Shroff.
— With inputs from Geety Sahgal
 

Rs 299 corner: Google bets on Great Online Shopping Festival | MS 2nd most valuable coexecutive
(GOSF, to be held from December…)
NEW DELHI: Google has roped in 300 offline and online retailers and consumer companies for its Great Online Shopping Festival that is expected to reach 100 million consumers this year, riding on the frenzy of online shopping in recent weeks.
The Great Online Shopping Festival (GOSF), to be held from December 10-12, is expected to see participation of various consumer durable, FMCG and e-commerce firms in India.
The organisers will also run a twoweek run-up campaign by reserving each day for a single company to partner in a day-long offers and contests for consumers, said top executives of some ecommerce companies participating in the event.
Google and various e-commerce partners plan heavy-duty online advertising while consumer brands will do offline campaigns such as hoarding and other outdoor activities, said a senior executive of an e-commerce company.
"On that days they are trying to get more exclusive launches. They are talking to companies like Samsung , Philips and Motorola to launch products during these days," the person said.
Nitin Bawankule , director for ecommerce at Google India , declined to comment.
In a season of mega online sales, Google's third edition of GOSF is expected to create a bigger hype than the last two years as it plans to line up products ranging from FMCG, consumer durables and fashion lifestyle segments to arts and collectibles, travel packages and even two-wheelers, according to sources quoted earlier.
This year, the organisers will also introduce digital walls in various cities where consumers can order through their smartphones by scanning the QR codes of the products, they said.
A top executive of an e-commerce firm said GOSF will also introduce a special segment called "Rs299 corner" where branded products priced between Rs600-1500 will be sold at Rs299. The products will be delivered free of charge and there will be cash-on-delivery option to woo first-time online consumers.
The person also said that in the 14 days between November 27 and December 9, a lucky winner everyday will get to shop for free among a host of select items.
Google started GOSF in 2012. Last year it got almost 16 million hits on all partner sites despite technical glitches in the first day, and almost 40% of the traffic came from Tier 2 and 3 cities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Currency  wage and tech edge drive auto part exports toChina 
 
“This is due to a strengthening renminbi and a depreciating rupee, and the rising cost of manufacturing in China due to higher wage inflation than in India,” Sikka said, adding that Indian suppliers have controlled their costs and made quality improvements in their supplies over the last few years.
Abhimanyu Saraf, director at the R2,000-crore Vikas Group, which has nine auto component subsidiaries, told FE that India’s edge is in forgings and products that are dependent on local design inputs. “We export engine parts like catalytic converters and connecting rods to China, and the export value has already grown to R20 crore this year from R5 crore last year. Next year we are targeting R50 crore,” he said.
Added Sunil Arora, MD at Abilities India Pistons & Rings, “We started exporting to global players in China about six to seven years back when they noticed that though the prices were lower from local vendors, the quality was inconsistent. We are growing 10-15% now with R10 crore worth of exports to China out of a total of R35 crore.”
India’s auto components industry had been making strong inroads into the European and US markets for some years now, but several new factors have now helped the industry make a strong break into China. Between January 2012 and today, the renminbi has strengthened versus the dollar by almost 3%, while the cost of power in both countries is now largely the same — even though India still has problems of irregular supply.
“The labour cost in China continued…

G20: PM Modi faces competition from China s Xi Jinping | CoverageAustralia
(Xi will follow Modi to Fiji…)
NEW DELHI: As Narendra Modi arrived in Brisbane on Friday to take part in his maiden G20 Summit and bilateral trip to Australia -- first by an Indian PM in 28 years -- he has competition at hand from Chinese President Xi Jinping who is also on official trip to the country with a similar goal of expanding economic and energy partnership with Canberra and expanding footprints in the Pacific region.
But it is not Australia alone. Xi will follow Modi to Fiji after his trips to Australia and New Zealand in a nine-day trip to these three countries, sources in the Chinese government said. And Modi is not alone who will address the Joint Session of the Australian Parliament. Xi as well as British PM David Cameron too will have that honour, officials from Canberra said.
The Fiji leg of the tour will be somewhat similar for the Indian PM and Chinese President where they both meet leaders of the Pacific Islands besides the hosts as part of Delhi's and Beijing's strategy to expand respective footprints in the Pacific region, sources informed. China has already emerged as one of the key donors for the Pacific nations, officials well versed with the region pointed out. Delhi's advantage in Fiji, however, is the People of Indian origin there who comprises nearly 38 per cent of the total population.
The importance attached by China to Xi's visit is evident from the high profile party delegation that is accompanying him. His entourage includes Wang Huning, member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC), Wang Yang, member of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and vice premier, State Councilor Yang Jiechi and Zhou Xiaochuan, head of the People's Bank of China, Chinese government sources said.
While Modi will be a four-day four city tour of Australia that includes public address to the Indian community at Sydney, public reception at Melbourne by the host PM, Parliament address besides serious bilateral dialogue to expand economic and security ties besides G20 summit, Xi will be on a visit to not so famous Australian island state of Tasmania where China is involved in several mining projects, officials in Australian government said. In fact China has been involved in several mining projects across Australia to meet its growing demands compared to India's not so big presence in the key sector in that country. However, Modi, who is being accompanied an influential business delegation would give a fillip to India's bigger involvement in this sector in Australia.
While Modi is keen to make this trip historic by exploring avenues to upgrade bilateral ties in sphere of trade, investments and security and sell soft power, Xi's stay will be marked by hard power that will see conclusion of a free-trade agreement and unveiling of Sydney as a renminbi trading hub. Australian government sources told ET that Canberra expects that bilateral FTA with Delhi will concluded before end of 2015.
Xi is more familiar with Australia than most world leaders, having first visited in 1988 as 34-year-old vice-mayor of Xiamen city. After stopping by in Tasmania on this trip, his fifth to the country, he will have visited all eight states and territories. He arrives in Australia on the back of APEC, where a display of diplomacy, deal-making and ambition reflected China's influence on the international stage.
However, it this ambition of Beijing in economy but more so in strategic sphere that is drawing India and Australia closer. Officials said Modi and Australian PM Tony Abbott would spend considerable time in deliberating on expanding maritime security and multilateral security dialogue. Australia wants to join US-India-Japan dialogue to make it quadrilateral. Defence is a growing area of cooperation with two countries set to hold maiden naval exercise next year. Delhi and Canberra are eyeing closer maritime security cooperation in India Ocean Region and Pacific theatre with growing demand for Indo-Pacific region instead of Asia-Pacific to reflect present day realities.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mitchell Johnson likely to get breather after second ODI against SouthAfricaClarke re-injured his problematic left hamstring on Friday in Australia's 23-run win over the Proteas. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Melbourne | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:10 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 5:55 pm
Australia captain Michael Clarke will miss rest of the one-day international series against South Africa with a hamstring injury, the country’s cricket board (CA) said on Saturday.
Clarke re-injured his problematic left hamstring on Friday in Australia’s 23-run win over the Proteas in the first match in Perth and had scans on Saturday.
“Michael had scans today (Saturday) in Perth for his ongoing left hamstring problem and as a result has been ruled out of the remaining matches in the… ODI Series,” CA team doctor Peter Brukner said in a statement.
“Michael will return to Sydney for further treatment and an update on his fitness for the first Test in Brisbane will be made in due course.”
Perth also hosts the second game on Sunday with George Bailey confirmed to lead the home side, a role he is set to continue to play in the five-match series.
Clarke’s injury sidelined him for the entire one-day series against Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates and almost all of a preceding one-day tournament against South Africa and hosts Zimbabwe.
The recurrence of the injury has stoked fears Australia could head into a four-Test series against India without their top batsman and master tactician, while another breakdown could be the end of his World Cup ambitions.
The first Test against India will start on Dec. 4.
Australia coach Darren Lehmann confirmed Clarke would be replaced by middle order batsman Steven Smith.
Bailey led the team after Clarke was ruled out midway through the match after being caught behind for 11.
Lehmann said Australia could win the World Cup with or without Clarke.
“It’s never easy when you’re losing one of your best players, but that’s part and parcel of sport these days,” Lehmann told reporters in Perth on Saturday.
“Players have got to be adaptable.
“We’d love him there. But you can (still) win every game you play (without him).
“With the 11 that go on the field, we have full faith in winning each and every game.”
With ever injury breakdown, Australian media have called on Clarke to step down as ODI captain to prolong his career in Tests, considered by far the most important format in Australia.
Pundits repeated the calls in newspapers on Saturday.
Lehmann said it would be Clarke’s call as to whether he continued in the role.
 Johnson likely to get breather after second ODI
Australia paceman Mitchell Johnson may be rested after the second one-day international against South Africa to keep him fresh for the Test series against India and next year’s World Cup, the left-arm speedster said on Saturday.

Philae: Triumphant comet probe sends last-gasp data  goes to sleepprint
Robot probe Philae has uploaded a slew of last-minute data to Earth from a comet in deep space, before going to sleep at the conclusion of a historic exploration, ground controllers said.
Data streamed in as soon as Europe's pioneering robot lab reestablished late-night contact with its orbiting mothership, Rosetta, but its limited battery soon started wavering.
"My #lifeonacomet has just begun," said an official tweet in the name of the washing machine-sized lander perched on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko since Wednesday -- concluding with a restful "zzzzz".
"S'ok Philae, I've got it from here for now. Rest well...," said a response tweeted on behalf of Rosetta. The European Space Agency (ESA) said its robot lab had entered "idle mode", with all instruments and most systems shut down after three days of non-stop work -- taking pictures and probing the comet's density, temperature, composition and atmosphere.
"Prior to falling silent, the lander was able to transmit all science data gathered," said a statement. The lander and its mothership, which relayed Philae's data to Earth, had only two communications windows per day -- the last opened around 0300 IST on Friday and closed at 0606 IST the next morning as Rosetta disappeared in orbit behind the comet.
Mission controllers had feared the robot may not even have enough power to make contact during this window -- but they were pleasantly surprised. "Science from an alien world" ESA Operations tweeted when contact was made. "Info now flowing from @ Philae2014."  
The channel should open again around 0630 IST today, but lander manager Stephan Ulamec told AFP from mission control in Darmstadt, Germany, he did "not really expect"  contact with Philae then.
"The chances that we could reestablish the link again tomorrow are really very, very low," he said. "The battery is not completely empty, but it is below the level the central computer needs to boot" up. In one of many jaw-dropping achievements, the robot lab appears to have lifted itself slightly on Friday and rotate the larger of its solar panels to absorb as much energy as possible to be stored for a possible wakeup later.
Philae had landed in a dark ditch after a bouncy touchdown Wednesday, and did not get enough sunlight to recharge its batteries sufficiently to extend its mission.
Mission engineers dream, however, of making contact with the lander "at some point" in the coming months as the comet, with Philae hopefully still clinging to its surface, moves closer to the Sun.
Philae's historic on-site survey of a comet travelling at 18 kilometres per second, currently at a distance of 510 million kilometres from Earth, is the highlight in a more than decade-long mission.
Philae landed Wednesday after a nail-biting seven-hour, 20-km descent from Rosetta, which had travelled more than a decade and 6.5 billion kilometres to meet up with the comet in August this year.

Now  a selfie-photo app that measures your fitness'BodyRecog' app can measure your physical fitness on daily basis
IANS     Zagreb   Last Updated: November 15, 2014  | 13:54 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
A Croatian biologist has developed an app for smartphones that is able to follow up on the user's physical fitness by taking "selfie" photos on a daily basis.
The photo-based app, called "BodyRecog - The Body Shape Tracking App" was developed by Anita Busic and provides day-by-day analysis that measures the body's percentage of muscular mass and fat, along with other fitness factors.
Busic said on the app's official website (bodyrecog.com) that the application can provide advice on how to improve one's physical fitness.
The app seeks to help users lead a healthy lifestyle, as well as detect health risks, Busic explained.
After a change in lifestyle over a given period of time, according to the creator, new selfie photos can be used to reflect the extent of a person's progress. Photos would also show parts that have been changed and how much is left to reach specific goals.
The application is based on the premise that visually observing the desired results may increase motivation to continue a certain health programme.
It is estimated that 50 per cent of people who do not follow up on the achieved results stop caring altogether about their physical fitness.
Thanks to mobile communication devices the results may also be shared with others and their peer pressure can serve as additional motivation.
The application has won October's British Invention Show award in London, and its developers are currently negotiating with potential investors to market the app.

G20 Summit Live: Reform process bound to face resistance  says PM ModiComments
As he seeks to accelerate his economic reform drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said reform process is bound to face resistance and wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms, Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a Retreat that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
"Reform is bound to face resistance...must be insulated from political pressures," said Modi.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by "stealth".
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Modi felt that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that governance methods must be reformed.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the prime minister said it must be technology driven and must have scale and address root causes.
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters on Friday that Prime Minister Abbott had specially requested Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.
Live Blog Prime Minister Narendra Modi at G20 Summit
 

Kunal again demands the arrest of the  guiltyKunal Ghosh again demands arrest of Saradha scam 'guilty'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, November 15, 2014
First Published: 12:52 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 15:53 IST(15/11/2014)
Comments
Stealing a comment while he was being taken to a nearby facility for tests on Saturday morning, Rajya Sabha MP Kunal Ghosh again demanded that those 'guilty' in the Saradha scam should first be arrested.
"Ask them to first arrest those who are 'guilty'," Ghosh managed to throw the comment to a crowd of mediamen who thronged the SSKM hospital premises.
He said it around 11:30 when he was shifted to Bangur Institute of Neurology adjacent to SSKM Hospital.
Dressed in a green hospital robe and the oxygen tube dangling from his nose, Ghosh was taken away before he could say anything else.
On the way back from Bangur Institute of Neurology to SSKM Hospital, policemen pushed and shoved the patient as well as journalists to prevent Ghosh from making further comments to the media.
As Ghosh came out from the ambulance, he tried to stand to speak to the mediamen, but policemen pulled him away, and kept pushing him till he was inside the hospital building.
Ghosh was brought to SSKM Hospital from a high security solitary confinement cell of Presidency central jail where he consumed 26 sedatives .
Significantly, Ghosh has been consistently demanding that he was being made to be a sacrificial lamb in the scam, while the influential and the powerful (read top Trinamool Congress leaders) were roaming around freely.
Watch: Kunal Ghosh demands arrest of the 'guilty' again amidst police-media clash
Forty-six year old Ghosh, suspended from the party in September 2013, has been behind bars since November last year. Only on November 10 this year (Monday) did he tell the city sessions court that he will end his life if those whose names surfaced during the Saradha scam probe were not arrested within three days.
 
Just four days ago, the MP threatened to commit suicide in the city sessions court. "If I am kept behind the bars and those whose names have surfaced in the Saradha scam not arrested in three days, I will commit suicide, Ghosh told the court on November 10," he said in the court.
In October CBI filed its first charge sheet in a city court where it found Kunal Ghosh guilty apart from Saradha chairman Sudipta Sen and executive director Debjani Mukherjee.
During a hearing before the Durga Puja, Ghosh remarked in a court that he was being wrongfully kept behind the bars while bigger beneficiaries of the scam were busy inaugurating community Durga Pujas.

Philae sends last-gasp data | May communicat...Triumphant comet probe sends last-gasp data from 'alien world'
By AFP | 15 Nov, 2014, 12.09PM IST
0
Share More
Data streamed in as soon as Europe's pioneering robot lab reestablished late-night contact with its orbiting mothership, Rosetta. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: Robot probe Philae uploaded a slew of last-minute data to Earth Friday from a comet in deep space, before going to sleep at the conclusion of a historic exploration, ground controllers said.
Data streamed in as soon as Europe's pioneering robot lab reestablished late-night contact with its orbiting mothership, Rosetta, but its limited battery soon started wavering.
"My #lifeonacomet has just begun," said an official tweet in the name of the washing machine-sized lander perched on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko since Wednesday -- concluding with a restful "zzzzz".
"S'ok Philae, I've got it from here for now. Rest well...," said a response tweeted on behalf of Rosetta.
The European Space Agency (ESA) said its robot lab had entered "idle mode", with all instruments and most systems shut down after three days of non-stop work -- taking pictures and probing the comet's density, temperature, composition and atmosphere.
"Prior to falling silent, the lander was able to transmit all science data gathered," said a statement.
The lander and its mothership, which relayed Philae's data to Earth, had only two communications windows per day -- the last opened around 2130 GMT on Friday and closed at 0036 GMT the next morning as Rosetta disappeared in orbit behind the comet.
Mission controllers had feared the robot may not even have enough power to make contact during this window -- but they were pleasantly surprised.
"Science from an alien world" ESA Operations tweeted when contact was made. "Info now flowing from @ Philae2014."
The channel should open again around 1000 GMT Saturday, but lander manager Stephan Ulamec told AFP from mission control in Darmstadt, Germany, he did "not really expect" contact with Philae then.
"The chances that we could reestablish the link again tomorrow are really very, very low," he said.
"The battery is not completely empty, but it is below the level the central computer needs to boot" up.
In one of many jaw-dropping achievements, the robot lab appears to have lifted itself slightly on Friday and rotate the larger of its solar panels to absorb as much energy as possible to be stored for a possible wakeup later.
Philae had landed in a dark ditch after a bouncy touchdown Wednesday, and did not get enough sunlight to recharge its batteries sufficiently to extend its mission.
Mission engineers dream, however, of making contact with the lander "at some point" in the coming months as the comet, with Philae hopefully still clinging to its surface, moves closer to the Sun.
Philae's historic on-site survey of a comet travelling at 18 kilometres (11 miles) per second, currently at a distance of 510 million kilometres (320 million miles) from Earth, is the highlight in a more than decade-long mission.
Philae landed Wednesday after a nail-biting seven-hour, 20-km descent from Rosetta, which had travelled more than a decade and 6.5 billion kilometres (four billion miles) to meet up with the comet in August this year.
The touchdown did not go entirely as planned, when Philae's duo of anchoring harpoons failed to deploy and it lifted off again... twice.
The lander finally settled in a crevice in a location that remains a mystery, and data revealed it was shadowed from sunlight that could have extended its core, battery-powered mission of 60-odd hours.
Among the most anticipated data from Philae is chemical analysis of a drill sample which scientists hope will shed light on the origins of the Solar System 4.6 billion years ago, and maybe even life on Earth.
The ESA confirmed that Philae had drilled Friday, though it did not specify whether a sample had been obtained.
"I confirm that my (drill) went all the way DOWN and UP again!!" said a tweet in the robot's name. "First comet drilling is a fact!"
The Rosetta-Philae team said Friday they were ecstatic with the results.
All 10 instruments on board the 100-kilogramme (22-pound) lab had kicked into action.
"This machine performed magnificently under tough conditions, and we can be fully proud of the incredible scientific success Philae has delivered," said Ulamec.
The 1.3-billion-euro ($1.6-billion) mission aims to unlock the secrets of comets, which some astrophysicists believe may have "seeded" Earth with some of the ingredients for life.

Microsoft surpasses Exxon as 2nd most valuablecompanyUnder Satya Nadella, Microsoft has worked to overcome its reputation as a clumsy behemoth struggling to keep up with new tech trends and consumer habits. (Reuters)
By: Associated Press | San Francisco | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:13 pm
The bull run in Microsoft’s stock this past year has helped the tech giant surpass Exxon Mobil and seize the rank of the second most valuable company, behind Apple Inc.
Under new CEO Satya Nadella, Microsoft has worked to overcome its reputation as a clumsy behemoth struggling to keep up with new tech trends and consumer habits. Nadella has cut expenses – and jobs – while pledging to refocus the company on mobile technology and cloud computing. His efforts have fueled a stock surge that drove Microsoft’s total market value above $410 billion on Friday. That leapfrogged Exxon’s value of $404 billion, which has been dinged by the drop in oil prices.
”Microsoft has made a strategic change,” said Daniel Ives, a tech analyst at FBR Capital Markets. He said Nadella still faces challenges with a company that’s heavily reliant on the declining personal computer market. But compared with other longtime tech stalwarts, such as IBM, Hewlett-Packard and Oracle, ”Microsoft has done the best job of trying to skate where the puck is going,” Ives said.
Apple Inc  is currently the world’s most valuable company, with a market capitalization of more than $668 billion. That’s more than the $616 billion that Microsoft was worth when it was No. 1 in December 1999. Microsoft shares fell sharply the next year.
But the Redmond, Washington company has earned greater cachet on Wall Street over the last 18 months. Its stock has risen nearly 70 percent since April 2013, when activist investment firm ValueAct Capital announced it had taken a $2 billion stake in the company and would scrutinize its strategy. Within a few months, longtime CEO Steve Ballmer announced plans to retire. The move was described as unrelated.
Since then, Nadella has announced new initiatives to expand in cloud computing, which promises to be more lucrative than the traditional model of selling software that is installed on clients’ computers. Microsoft has also promised a redesign of its flagship Windows operating system and released versions of other popular software for smartphones and tablets, including devices made by competitor Apple.
Microsoft shares have outperformed the tech-heavy NASDAQ Composite Index, which gained about 45 percent in the same 18-month period. The stock hit $50.04 on Friday, its highest point since early 2000, before slipping to the $49.50 range in afternoon trading.

Govt plans to shorten IAS training period by...Narendra Modi's government proposes to cut IAS training period from 103 weeks to 75 weeks
By Bharti Jain, TNN | 15 Nov, 2014, 11.50AM IST
0
Share More
The department of personnel and training on Friday sought the comments and views of all states and Union territories on the proposed amendment. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: The Narendra Modi government proposes to cut the duration of induction training for IAS officers from the existing 103 weeks to just 75 weeks. Based on recommendations of the Kiran Aggarwal committee, the time-period of the IAS professional course (Phase 1) is sought to be brought down by 5 weeks, that of IAS professional course (Phase II) by two weeks and district training by a whole 21 weeks.
The implementation of the proposal will require an amendent to IAS (Probation) Rules, 1954. The department of personnel and training (DoPT) on Friday sought the comments and views of all states and Union territories on the proposed amendment. In a communication addressed to chief secretaries, DoPT asked them to send in their responses latest by November 30, failing which it would be presumed that they have no objection to the proposed amendment.
The Kiran Aggarwal committee report, submitted to the government in February this year, had proposed to cut down the twoyear duration of induction training for IAS officers to around one-and-a-half years, citing the rising median age of entry (28 years) by when most have significant work experience and which makes reduced training period essential for increased potential years of service, and better access and delivery of information and knowledge due to advent of information technology. The committee also felt that one-year district train ing was unnecessary as maximum learning came via exercising responsibility through independent charges.
Apart from citing the introduction of mid-career training, the panel also highlighted how shorter probation would help to meet the shortage of junior-level IAS officers in most states.

Defamation case:Naqvi acquitted after Sabir Ali withdrawspleaBJP leader Naqvi was inducted into Prime Minister Narendra Modi's council of ministers on November 9 as minister of state for minority affairs and parliamentary affairs.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:26 pm
Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi was Saturday acquitted in a criminal defamation case against him by former JD(U) leader Sabir Ali after the court was told that the two have reached a settlement.
Ali had on September 16 sought a “written apology” from Naqvi, who is minister state for minority affairs in the Modi Cabinet, for allegedly linking him with arrested Indian Mujahideen co-founder Yasin Bhatkal. The court had on July 9 granted bail to Naqvi in the case.
As soon as the proceedings commenced before Metropolitan Magistrate Akash Jain today, the counsel appearing for Ali submitted that a settlement has been arrived between the complainant and Naqvi and the matter has been resolved.
Ali’s counsel also told the court that he had already moved an application for withdrawing the criminal defamation complaint filed by his client against Naqvi earlier this year.
“Keeping in view the settlement arrived at between the parties….the present complaint is withdrawn as settled,” the magistrate said, adding, “accused (Naqvi ) is accordingly acquitted”.
BJP leader Naqvi was inducted into Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s council of ministers on November 9 as minister of state for minority affairs and parliamentary affairs.
The court had earlier summoned Naqvi as accused, saying “prima facie” there was evidence and sufficient ground to proceed against him for the alleged offence of defaming Ali.
Ali, in his complaint, had alleged that Naqvi had termed him as a friend of suspected terrorist Bhatkal in March and the story was circulated and telecast in India as well as abroad through social media as well as various newspapers and channels.
The former JD(U) leader had said that after he made a statement appreciating Narendra Modi, who was then the BJP Prime Ministerial candidate, in March this year, he was removed from JD(U).
Ali had alleged that three-four hours after joining BJP, he started getting phone calls from his relatives, friends and media persons that Naqvi had allegedly tweeted against him on the social networking website Twitter.
BJP had on March 29 cancelled Ali’s membership after the controversy erupted following the tweet by Naqvi.
Ali, in his statement before the court, had deposed that the tweet by Naqvi has tarnished and maligned his reputation in the eyes of society, causing great mental suffering to him and his family.

Black money poses security challenges: Narendra Modi to BRICSFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday pushed his government’s domestic agenda on black money at an informal meeting of BRICS leaders ahead of the Group of 20 Leaders Summit. This meet serves to coordinate positions between the five big developing economies of the world and pull in their combined weight at the G20 Summit.
Calling for close coordination on unaccounted money kept abroad, Modi said that repatriation of money kept abroad was a key priority if India. “Unaccounted money abroad is also linked to security challenges,” he told his Brazilian, Russian, Chinese and South African counterparts.
At the informal meeting, the five leaders also took stock of the progress made in the establishment if the New Development Bank and the Contingent Reserve Arrangement agreed upon in the sixth BRICS Summit in Fortaleza in Brazil mid-July this year. They asked their finance ministers to designate the President and the Vice-Presidents of the new bank well in advance of the next BRICS Summit.
Russia is scheduled to host the seventh BRICS Summit mid next year. “The leaders also announced the setting up of an Interim Board of  Directors that will lead the next phase establishing the NDB,” a media note on the informal meeting said. The leaders also asked their Central Bank Governors to ensure that the Inter-Central Bank Agreement foreseen in the CRA be concluded by the Summit in Russia.
The leaders exchanged their views and shared their perspectives on measures to promote growth and job creation. The G20 has set a target for growing their economies by an additional 2 per cent over the next five years. They also discussed issues related to infrastructure, trade, energy, strengthening of the financial system, and cooperation in tax matters.
At the fifth Summit in Fortaleza, India had wrenched the Presidency of the NDB, while China got to locate the bank’s headquarters in Shanghai. India also got the BRICS agree to same contribution to the bank’s capital. Modi had represented India in Fortaleza, the summit itself leading to a 72-point declaration including the bank, to have an authorised capital $100 billion and a $100 billion CRA.
At the informal meeting today, the leaders expressed their commitment towards the expeditious ratification of both instruments. These instruments would contribute to the stability of the international financial system, they noted. The seventh BRICS Summit will be held in the Russian city of Ufa next year.
TAGS: Black Money BRICS G20 Summit Narendra Modi
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Barack Obama: US cannot carry  world economy on our backBarack Obama tells G20 US cannot 'carry world economy'
AFP Nov 15, 2014, 02.08PM IST
Tags:
APEC
("Over the last few years…)
BRISBANE: President Barack Obama on Saturday said the United States cannot "carry the world economy on our back" and urged G20 leaders to work harder to create jobs by revving up growth.
His appeal during a speech on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Brisbane comes with the US economy finally kicking into gear just as challenges emerge elsewhere to the world growth outlook, notably in Europe, China and Japan.
"Over the last few years the US has put more people back to work than all other advanced economies combined," Obama said, with the US unemployment rate falling to 5.8 per cent in October, its lowest level since July 2008.
"But America can't be expected to just carry the world economy on our back.
"So here in Brisbane the G20 has a responsibility to act, to boost demand and invest more in infrastructure and create good jobs for the people of all our nations."
The leaders of the world's top industrial economies are set to pledge at their summit in Brisbane to boost their combined growth by at least two trillion dollars via domestic policy reforms, and so generate millions of new jobs.
They were initially expected to sign off on a vow to lift growth by two per cent over the currently projected level in the next five years.
But a draft copy of the Brisbane Action Plan said that, owing to worries about sluggish conditions worldwide, the leaders will agree to reforms that could accelerate growth by 2.1 per cent.
"We have developed comprehensive growth strategies that address these challenges," the plan says, according to The Australian newspaper.
"Analysis by the IMF and OECD indicates that full implementation of these strategies will lift our collective GDP by 2.1 per cent through to 2018 above the trajectory implied by the policies at the time of the St Petersburg summit (last year)."
G20 nations, which make up 85 per cent of the world economy, plan to meet the goal by accelerating infrastructure investment, financial reform and encouraging free trade.
Obama, who jetted into Brisbane early Saturday after attending an East Asia summit in Myanmar and the APEC forum on Asia-Pacific trade in Beijing, said abolishing protectionism and cracking down on corruption were key to hitting the growth goals.
He said the US "will continue to promote economic growth that is sustained and shared" and work to "tear down barriers to trade and investment and combat the corruption that steals from so many citizens".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alvas Nudisiri: Fayaz Khans performance short but sweetUstad Fayaz Khan performing at Alva's Nudisiri at Moodubidre near Mangaluru. Photo: H.S.Manjunath
The Hindu
Ustad Fayaz Khan performing at Alva's Nudisiri at Moodubidre near Mangaluru. Photo: H.S.Manjunath
Hindustani singer Fayaz Khan, who has specialised in rendition of some select Kannada compositions of Dasas, gave a short but refreshing performance at Alava’s Nudisiri, a three-day literary and cultural meet that began at Moodbidri near here on Friday evening.
He began with his inimitable rendition of the composition ‘Talirandadi Taa’ and quickly gave hint that audience is in for a treat. One just had to wait a couple of more minutes to get the fine twist he has given to the composition while singing the line “saavadhaanadi haridalu yamuna”. Through greatly controlled voice modulation he can take you – if you are imaginative enough – to the banks of the river Yamuna witness how slowly she is flowing.
Though he usually avoids compositions by other singers, Mr. Khan chose ‘Karuniso Ranga’, a composition immortalised by Bhimsen Joshi. But the singer kept to his own style to make it enjoyable. He followed it up with the rarely sung composition “Harinama…”. The singer gave a glimpse into his full prowess with “Na ninna dhyanadoliralu” which was filled with rich variations. The ease with which he could oscillate between upper and lower octave was impressive.
As Fayaz Khan, accompanied by Rajesh Bhagawat on tabla and Narendra L. Nayak on harmonium was gearing up for more, the organisers cut the musical short to provide space for another event because of unexpected heavy rains.

Even the Rich Have Qualms About the Economy
Slowing Inflation Builds Case for RBI Rate CutYou are here: Home Economy
Slowing Inflation Builds Case for RBI Rate Cut
Reuters | Updated On: November 14, 2014 13:34 (IST)
RBI to Ease Rates by 0.5 Per Cent in 2015, First Cut Likely in February: Morgan Stanley
New Delhi: India's inflation dropped to a new multi-year low in October, helped by slower annual rises in food and fuel prices, intensifying pressure on the central bank to cut interest rates to encourage spending and investment needed to boost growth.
The wholesale price index rose an annual 1.77 per cent last month, its slowest since September 2009, compared with the 2.20 per cent forecast by economists in a Reuters poll.
Friday's data comes days after India reported consumer price inflation had dropped to 5.52 per cent in October, below the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) 6 per cent target for January 2016.
"With inflation at or under 6 per cent we think RBI is likely to face pressure to ease, not just from the government, but also from RBI's own policy committee," said Devika Mehndiratta, a senior economist at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd in Singapore.
She expects retail inflation to hit a low of close to 4 per cent in November, opening up an opportunity for a 25 basis points interest rate cut in the second quarter of 2015.
Indian businesses have been pleading for a cut in interest rates, which are among the highest in Asia, to stimulate consumption in a domestic demand-driven economy.
Consumer goods output - a proxy for consumer demand that drives 60 per cent of India's economy - has grown in just two of the last 21 months. It fell an annual 4.0 per cent in September.
The RBI is meeting on Dec. 2 to review policy, having kept its key repo rate steady at 8.0 per cent since January.
A Reuters poll last month had shown that economists expected rates to be held unchanged until well into next year, due to worries that price pressures would revive once a favourable base effect fades out and food prices rise after a poor summer rains.
Bond traders are betting on one of the biggest interest rate reductions among major emerging markets once the rate cutting cycle begins.
The 10-year benchmark bond yield had dropped 36 basis points since Oct. 1 until the last session on hopes of a rate cut.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Targets that endanger livesUpdated: November 14, 2014 00:13 IST
Targets that endanger lives
health
It is at once sobering and shocking that the sterilisation procedures (laparoscopic tubectomy) carried out on 83 women at a camp in Pendari village of Chhattisgarh’s Bilaspur district on November 8 ended up killing 11 women and leaving 69 others ill , some of them critically. In another such sterilisation camp held in Guarella in the same district on November 10, one of the 56 women sterilised has died and 12 remain in critical condition. Even as the precise cause of the tragedies is being investigated, what is abundantly clear is that the standard operating procedures were thrown to the winds. It is appalling that a single doctor and a health worker carried out the procedures on all the women in both the camps. According to a 2008 document dealing with standard operating procedures for sterilisation services in such camps, a surgeon can carry out no more than 30 tubectomies using three laparoscopes on a given day. Even a team with additional surgeons, support staff and instruments can at the most conduct 50 procedures a day. Even if more than one laparoscope was used, the detailed procedure of decontaminating and cleaning the laparoscope prior to disinfecting it for 20 minutes would have made it impossible to conduct 83 procedures in less than five hours at Pendari and 56 procedures at Guarella in such a short time. It is an irony that though laparoscopic tubectomy is a bloodless procedure, many women in the Pendari camp went into haemorrhagic shock due to excessive blood loss. Along with anaesthesia and drugs given to women, the needle of suspicion points to sepsis arising from the use of contaminated laparoscopes.
Sadly, rules will continue to be flouted and deaths will be the order of the day as long as the lethal combination of pressure to meet sterilisation targets, “compensation” amounts given to women and payment to doctors on the basis of numbers, are in place. Making it worse is the undivided attention the government has been giving to sterilisation as a means of achieving by 2020 the Millennium Development Goal on reproductive, maternal, newborn, child and adolescent health. This comes out clearly in a letter sent out on October 20, 2014 by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to the Chief Ministers of 11 “high focus States.” The “compensation” and payment made to all the parties have been increased for these States. Already, the number of sterilisation procedures carried out in India is disproportionately high compared with other family planning measures such as the use of intrauterine devices. If the accredited social health activists (ASHA) are under pressure to mobilise women for sterilisation, the increased focus on the 11 States would mean that women in these States are even less likely to be counselled and informed of safer contraceptive methods to choose from.

Pentagon wants to spend at least $7.5 billion to fix nuclear weapons programsBy Dan Lamothe November 14 Follow @danlamothe
U.S. Air Force airmen from the 576th Flight Test Squadron missile handling team install a cable raceway on an intercontinental ballistic missile at Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif., on Feb. 3. Pentagon officials said Friday that they will need to invest at least $7.5 billion over the next five years to upgrade aging infrastructure in its nuclear weapons programs. (U.S. Air Force photo by Staff Sgt. Jonathan Snyder/RELEASED)
Systemic problems in the Pentagon’s nuclear weapons programs will require a culture change and at least $7.5 billion in upgrades, top defense officials said Friday in announcing the results of two reviews prompted by a series of scandals earlier this year.
The changes are needed primarily in the Air Force’s nuclear missile force, although problems were also identified in the service’s bomber force and the Navy units that carry nuclear missiles on submarines. Combined, they form an aging nuclear “triad” that lost its former stature within the military after the end of the Cold War and as Washington shifted its focus and dollars to fighting wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said “we just have kind of taken our eye off the ball here” in making sure that the military’s nuclear force is healthy.
“The good news is that none of this has endangered America, Americans, or put our security at risk. That’s all good news,” Hagel said. “But if we don’t pay attention to this, you know, if we don’t fix this, eventually it will get to a point where there will be some questions about our… security.”
Hagel called for the reviews in January after a scandal erupted at Malmstrom Air Force Base in Montana. Dozens of officers, who were entrusted with overseeing nuclear missiles kept in underground silos there, were implicated in a cheating scandal in which they shared answers to a routine launch proficiency test.
After internal and external reviews, Sec. of Defense Chuck Hagel announced Friday several changes to be made to the military's nuclear programs, for which he plans to request "billions of dollars of additional funding." (AP)
Shortly after Hagel called for the reviews, a similar scandal emerged at the Naval Nuclear Power School in Charleston, S.C. The service eventually expelled at least 34 senior enlisted sailors after finding that they had shared answers on an engineering watch qualification test.
An external review , carried out by retired Air Force Gen. Larry D. Welch and retired Navy Adm. John C. Harvey Jr., found that rank-and-file U.S. troops in the nuclear force are meeting the demands of their mission, but with increasing difficulty and are “paying an unsustainable price.”
The reviews, released Friday, found problems with manpower shortages, aging infrastructure, and an inspection system that created a culture of perfection, which troops couldn’t satisfy.
In total, the reviews recommended more than 100 changes. Some of them already have been implemented, officials said. The Pentagon will allow the Navy to hire 4,000 civilians to catch up on maintenance at its submarine shipyards, and the service has already begun hiring, Adm. Michelle J. Howard, the vice chief of naval operations, told reporters on Friday. The Air Force also will exempt 4,000 airmen working in the nuclear force from ongoing manpower reductions, and add nearly 1,00 military and civilian jobs to Global Strike Command, which oversees both bomber and missile wings.
Deputy Defense Secretary Robert Work said the Pentagon currently spends about $15 billion to $16 billion on nuclear programs each year, and will need to increase that by about 10 percent over each of the next five years to buy new helicopters for the troops who protect missile silos and make other improvements. Conservatively, that amounts to at least $7.5 billion in new spending.
The Pentagon also will upgrade Global Strike Command to have a four-star general oversee it. Currently it is commanded by Lt. Gen. Stephen Wilson, who took over in October 2013 and implemented an aggressive “Force Improvement Plan” this year to assess what went wrong. It is not clear if he will be nominated for the four-star job, said a command spokesman, Lt. Col. John Sheets.
In an unprecedented move, nine commanders in the missile force were removed from their jobs and a 10th resigned in March, following the cheating scandal. More recently, two additional commanders in the missile force were fired. One of them served at F.E. Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming; the other was at Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota.
Beginning Oct. 1, missile launch officers became eligible to receive up to $300 in incentive pay per month — an attempt by senior officials to underscore the importance of the mission. The Air Force also issued new uniforms, cold-weather gear and personal protective equipment to security force troops guarding the missile silos this year after they raised concerns about them during the review.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

A quiet  chilly weekend; Winter outlook public event Monday PM at Washington PostTemperature Map
Temperatures: Latest D.C. area temperature map. See interactive map on our Weather Wall .
Temperatures crested in the low-to-mid 40s this afternoon, with even a few snow flurries in our northern suburbs (Howard County).  The weather over the weekend resembles the weather today without the wind but with increasing clouds on Sunday. But first, tonight, the region deals with a widespread freeze.
Through Tonight: Temperatures quickly fall back into the 30s after sunset, setting the stage for a regional freeze.  Even Reagan National Airport should log its first freeze, falling to between 30 and 32.  Our cooler suburbs range through the  mid-to-upper 20s.  Winds diminish from around 10-15 mph this evening to 5 mph or less towards dawn.
Tomorrow (Saturday and Saturday night): Mostly sunny and cool.  Highs are similar to today’s levels, but it feels not as cold since winds are generally light, from the northwest at 5-10 mph.  Clouds increase some overnight, with lows near 30 in our colder suburbs to the mid-30s downtown, when winds are nearly calm.
Sunday: Partly to mostly cloudy skies in the morning trends towards overcast in the late afternoon and evening hour.  A light shower or sprinkle can’t be entirely ruled out, but I think the day is dry for most.  Temperatures inch up slightly compared to Saturday, with highs in the mid-to-upper 40s.  Winds come in from the south at 5-10 mph.
Capitol Columns at National Arboretum on November 8 ( Andy Feliciotti via Flickr )
Winter outlook panel discussion at Washington Post Monday night, open to public:  A reminder that on Monday night, starting at 7:15 p.m., the Capital Weather Gang and D.C. Chapter of the American Meteorological Society  are putting on a joint event on the winter outlook.
Presenting are:
Matt Ross, lead author of Capital Weather Gang’s winter outlook
Matt Rogers, president of Commodity Weather Group (and Capital Weather Gang contributor)
Stephen Baxter, a seasonal forecaster with the National Weather Service Climate Prediction Center
Please RSVP by sending an email to dc.ams.chapter@gmail.com  The event will be held in the Washington Post auditorium, at 1150 15th St., NW, Washington, D.C. – close to the red (Farragut North) and  blue and orange (McPherson Square) metro lines.
Jason is currently the Washington Post’s weather editor. A native Washingtonian, Jason has been a weather enthusiast since age 10.

Biotech correction coming 16 trades  55 secondsBiotech correction coming? 16 trades, 55 seconds
Friday, 14 Nov 2014 |  5:00  PM ET
The "Fast Money" traders give 16 trades on how to play the biggest movers in biotech and more.
SHARES

Supreme Court outs Srinivasan  3 others in IPL fixing scandalThe Indian cricket board’s president-in-exile N Srinivasan, IPL chief operating officer Sundar Raman and IPL team officials Gurunath Meiyappan and Raj Kundra have been indicted for “misdemeanour” in the 2013 spot-fixing scandal, the Supreme Court revealed Friday.
 
Disclosing the names of those being investigated by the Justice Mudgal committee for the first time, the court also hinted at the involvement of certain Indian and international cricketers, but said their names “should be left out for now”.
 
The Mudgal committee is probing betting and spot-fixing allegations against 13 individuals. It had submitted its final report to the court in sealed cover last week.
In an immediate fallout, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) postponed its November 20 annual general meeting — during which Srinivasan was expected to contest elections for the president’s post — by another four weeks.
related stories
“There are certain findings (in the Mudgal report) against individuals that may be understood to be indicting some persons with regard to whom investigations were conducted,” a special bench headed by justice TS Thakur observed in its order.
 
“The report does suggest some misdemeanour. What we are thinking is that the findings are in relation to players and other actors in the drama. As far as the players are concerned, we will disallow making public the findings in the interest of the game. We will disallow that part of the report,” it said.
But it said it would “identity non-players in the report” and went on to name the four officials — and, inadvertently, three players, mistaking them for non-players. When the bench realised its error, it said the identity of the players should not be made public at this stage.
The court has given Srinivasan, his son-in-law and Chennai Super Kings official Meiyappan, Rajasthan Royal co-owner Kundra and Sundar Raman four days to respond. It has ordered that copies of the report be made available to them, to the BCCI and to Aditya Verma of the Cricket Association of Bihar, whose petition seeking Srinivasan’s removal as BCCI chief was being heard.
It will take the matter up next on November 24.
The Supreme Court had on May 16 formally asked the Mudgal committee to probe the 13 people named in its preliminary report. The panel had at that stage felt the allegations against them were unsubstantiated.

Of Royalty and Celebrations: A dekko of Salman Khan s sister Arpita s weddingentertainment
‘Karan Arjun’ aa gaye: Salman Khan and Shah Rukh Khan together at Arpita’s wedding celebrations
No prizes for guessing, the much awaited 'Karan Arjun' moment at the bride's 'sangeet' becomes our second.
Shah Rukh Khan came; he chatted; he hugged Salman Khan and then the duo kissed Arpita.
Arpita is one lucky girl! And what do we say now? Humaare 'Karan Arjun' aa gaye!
'Karan Arjun' aa hi gaye! All hail Arpita! (Source: Instagram)
The preparations for Salman Khan's sister Arpita's wedding are on a roll and the bride, groom and everybody associated with the wedding has been taking to the social media sites to post moments from the grand ceremonies.
This picture was posted by the groom Aayush Sharma on his Instagram account. The picture has Aayush, with his brother, Salman, Aayush's father and his grandfather - former Congress Minister Pt Sukhram. (Source: Instagram)
Salman Khan poses with Aayush's father and grandfather. (Source: Instagram)
It's reported that Salman Khan, along with elder sister Alvira, went to invite Prime Minister Narendra Modi to Arpita's wedding reception. (Source: Instagram)
Seen here is the wedding invite; simple and sweet. (Source: Instagram)
The groom's side has reportedly invited Congress President Sonia Gandhi and President of India Pranab Mukherji. (Source: Instagram)
Aayush's grandfather Pt Sukhram with the President of India. (Source: Instagram)
This picture, posted on Instagram, shows the to-be-married couple enjoing dinner with thir friends. (Source: Instagram)
Related

Sensex to Track Global Cues in Absence of Major Local FactorsRupee Flat; Asian Currencies Hit as Dollar Rallies
The Sensex is largely seen tracking global events for direction in the week starting November 17. Japan growth data on Monday is expected to provide direction early on.
Besides, caution is likely to prevail in domestic markets ahead of monetary policy review by the Reserve Bank of India on December 2.
Bonds may continue to retreat after touching over fifteen-month highs on November 13.
The ten-year bond is seen in an 8.15 to 8.35 per cent range next week.
A continued fall in global crude prices is seen supporting sentiment for debt.
The rupee is seen in the range of 61.50 to 62 against dollar early next week and a broad 61.20-62.20 band next week.
The Nifty is seen holding between 8,300 and 8,500 range for the week.
With July-September earnings reporting season almost over, stock investors would focus on foreign flows.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

World Chess Championship: Anand lets Carlsen off the hook in game 5In the fifth game of the World Chess Championship Viswanathan Anand playing with white pieces drew with Magnus Carlsen in a relatively short game 5 on Friday.
Game board
A well prepared Carlsen
In the press conference that followed game 4 on Wednesday, Carlsen said, "I'm not playing very well. Actually, I'm playing somewhat terribly. My last two games were pretty bad."
He must have thought about this long and hard during the rest day. Certianly game 5 was an improvement for Magnus.
Magnus sensed that Anand had prepared very well for the championship this time, thus playing a theoritical game will not result in a favourable result for him. He wanted to deviate Anand from usual line of play into unchartered territories and he had partial success in doing that on Friday.
As usual a 'well-prepared' Anand started off strongly, but was taken by surprise by Carlsen's reply to his opening. Magnus replied with 'Queens-Indian' defence, a opening in his repertoire for a long time now.
In the past four games, Carlsen was forced into 'thinking mode' by Anand, which actually cost the Norwegian game 3 where he lost on time. This time, there was a role reversal. Anand, 'slightly surprised' at the variations, took a long time initially to reply to Carlsen's moves.
Susan Polgar, famous chess commentator wrote in her live blog, "Anand is pausing after this move after both were blitzing out the first 7 moves. It's obvious that Magnus has something cooking & he's deciding how not to fall into home preparation."
Carlsen played the first 17 moves in under just 8 minutes for which Vishy took more than half an hour to reply. But this didn't prove costly in the end.
As Polgar rightly pointed out in a tweet, "Magnus is ahead by more than 30 minutes. But Anand has plenty of time as both are playing fast."
A lonely pawn and a fiery Knight
Anand had one concern. One of his pawns as usual strayed into Carlsen's territory without much of defence. His 'd' pawn was proving to be a head-ache.
Polgar tweeted, "Even though white is slightly better, black is fine & will have d4 pawn as a target."
But then Anand negotiated the lonely pawn situation carefully and traded it for good compensation and brought his knight to D5. Suddendly chess experts became very interested in the game.
Chess grand master Jan Gustafsson tweeted, "Magnus is in big trouble here. 23...Kh8 24.Re7 f5 25.Rxa7 and I'll give Vishy 75%."
Polgar wrote in her live blog, " Magnus has to carefully decide how to proceed. This is an important decision for black."
It seemed just for a second, Anand had worked out a winning plan in the game, though there was a long fight ahead. Magnus seemed a bit worried and thought for a whole ten minutes before deciding to go ahead and trade his bishop with the white knight.
Trading queens
Realising his weak position Magnus wanted to trade-off the queens in order to minimise danger and he soon achived that in move 23. Which turned out to be a huge relief. It lessened white's chances to push for a win even though it still had an advantage.
Carlsen recounted in the press conference, "After the queens were exchanged there was not enough play left for a win"
The situation still remained tense as Anand's 'A' pawn was still in the game and may anytime start walking towards the opposite end.
Nigel short tweeted, "Basically if Anand allows his a-pawn to be captured his winning chances vanish."
In move 27, Anand had the chance to protect his 'A' pawn by moving his Rook to 'D4', but instead he went with 'RD8' which cost him.
After he failed to safeguard his 'A' pawn, in move 29 Carlsen's Knight gobbled it up, which proved to be the final blow to Anand's winning chances.
A fast end-game
From then on there were a flurry of moves and exchanges, which led to a draw finally. It seemed like Anand decided to play for a draw seeing not much of a winning chance.
After 39 moves both players agreed for a draw. The game never crossed the first time control and ended in two and a half hours. A relatively short game in this tournament.
Chess grandmaster Jan Gustafsson tweeted, "Brrr. Dead draw. Come on Vishy, you could have made the guy work a bit harder today!". This seemed to be the feeling of chess experts generally on today's game.
Previous games
Add this to your flipboard Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Dont's miss any stories, follow our World Chess Championship magazine View my Flipboard Magazine.
 

Pak militants behead man in full publicviewBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:37 pm
Taliban militants have publicly beheaded a man for allegedly spying for the security forces in Pakistan’s northwestern tribal region.
The execution was carried out Friday in Mehraban Kalay area of Tirah valley in Khyber district.
The militants killed the tribesman in a market and ordered local people not to remove the body till evening, the Dawn reported today.
Mehraban Kalay and adjacent areas are under control of the outlawed Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan, but Lashkar-i-Islam also has some influence.
The two groups joined hands after Lashkar’s chief Mangal Bagh invited all outlawed militant groups to come to Bara and fight against security forces.
The security forces have launched the Khyber-1 military operation against militants in the area on October 16. The operation has forced thousands of people to flee their homes.
In Bara, security forces and local political administration extended the deadline to today for Sipah and Malikdin Khel tribes to vacate their homes.
The deadline was extended after tribal elders sought more time to shift families to safe places.
The Fata Disaster Management Authority has said that 53,819 families comprising 364,960 people have so far moved out of Bara and Tirah valley.
There are 213,195 children and 77,319 women among them.
Each family had been provided with one meal, free transportation and emergency health care.
Children under the age of five have been vaccinated against polio. Also on Friday, 39 militants belonging to LI surrendered to security forces in Khyber.

Pakistani cinema needs us badly: MahiraKhanMahira Khan: I believe the new generation needs to step up and come out.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:35 pm
Pakistani actress Mahira Khan not only enchanted the audience of her country with her powerful yet sensitive performance in Tv series ‘Humsafar’, but also in India. The actress says if she has to choose between Bollywood and Pakistan it will always be the latter.
“If I have to choose between a Bollywood film and Pakistan film, it may sound clichéd but I will go with the script first. And if both the scripts are equally good, then I will choose Pakistan film,” she said in a group interview.
“Pakistani cinema needs us badly and I am ready to do anything for it. I believe the new generation needs to step up and come out. I need to give back to that country,” she added.
The actress also expressed optimistic views about the growth of the cinema in Pakistan and thinks the one drawback which was holding back it’s cinema has been eliminated.
“In next 10 years you will see a change in Pakistani cinema. We will not be trading drama and film but film and film. There was one drawback and that was people were not making films and that’s not there now. People are coming back to the country after studying film making abroad and putting in their money and making movies,” she said.
“The void has been filled. Right before, I left I had to say no to a film because I am doing another film. It is a rare thing in Pakistan,” she added.
Despite the successful run of the show on Zindagi channel, the actress has no plans to foray into Indian television.
“I can’t work in Indian serials as they are too long… they run for years,” she said.
There were rumours of Mahira debuting on the big screen with actor Ranveer Singh. The actress quashed the rumours looking elegant in a traditional look.
” I have not thought about Bollywood much. I think all the guys are really good but if I have to pick one it would be Ranbir Kapoor and Alia Bhatt amongst the girl’s brigade, Mahira said.
The actress, who is married to Ali Askari and has a son, says she has to cut down her work to justify the role of wife and a mother.
“I am very conscious of the time I spend outside. Hence in order to manage the role of wife and mother, I deprive my fans from constant back to back serials,” said the actress.
Acting is not the only thing that attracts Mahira. She wants to try her hand in production.
“I would love to do production despite knowing it is a big headache. I want to produce short film. I have not zeroed in on the theme but I like the idea of boy meets girl concept,” said the actress.
Mahira has crossed the border and won the hearts. The continued…

Badri Meena: Meet the man who is energising ...Badri Meena
(Modi has simple tastes when…)
AHMEDABAD/NEW DELHI: As Narendra Modi engages with world leaders on his longest foreign trip ever, his staff ensures the famously hardworking prime minister can deal with the rigours of travelling through multiple time zones while simultaneously keeping his wits about him. That's why one of the most important members of this inner circle is Badri Meena, who prepares his meals.
Modi has simple tastes when it comes to food, but he's really particular about how it's prepared and it's a measure of how well Badri knows what's expected of him that he's been an integral part of Modi's household for 13 years. He's not just Modi's cook but he also ensures the prime minister gets his meals on time and that he eats healthy. He even supervises banquets for overseas dignitaries.
So what's on the PM's menu? There's khichdi thrice a week, but it's usually idli-dosa for breakfast (he likes South Indian cuisine in the morning), apart from which he's fond of non-spicy shaak or traditional Gujarati curries.
Astrict vegetarian, he's known to relish bhindi kadhi, vaghareli khichdi, khakra and a Gujarati sweet mango pickle called chundo. "He has a schedule planned for every day of the week and Badri is very much aware of that," said Aditya Vasu, one of Modi's biographers.
Anative of Rajasthan, Badri, 37, has been a member of the team that accompanies Modi on his foreign tours and makes sure he gets food exactly the way he wants it — warm, nutritious, non-spicy, and on time. He's currently with the prime minister on his overseas trip. Recent instructions given to Badri include watching the PM's weight and ensuring that he gets relief from back pain and swollen feet.
Badri Oversaw Dinner for Chinese Prez
Modi's reliance on Badri is evident from the fact that he, and not a senior official, was chosen to oversee the 150 Gujarati dishes at a dinner thrown by the PM for Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife in Ahmedabad, which was catered by top chefs flown in from Mumbai and New Delhi.
Besides keeping the 7, Race Course Road in order, Badri is also said to manage a team of cooks in the Prime Minister's Office, one of whom was sent to Bhutan a week ahead of Modi's visit there to make arrangements for simple vegetarian meals.
Badri's story begins around 20 years ago, when he along with friends Dinesh Meena and Suraj Meena came to Gujarat looking for work from Bilak in Udaipur district.
  "We were about 15 years old when we began working in the BJP office at Khanpur in Ahmedabad," said Suraj Meena, who currently works at the state BJP headquarters on the outskirts of Gandhinagar. Badri is said to have impressed Modi with a 'swachh' kitchen, a simple khichdi made with dalia (cracked wheat) and kadhi during his numerous visits to the office as a party worker.
He began cooking for Modi when the latter became the all-India general secretary of the party in 1998. Around the same time, Dinesh Meena was assigned to party patriarch Keshubhai Patel, who had become the Gujarat chief minister, in the same capacity.
In 2001, when Modi succeeded Patel, Badri went to meet him. "Modiji instantly took him into his staff", joining Dinesh in the chief minister's household, Suraj recounted.
An old BJP member in Ahmedabad recalled that as a party worker Modi would most mostly eat at colleagues' homes but would never inform them before visiting, so that they didn't make anything special for him. "But once he became the CM, he became more careful about his health." It is said that Badri started accompanying Modi wherever he went after the Patna blasts last year, which is when he stopped eating outside food.
"Life has indeed changed... Either one of us accompanies him when he goes out of Delhi and we do it by turn. We do visit Gandhinagar, as our families are still there," said Dinesh, who is married and has a son. Badri's wife and two sons live in Gandhinagar as well while brother Naran Meena works with BJP in the city.
It is Badri's ability to maintain consistency in quality and taste in food, and understand and follow directions that has kept him attached to the PM all these years, said Delhi-based Nikita Parmar, who's written a book on the personal side of Modi. "As a child, Modi would help his mother in the kitchen. Being a good cook himself, he would have zeroed in on Badri only because the latter understands his master's taste well."
Biographer Vasu remembers Badri as a "simply dressed man who would head to the local vegetable market as soon as he and Modi arrived at a place during official tours... Modiji is very fond of green vegetables. So Badri would pick and choose the best vegetables and would not accept anything for free. Before leaving on a tour, Badri would spend hours packing the Gujarati masala, pickles and other eatables Modiji is particular about."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chhattishgarh sterilisation deaths: Rat poison chemical found in pillsComments
Antibiotics tainted with a chemical used in rat poison may have caused the death of 13 women at a government sterilization camp in Chhattisgarh this week, officials suggested Friday after preliminary testing of the drugs.
Women who underwent botched sterilisation surgeries at a government mass sterilisation 'camp' receive treatment at a district hospital in Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh. (Reuters Photo)
An analysis of the antibiotic tablet Ciprofloxacin 500 revealed the medicine was adulterated with zinc phosphide, a chemical used in rat poison.
The drug had been seized from Raipur-based pharmaceutical company Mahawar Pharma on Thursday and has been sent for further tests.
Officials said a significant quantity of burnt medicines was found on the premises.
The symptoms shown by the women who became unwell after undergoing botched sterilizations is similar to how the body reacts to zinc phosphide, doctors in Bilaspur said.
After the surgery, the women had complained of nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain. The 13 died of cardiac arrest, kidney failure and respiratory breakdown. “Such a chemical results in high mortality,” health officials stated.
“We have conducted raids across the state and seized over 43 lakh similar tablets prepared by Mahawar Pharma,” Bilaspur commissioner Sonmoni Borah told HT.
Mahawar Pharma director Ramesh Mahawar and his son Sumit were arrested by Raipur police on Friday.

Historic photos of dead Che Guevara resurface inSpainIn this Dec. 13, 1964 file photo, Cuba's Ernesto "Che" Guevara makes an appearance on "Face the Nation" at CBS-TV studios in New York. (AP Photo)
By: Agence-France Presse | Madrid | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:34 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 1:37 pm
Lost for half a century, historic photographs of Cuban revolutionary Che Guevara taken by an AFP photographer shortly after his execution have come to light in a small Spanish town.
The dark-bearded guerrilla leader lies in a stretcher with his dead eyes open, his bare chest stained with blood and dirt, in the eight black and white photographs taken after he was shot by the Bolivian army in October 1967.
The photographs belong to Imanol Arteaga, a local councillor in the northern Spanish town of Ricla. He inherited them from his uncle Luis Cuartero, a missionary in Bolivia in the 1960s.
“He brought back the photographs when he came for my parents’ wedding in November 1967,” said Arteaga, 45. “My aunt and my mother told me a French journalist had given them to him.”
He and his aunt found the photos among Cuartero’s belongings after the missionary died in 2012.
“I remembered he had photographs of Che Guevara and my aunt said: ‘Yes, I know where they are,” Arteaga said. “They were in boxes with a load of photos of Bolivia.”
Other rare colour photographs of Guevara’s body by AFP correspondent Marc Hutten, taken after it was laid out by Bolivian soldiers, were published in the international media at the time.
But one of the newly discovered shots seems to have been taken at a different moment. In it, Che appears with matted hair and a jacket crudely buttoned around his chest.
The missionary’s stash of pictures also includes a photo purportedly of the body of Guevara’s revolutionary companion Tamara Bunke, laid on a stretcher with her face disfigured.
An Argentine-born doctor, Ernesto “Che” Guevara came to world prominence as a senior member of Fidel Castro’s revolutionary regime in Cuba.
Hunted by the CIA, he was captured by the military in Bolivia on October 8, 1967, and executed the following day.
His body was displayed to the press in the village of Vallegrande before being buried in secret.
Arteaga believes it was Hutten who gave the photographs to Cuartero, possibly as a means of getting them quickly out of the country.
“He asked my uncle to take the photos because he was the only European leaving Bolivia at that moment.”
After Arteaga rediscovered the pictures, he said, “I searched on the Internet for ‘French journalist Che dead’, and Hutten’s name came up, along with some photos that are just like mine.”
After Cuartero took the photos, his family had no further contact with Hutten, who died in March 2012, shortly before the missionary himself.
Arteaga had the photographs examined by an expert who said they were printed on a kind of paper that has not been made for decades, confirming that they date to continued…

Saina Nehwal beats Liu Xin 21-17 21-17 to reach finals of ChinaOpenPrint
Saina Nehwal is very close to her maiden China Open title after defeating her Chinese opponent on Saturday in semis. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Fuzhou | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:27 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 3:32 pm
Olympic bronze-medallist Saina Nehwal and young shuttler K Srikanth stormed into the finals of the women’s and men’s singles events respectively at the USD 700,000 China Open Super Series Premier on Saturday.
In her sixth appearance in the prestigious tournament, Saina continued her rampaging run as she produced another good show to outclass World No. 17 Liu Xin of China 21-17 21-17 in the women’s singles semifinals that lasted 47 minutes at the Haixia Olympic Sport Center.
The World No. 5 Indian will take on the winner of match between fifth seed Bae Yeon Ju of Korea and Akane Yamaguchi of Japan, in the summit clash on Sunday.
World No. 16 Srikanth too set up a mouth-watering finale with two-time Olympic and five-time world Champion Lin Dan after his opponent in the men’s singles semifinal, Marc Zwiebler of Germany, retired midway with the score reading 21-11 13-7 in the Indian’s favour.
In the women’s singles semifinals, Saina took time to get going initially as Liu opened up a slender 7-4 lead but the Indian soon clawed back and went into the interval with a narrow 11-10 lead.
She came out all guns blazing after that to create a huge 19-13 gap. The Chinese girl reeled off four points to reduce the margin but the Indian soon pocketed the first game.
In the second game, Liu once again marched ahead 5-2 but Saina didn’t take much time to draw level and enter the break with a two-point lead.
Saina’s angled strokes had Liu struggling but the Chinese kept herself in close range after the Indian stumbled to some unforced errors.
At 14-14, Saina hit long allowing Liu to take the lead. The Chinese then won an aggressive rally when Saina failed to connect and hit wide.
However, Liu then fell pray to a series of unforced errors as Saina soon moved to a three-point cushion. Liu once again hit wide helping Saina clinch her place in the final.
The last time Saina reached the finals of a tournament was at the Australian Super Series, where she defeated Spain’s Carolina Marin to win the title. The Indian had won the Syed Modi International Grand Prix gold early in the year.
Srikanth, who had a 1-1 record against Marc ahead of the match, dished out a dominating show as from 6-6 the Indian didn’t give any chance to the German to make a comeback.
World No. 25 Marc was probably affected by the gruelling three-game matches which he played before coming into the semifinal. He tried his best to fight but decided not to continue after lagging 7-13 in the second game.
The 21-year-old Indian, who won the Thailand Grand Prix Gold in 2013, finished runner up at the 2014 India Open Grand Prix Gold in Lucknow. He was a quarterfinalist in this year’s Malaysian Open.
He was also a part of the Indian continued…

Saina Nehwal beats Liu Xin 21-17 21-17 to reach finals of China OpenPrint
Saina Nehwal is very close to her maiden China Open title after defeating her Chinese opponent on Saturday in semis. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Fuzhou | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:27 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 3:32 pm
Olympic bronze-medallist Saina Nehwal and young shuttler K Srikanth stormed into the finals of the women’s and men’s singles events respectively at the USD 700,000 China Open Super Series Premier on Saturday.
In her sixth appearance in the prestigious tournament, Saina continued her rampaging run as she produced another good show to outclass World No. 17 Liu Xin of China 21-17 21-17 in the women’s singles semifinals that lasted 47 minutes at the Haixia Olympic Sport Center.
The World No. 5 Indian will take on the winner of match between fifth seed Bae Yeon Ju of Korea and Akane Yamaguchi of Japan, in the summit clash on Sunday.
World No. 16 Srikanth too set up a mouth-watering finale with two-time Olympic and five-time world Champion Lin Dan after his opponent in the men’s singles semifinal, Marc Zwiebler of Germany, retired midway with the score reading 21-11 13-7 in the Indian’s favour.
In the women’s singles semifinals, Saina took time to get going initially as Liu opened up a slender 7-4 lead but the Indian soon clawed back and went into the interval with a narrow 11-10 lead.
She came out all guns blazing after that to create a huge 19-13 gap. The Chinese girl reeled off four points to reduce the margin but the Indian soon pocketed the first game.
In the second game, Liu once again marched ahead 5-2 but Saina didn’t take much time to draw level and enter the break with a two-point lead.
Saina’s angled strokes had Liu struggling but the Chinese kept herself in close range after the Indian stumbled to some unforced errors.
At 14-14, Saina hit long allowing Liu to take the lead. The Chinese then won an aggressive rally when Saina failed to connect and hit wide.
However, Liu then fell pray to a series of unforced errors as Saina soon moved to a three-point cushion. Liu once again hit wide helping Saina clinch her place in the final.
The last time Saina reached the finals of a tournament was at the Australian Super Series, where she defeated Spain’s Carolina Marin to win the title. The Indian had won the Syed Modi International Grand Prix gold early in the year.
Srikanth, who had a 1-1 record against Marc ahead of the match, dished out a dominating show as from 6-6 the Indian didn’t give any chance to the German to make a comeback.
World No. 25 Marc was probably affected by the gruelling three-game matches which he played before coming into the semifinal. He tried his best to fight but decided not to continue after lagging 7-13 in the second game.
The 21-year-old Indian, who won the Thailand Grand Prix Gold in 2013, finished runner up at the 2014 India Open Grand Prix Gold in Lucknow. He was a quarterfinalist in this year’s Malaysian Open.
He was also a part of the Indian continued…

Reform has to be people-driven: Modi tells G20G20
“Reform is bound to face resistance... must be insulated from political pressures”
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said reform process is bound to face resistance and wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms, Mr. Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a retreat in Brisbane that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
A barbeque lunch was served to the G20 leaders.
“Reform is bound to face resistance... must be insulated from political pressures,” said Mr. Modi.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by “stealth”.
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Mr. Modi felt that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that governance methods must be reformed.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the Prime Minister said it must be technology driven and must have scale and address root causes.
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters on Friday that Mr. Abbott had specially requested Mr. Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.
In his remarks at the retreat, Mr. Abbott said the G20 leaders bear heavy responsibility to achieve economic change.
“Nowhere on earth will there be a more influential gathering than this,” he told the group.
“The world is looking to all of us right now to try to demonstrate to an uncertain and at times anxious world there are people who know what they are doing, that there are people who have a plan... for growth and for jobs,” Mr. Abbott said.
However, Mr. Abbott acknowledged there were limitations in what could be achieved, and that there would be inevitable disagreements among the leaders.
He urged them to speak candidly and openly at the summit.
“The only rules, as far as I’m concerned, are if we can speak from our heart rather than from a script, that would be good,” he added.
Reform must be People-centric & People-driven - PM @narendramodi to G-20
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) November 15, 2014
Reform must be People-centric & People-driven - PM @narendramodi to G-20
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) November 15, 2014
Reform is bound to face resistance..... must be insulated from political pressures - PM @narendramodi to G-20 during Retreat.
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) November 15, 2014
Globally, reforms are handicapped with perception of being govt programs, a burden on the people, this needs to change - PM @narendramodi
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) November 15, 2014
Reform is a continuous multi-stage process... must be institutionalized - PM @narendramodi to G-20 during retreat.
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) November 15, 2014
Reforms should lead to simplification of processes......& processes of governance must be reformed - PM @narendramodi to G-20.
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) November 15, 2014
 

Philae lander on comet may communicate againComet lander shuts down as batteries go flat after sending data
Reuters
print
A pioneering robotic spacecraft shut down on Saturday after radioing results of its first and probably last batch of scientific experiments from the surface of a comet, scientists said.
Batteries aboard the European Space Agency's Philae comet lander drained, shutting down the washing machine-sized probe after an adventurous and largely unscripted 57-hour mission.
Carried aboard the orbiting Rosetta mothership, Philae floated to the surface of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko on Thursday, but failed to deploy anchoring harpoons.
Upon contacting the comet's unexpectedly hard surface, it bounced back up into space twice then came to rest at a still-unknown location about 1 km (0.6 mile) from its original target.
Photos and other data relayed by Philae show it finally landed against a cliff or crater wall where there was little sunlight to recharge its batteries.
Racing against the clock, scientists activated a series of automated experiments, the first to be conducted from the surface of a comet.
Before dying, Philae defied the odds and radioed its science results back to Earth for analysis.
Its last task was to reposition itself so that as the comet soars towards the sun, Philae's batteries may recharge enough for a follow-on mission.  
 "Perhaps when we are nearer to the sun we might have enough solar illumination to wake up the lander and re-establish communication," spacecraft operations manager Stephan Ulamec said in a statement.
Scientists are particularly interested in learning about the chemical composition of any organic molecules in samples drilled out from the comet's body.
Comets are believed to be pristine remnants from the formation of our solar system some 4.6 billion years ago. They contain rock and ice that have preserved ancient organic molecules like a time capsule and may provide insight into how the planets and life evolved.
Philae's drill descended more than 25 cm (10 inches) on Friday, penetrating the comet's surface.
Rosetta in August became the first spacecraft to put itself into orbit around a comet. It will accompany the comet as it travels towards the sun for at least another 13 months.

G20 Summit: Reform process bound to face resistance  says PM Narendra ModiComments
As he seeks to accelerate his economic reform drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said reform process is bound to face resistance and wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms, Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a Retreat that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
"Reform is bound to face resistance...must be insulated from political pressures," said Modi.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by "stealth".
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Modi felt that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that governance methods must be reformed.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the prime minister said it must be technology driven and must have scale and address root causes.
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters on Friday that Prime Minister Abbott had specially requested Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.
Live Blog Prime Minister Narendra Modi at G20 Summit
 

Merkel says situation in Ukraine unacceptableYou are here: Home > Collections > Summit
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says situation in Ukraine unacceptable, EU considering further sanctions
Reuters Nov 15, 2014, 02.06PM IST
Tags:
Angela Merkel
("The present situation…)
BRISBANE: German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Saturday the European Union is considering further financial sanctions against Russian individuals because of the crisis in Ukraine.
"The present situation is not satisfying," Merkel told reporters at the G20 leaders summit in Brisbane. "At present the listing of further persons is on the agenda."
Merkel is due to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin on the sidelines of the summit on Friday, but said she did not expect any "sudden, qualitative changes" following the talks.
The G20 summit, scheduled to focus on economic issues, has turned into a showdown between Western leaders and Putin, following fresh reports of Russian troops pouring into eastern Ukraine. Russia has denied sending any military forces to help separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine launch a new offensive in a conflict that has killed more than 4,000 people.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will back Bailey to lead Australia in WC if needed: JohnsonWorld Cup Cricket
Australia pacer Mitchell Johnson on Saturday backed George Bailey to fill in for Michael Clarke in the 2015 World Cup if the regular skipper’s recurring hamstring problems keep him away from leading the hosts in the tournament.
Clarke is expected to captain Australia in its first home World Cup in 22 years, but persistent injuries have cast a doubt on his presence. He again injured his hamstring while he was batting Friday in his team’s 32-run victory over South Africa in the first match of a five-match series.
Bailey has captained Australia in 20 ODIs, winning nine and scored 70 from 75 balls on Friday.
“Those thoughts haven’t come into our heads at the moment. We’re obviously just focused on just this series at the moment so I don’t want to think too far ahead. We’ll just have to wait and see,” he said.
“George has done really well as a one-day captain so he’s as prepared as he can be if that happens, but Michael will be doing everything he can to be the captain for the Australian team in a World Cup.”
Johnson, crowned International Cricket Council’s (ICC) Cricketer of the Year for the second time recently, said the team had not considered the idea of playing in the mega event without Clarke but will back Bailey to the hilt if the situation demands.
“We back him (Bailey) 100 per cent,” Johnson said. “It’s unfortunate to have this injury but George has been captain for the Australian team for a few of the formats and has done very well in the one day stuff.”
The pacer also expressed his excitement at the prospect of playing in a World Cup at home.
“I love playing Test match cricket and that’s the ultimate for me and if it comes down the track my body can’t handle all forms I’ll have to make a decision then.
“But looking at what we’ve got coming up I’m really keen on playing in a World Cup especially being in Australia and New Zealand, and then further down the track we’ve got another Ashes. We’ve got a lot of cricket coming up but I’ve got to assess that with each tour I go on,” he said signing off.

Stinky Leak Forces Passenger Jet to Turn Back
Vote for the Week in Pictures: Nov. 6 - 13
Bigg Boss 8: P3G - Pritam  Puneet  Praneet  Gautam - calls it quits!Print
The happiness and joy of gaining so many products, however, would not over-shine the huge problems in the P3G friendship.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 14, 2014 5:06 pm | Updated: November 14, 2014 5:09 pm
Nothing changes life more than the loss of a true friend. And this is exactly what seems to be unfolding in the Bigg Boss house as the cracks widen between the P3G group. In fact, when the contestants wake up in the morning a sense of dread continues to loom over their minds even as Bigg Boss announces the one task that promises to shake the roots of the house for good!
Even before breakfast is served, Bigg Boss announces the captaincy task wherein Diandra is given the power to choose one candidate basis her own wishes and another basis the majority votes by the contestants. These two selected contestants along with the winners of the luxury budget task ‘Sab Durandhar Hotel Ke Andar’ – Dimpy and Pritam are then pitted against each other to be the next captain of the Bigg Boss house. While Diandra selected Praneet as her candidate of choice, Gautam is surprisingly selected through a majority vote by the contestants. However, little do the contestants know that they are in for a roller coaster ride as the battle for captaincy takes over every other thought in the Bigg Boss house.
During the course of the task aptly titled ‘Captaincy Mere Haath Mein’, the four contestants are required to hold on to a ring and the last person to remain latched on to the ring will be announced the captain.
The already souring relationship between Pritam, Praneet and Gautam reaches crossroads as Gautam raises questions on Praneet and Pritam’s loyalty in their friendship with him. The situation gets completely out of hand as Praneet and Pritam lose their cool and announce the end of their friendship with Gautam.
While the situation between P3G is worsening, Karishma is complaining to Aarya and Upen about her best friend in the house and now ex-captain, Diandra for not considering her as a probable contestant for captaincy. Aarya and Upen who were stunned to hear that Karishma wanted to be nominated as captain also mention that they are surprised by Diandra’s nomination and selection of candidates for the next captain of the house!
As the craziness in the Bigg Boss house starts to subside and peace is starting to creep back into the house, Bigg Boss announces the launch of the Maruti Swift task wherein the contestants need to drive the car in the activity area while pulling off danglers containing names of luxury budget items suspended from the room. Aarya nominates himself to drive the car while the contestants choose the tallest man in the house, Pritam, to pull the labels from the danglers. Even though the continued…

ONGC Posts 10% Decline in Q2 ProfitYou are here: Home Corporates
ONGC Posts 10% Fall in Q2 Net, to Invest $1.7 Billion in Domestic Offshore
Reuters | Updated On: November 14, 2014 20:00 (IST)
SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
Mumbai: Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) on Friday posted a 10 per cent fall in quarterly profit, its first drop after four quarters of growth, as lower crude prices hurt profitability from both onshore and offshore blocks.
Separately, the company said its board had approved investments of over Rs 10,600 crore ($1.71 billion) to boost production from two western offshore formations.
The country's biggest oil and gas explorer has struggled to lift production from its ageing domestic fields and is aggressively investing overseas to secure energy assets for Asia's third-largest economy.
The state-owned company posted a profit of Rs 5,445 crore in the three months to September 30, its fiscal second quarter, down from Rs 6,064 crore a year earlier.
Net sales fell 8.7 per cent to Rs 20,361 crore.
Analysts on average expected ONGC to post net profit of Rs 5432 crore, according to Thomson Reuters data.
A higher burden from subsidised sales of products to state refiners to keep retail prices in check has squeezed ONGC's margins even as it spends heavily to boost overseas assets and maintain output at its domestic fields.
The company's cost of helping subsidise fuel fell slightly to Rs 13,641 crore from Rs 13,796 crore in the same quarter last year.
The company, in which the Indian government plans to sell a 5 per cent stake worth close to $3 billion, is expected to benefit from government reforms to free diesel prices and raise natural gas prices.
Shares in the company, which has a market value of almost $54 billion, closed 2 per cent higher ahead of the results on Friday in a broader Mumbai market that was up 0.38 per cent.
($1 = 61.8250 rupee)

What Makes Marwaris Successful in BusinessYou are here: Home Your Money
What Makes Marwaris Successful in Business
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 15, 2014 11:54 (IST)
RBI Doubles Pre-Paid Card Limit to Rs 1 Lakh
New Delhi: From musty establishments in the dusty lanes of Kolkata's Burra Bazaar to towering office blocks in the financial nerve center of the country, Mumbai, the Marwari community plays a crucial role in turning the wheels of the country's economy as innovators, entrepreneurs and business leaders.
Their extraordinary success forms the primary subject for Thomas A Timberg in his book 'The Marwaris: From Jagat Seth to the Birlas'.
Speaking at a recent panel discussion here with author Gurcharan Das, Mr Timberg attempted to answer the fundamental question that cropped up: What makes the Marwaris so successful as a business community?
"One of the reasons they are so successful, I think, is because of their ability to adapt to situations. A flexibility of mind is surely an important trait responsible for their extraordinary success," he said.
"The answer also probably lies in the fact the commercial communities in general, and Marwaris in particular, have successfully implemented attitudes, skills and support systems," he added.
Elaborating further, Mr Das enumerated a few characteristic traits which he attributed to the community.
"Their entrepreneurial instinct, credibility as businessmen and their community spirit are big factors in their success," he said.
He also highlighted the community's risk-taking ability.
"The business world rewards those who take risks. The incredible achievements of the Marwaris have often been credited to their extraordinary risk-taking ability."
Mr Das discussed the pitfalls of the socialist era and how that led to stagnation in the growth of the market and saw a downturn in the fortunes of business communities as a whole.
"Competition is the school in which companies learn to perfect their skills. By closing the economy and discouraging competition, socialism made Indian business houses complacent and insensitive to customer needs. They lost the incentive to improve their products and acquire marketing skills."
In his book, Mr Timberg chronicles the journey of a community that, from the desert sands of Rajasthan, slowly spread out to all the corners of the country, and eventually achieved phenomenal success in their trade.
Touching on this aspect, Mr Das writes in his foreword to the book, "With their enormous appetite for risk, the Marwaris controlled much of India's inland trade by the end of the First World War. Gradually they turned to industry after the war, and by 1970 they controlled much of the nation's private industrial assets, and by 2011 the Marwaris accounted for a quarter of the Indians on the Forbes list of billionaires."
The book is part of a series edited by Gurcharan Das about Indian businesses. The previous books include 'Arthashastra', 'East India Company' and 'Money in Ancient India' among others.
Story first published on: November 14, 2014 21:41 (IST)

Microsoft surpasses Exxon as 2nd most valuab...Under new CEO Satya Nadella, Microsoft has worked to overcome its reputation as a clumsy behemoth struggling to keep up with new tech trends.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: The bull run in Microsoft's stock this past year has helped the tech giant surpass Exxon Mobil and seize the rank of the second most valuable company, behind Apple Inc.
Under new CEO Satya Nadella , Microsoft has worked to overcome its reputation as a clumsy behemoth struggling to keep up with new tech trends and consumer habits. Nadella has cut expenses _ and jobs _ while pledging to refocus the company on mobile technology and cloud computing. His efforts have fueled a stock surge that drove Microsoft's total market value above $410 billion on Friday. That leapfrogged Exxon's value of $404 billion, which has been dinged by the drop in oil prices.
"Microsoft has made a strategic change," said Daniel Ives, a tech analyst at FBR Capital Markets. He said Nadella still faces challenges with a company that's heavily reliant on the declining personal computer market. But compared with other longtime tech stalwarts, such as IBM , Hewlett-Packard and Oracle , "Microsoft has done the best job of trying to skate where the puck is going," Ives said.
Apple is currently the world's most valuable company, with a market capitalization of more than $668 billion. That's more than the $616 billion that Microsoft was worth when it was No. 1 in December 1999. Microsoft shares fell sharply the next year.
But the Redmond, Washington company has earned greater cachet on Wall Street over the last 18 months. Its stock has risen nearly 70 percent since April 2013, when activist investment firm ValueAct Capital announced it had taken a $2 billion stake in the company and would scrutinize its strategy. Within a few months, longtime CEO Steve Ballmer announced plans to retire. The move was described as unrelated.
Since then, Nadella has announced new initiatives to expand in cloud computing, which promises to be more lucrative than the traditional model of selling software that is installed on clients' computers. Microsoft has also promised a redesign of its flagship Windows operating system and released versions of other popular software for smartphones and tablets, including devices made by competitor Apple.
Microsoft shares have outperformed the tech-heavy NASDAQ Composite Index, which gained about 45 percent in the same 18-month period. The stock hit $50.04 on Friday, its highest point since early 2000, before slipping to the $49.50 range in afternoon trading.

Ratan Tata s got the e-shopping bugMarking his third investment in India’s burgeoning e-commerce space in 90 days, Tata Group chairman emeritus Ratan Tata has made a personal investment in Bangalore-based online furniture store Urban Ladder. The e-tailer, however, did not disclose the amount of
investment.
Tata had made back-to-back investments in online marketplace Snapdeal in August and jewellery e-tailer Bluestone a few weeks later.
“Ratan Tata understands the furniture space very well, specially our focus on product design since he has a lot of knowledge of the subject. His inputs and guidance will be very valuable for us,” said Ashish Goel, CEO and co-founder, Urban Ladder.
Founded in July 2012 by Ashish Goel and Rajiv Srivatsa, Urban Ladder has so far raised $26 million from investors like Steadview Capital, SAIF Partners and Kalaari Capital. Incidentally, Urban Ladder may also get a pie of Softbank’s proposed $10-billion investment in India. The furniture e-tailer is reportedly one of the three companies to be invited to Tokyo later this month to further discussions on a new round of funding.
“When a person of Ratan Tata’s stature invests, it reinforces the notion that the industry is growing and has huge growth potential. It also increases the profile of these companies,” said Pragya Singh, associate vice-president at retail advisory firm Technopak.
TAGS: Ecommerce Ratan Tata Urban Ladder
More from companies

G20 summit: US  Europe blast Russia over Ukr...You are here: Home > Collections > Nato
At G20 summit, US and Europe blast Russia over Ukraine
Reuters Nov 15, 2014, 12.16PM IST
(Obama said US was at the forefront…)
BRISBANE: US President Barack Obama said on Saturday that Russia's aggression against Ukraine was "appalling" and a threat to the world, while European nations threatened further sanctions against Moscow if it did not end the flow of weapons and troops.
Speaking on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Brisbane, Obama placed security and climate change at the centre stage of the leaders meeting, overshadowing talks on global economic growth.
Obama said the United States was at the forefront of "opposing Russia's aggression against Ukraine, which is a threat to the world, as we saw in the appalling shoot-down of MH17".
European Council President Herman Van Rompuy, also at the G20 summit, said Moscow must stop supplying weapons and troops to Ukraine, pressure rebels to accept a ceasefire, or face additional sanctions.
Europe's foreign ministers will meet on Monday to assess the situation in Ukraine and whether further steps including additional sanctions were needed against Russia, he said.
"Russia must stop the inflow of weapons and troops from its territory into Ukraine and Russia must withdraw those already present," Van Rompuy told a news conference.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is attending the meeting and he almost certain to come under intense diplomatic pressure to change tack on Ukraine.
"I want to restate that the European Union continues to believe that there can only be a political solution to the crisis. We will continue to use all diplomatic tools, including sanctions, at our disposal," said Van Rompuy.
Ukraine's pro-Western leaders and NATO have accused Russia of sending soldiers and weapons into eastern regions of Ukraine to help pro-Russian rebels launch a possible new offensive in a war that has killed more than 4,000 people since April.
Russia denied it was involved in a recent escalation of military activity in Ukraine and supported the implementation of the ceasefire agreed in Minsk in September.
"We are not involved," Kremlin foreign policy aide Yuri Ushakov told reporters at the G20 meeting.
SECURITY, CLIMATE, NOT ECONOMY
G20 host Australia had hoped that the two-day summit would focus on global economic growth, not security or the environment.
But the comments from Obama and Van Rompuy suggest that security will be the dominant theme.
Obama also said the United States would renew commitment to its strategic pivot to the Asia-Pacific in comments seen as a veiled warning to China.
Obama insisted that Asia's security order must not be based on "coercion or intimidation ... where big nations bully the small, but on alliances for mutual security".
He did not explicitly point the finger at China, but there was little doubt that he was alluding to Beijing's maritime disputes and growing concern about its military build-up.
Despite Australia's reluctance to allow climate change on the summit agenda after it abolished a tax on carbon emissions, Obama spent a large part of his speech urging action on the environment. He pledged a $3 billion US contribution to an international fund to help poor countries cope with the effects of climate change.
Earlier this week, Obama announced a climate deal with China. The United States will strive to cut total greenhouse emissions by 26-28 per cent from 2005 levels by 2025, while China will aim for a peak in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030.
Highlighting Australia's exposure to climate change, Obama said longer droughts and more wildfires were likely.
"The incredible natural glory of the Great Barrier Reef is threatened. Worldwide this past summer was the hottest on record. No nation is immune and every nation has a responsibility to do its part," he said.
But Australia stuck to its economic script.
A plan to increase global economic growth by an additional 2 per centage points over the next five years was on track, Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey said.
"This ambition translates into about $2 trillion in additional global economic activity and millions of new jobs," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

G20 summit: Reform process bound to face resistance  says PM Narendra ModiFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
As he seeks to accelerate his economic reform drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said reform process is bound to face resistance and wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms, Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a Retreat here that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
A barbeque lunch was served to the G20 leaders.
“Reform is bound to face resistance… must be insulated from political pressures,” said Modi.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by “stealth”.
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Modi felt that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that governance methods must be reformed.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the prime minister said it must be technology driven and must have scale and address root causes..
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters yesterday that Prime Minister Abbott had specially requested Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.
TAGS: Economic Reforms G20 Summit Narendra Modi
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Microsoft Corp surpasses Exxon as 2nd most valuable company behind Apple IncInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
The bull run in Microsoft’s stock this past year has helped the tech giant surpass Exxon Mobil and seize the rank of the second most valuable company, behind Apple Inc.
Under new CEO Satya Nadella, Microsoft has worked to overcome its reputation as a clumsy behemoth struggling to keep up with new tech trends and consumer habits. Nadella has cut expenses – and jobs – while pledging to refocus the company on mobile technology and cloud computing. His efforts have fueled a stock surge that drove Microsoft’s total market value above $410 billion on Friday. That leapfrogged Exxon’s value of $404 billion, which has been dinged by the drop in oil prices.
”Microsoft has made a strategic change,” said Daniel Ives, a tech analyst at FBR Capital Markets. He said Nadella still faces challenges with a company that’s heavily reliant on the declining personal computer market. But compared with other longtime tech stalwarts, such as IBM, Hewlett-Packard and Oracle, ”Microsoft has done the best job of trying to skate where the puck is going,” Ives said.
Apple Inc  is currently the world’s most valuable company, with a market capitalization of more than $668 billion. That’s more than the $616 billion that Microsoft was worth when it was No. 1 in December 1999. Microsoft shares fell sharply the next year.
But the Redmond, Washington company has earned greater cachet on Wall Street over the last 18 months. Its stock has risen nearly 70 percent since April 2013, when activist investment firm ValueAct Capital announced it had taken a $2 billion stake in the company and would scrutinize its strategy. Within a few months, longtime CEO Steve Ballmer announced plans to retire. The move was described as unrelated.
Since then, Nadella has announced new initiatives to expand in cloud computing, which promises to be more lucrative than the traditional model of selling software that is installed on clients’ computers. Microsoft has also promised a redesign of its flagship Windows operating system and released versions of other popular software for smartphones and tablets, including devices made by competitor Apple.
Microsoft shares have outperformed the tech-heavy NASDAQ Composite Index, which gained about 45 percent in the same 18-month period. The stock hit $50.04 on Friday, its highest point since early 2000, before slipping to the $49.50 range in afternoon trading.
TAGS: Apple Inc Microsoft Corp
More from companies

Meet Edward & Funn1k: The duo who earn Rs 2.5 cr a year by playing video gamesFunn1k, who is studying engineering in Ukraine, has ambitions to go deep into e-sport. Funn1k plays Dota 2, a multiplayer online battle arena game.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BENGALURU: The Ukrainian duo of Ioann "Edward" Sukhariev and Gleb "Funn1k" Lipatnikov have turned the proverb "All work and no play, makes Jack a dull boy" on its head, earning a cool Rs 2.5 crore a year by playing multiplayer video games for a living.
Edward and Funn1k are new-age athletes with a cult following in the gaming community. They are considered the Messi and Ronaldo of electronic sports, with their autographs selling for $4-60 (about Rs 250-3,710) online.
The duo plays for the Ukrainian multi-gaming electronic sports club, Natus Vincere or Na'Vi, and travels across the world for a form of sport they have been playing for the last decade.
Edward began his e-sports career 12 years ago, in an internet cafe with a "fat" monitor, and has won several world championships since then. He is adept at playing the online tactical and first-person shooter game, CounterStrike: Global Offensive, and is commonly referred to as "Pistol King" for his deft shooting skills.
"Now, gaming is a way of life," said the 26-year-old, at the sidelines of an MTS India-sponsored event in Bangalore, who quit his studies at the age of 17 to become a full-time gaming professional. "I am always tied to the seat, that's my frustration," he said, adding, "After a while, I think I want to get out and do a physical sport."
However, Funn1k, who is studying engineering in Ukraine , has ambitions to go deep into e-sport . Funn1k plays Dota 2, a multiplayer online battle arena game and the sequel to Defence of the Ancients (DotA) Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos and Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne.
"In the future, maybe I'll become a coach, mentor the new ones," said the 21-year-old, referring to the industry that is slowly getting organised. Competitive electronic gaming is growing, not just because of many gaming enthusiasts but also a larger number of viewers who turn up to see the players in action.
Stadiums around the world broadcast digital games tournaments to a packed audience, with live commentary, just like one could imagine in cricket and tennis. Digital games market intelligence firm SuperData estimated that the total eSports viewership surpassed 70 million in 2013.
This year, at the annual Dota 2 championship tournament in Seattle, over $10.93 million (about Rs 61 crore) was awarded at the event, making it the largest electronic sports event to date. This was greater than IPL's total prize money of Rs 40 crore.
As a validation, three-year-old Twitch that allows players to stream their games to an interested audience from PCs and consoles was bought over by Amazon for $970 million (about Rs 6,000 crore) this year.
The multiplayer gaming scene has not taken off in India, partly due to bandwidth constraints. But MTS India is aiming to eliminate that constraint by offering the multiplayer game gaming platform called GameGod, with Counter Strike Global Offensive (CS:GO) and Dota 2.
"We expect 50% of our India revenue to come from data services through this in the near future," said Leonid Musatov, chief marketing officer of MTS India. For serious gamers, it entails a rigorous discipline to stay on top of the game.
"Every player brings in unique strengths, and we strategise before starting any game," said Edward, who plays his part for five hours a day. But does it ever get boring? "There are always new chapters, new characters, upgrades to keep up with," said Funn1k. "It never does (get boring)."

Juhi Chawlas husbands credit card accessed  probeonsomeone allegedly accessed Jay Mehta's credit card information illegally, to make transactions worth Rs 3.41 lakh in Australia and Helsinki.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:14 pm
Actress Juhi Chawla’s husband Jay Mehta has registered a complaint with the Malabar Hill police station saying someone illegally accessed his credit card information to make transactions worth Rs 3.41 lakh in Australia and Helsinki.
An official from the Malabar Hill police station confirmed the news to IANS and said that an investigation is on.
“Yes Jay Mehta has registered a complaint Nov 6 and the investigation department is working on this case. The transaction was done from Australia and Helsinki,” said the official.
Reportedly, the accused has not been identified as yet.

Gaddam Gang was a challenging remake:RajasekharRajasekhar has acted in several remakes over the years.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:29 pm
Actor Rajasekhar will soon be seen in Telugu comedy ‘Gaddam Gang’, a remake of Tamil blockbuster ‘Soodhu Kavvum’. While the star has acted in several remakes over the years, this film in particular was very challenging for him.
“Remakes are not new to me. I’ve worked in several remakes in my career but ‘Gaddam Gang’ was quite challenging. Since it belongs to a new genre, I found remaking it with the original flavour a daunting task,” Rajasekhar told IANS.
“Gaddam Ganga is a dark comedy, a genre quite new to Telugu cinema.
“The original was widely appreciated. Hence, we had to push ourselves to give a product that’s as good as or better than ‘Soodhu Kavvum’. I think we’ve achieved that. It’s for audiences to watch the film and give their verdict,” he said.
Directed by Santosh Jayakumar, the film about a bunch of misfit kidnappers also features Sheena, Achu Rajamani, Naresh, Raghu Babu and Seetha in important roles.

Get your mind off World Cup ceremonies  Loew tells GermansUpdated: November 15, 2014 15:19 IST
Get your mind off World Cup ceremonies, Loew tells Germans
Reuters
Tweet
Reuters
Germany football coach Joachim Loew stands on the sidelines during the Euro 2016 Group D soccer match against Gibraltar in Nueremberg on Friday.
TOPICS
soccer
Germany have seen a dip in form since winning the World Cup in July and a 4-0 Euro 2016 qualifying win over Gibraltar on Friday was proof the players need to get their mind off the awards and start playing again, coach Joachim Loew said.
The Germans had pledged a goal bonanza against the European minnows after losing to Poland and drawing with Ireland in October.
But they only netted three times with a fourth goal coming from a Gibraltar own goal with whistles and jeers to be heard as the World Cup winners walked off the pitch in Nuremberg.
“I think there were a lot of award ceremonies and celebrations,” Loew said after spending much of the week with the team in Berlin, honoured by the country's president and attending a World Cup movie premiere.
“Now we need to get all of this out of our heads at the end of this World Cup year, draw a line and prepare properly for our next tournament.”
The Germans, second in Group D on seven points along with Ireland and Scotland with Poland top on 10, were the only ones attacking with all 11 Gibraltar players in or around their own box.
“We did not hold our positions. True it is not always easy when you have some many people at the back. There was little space but that's where we have to have a high tempo.”
“There you need one-on-one situations but we instead stopped and played the ball back.”
With German media expecting a double-digit scoreline, the four-time World Cup winners were instead lacklustre for much of the second half, running out of ideas.
Instead of stretching the game over the wings to open up Gibraltar, they piled bodies through the middle in an already crowded area.
“At times there were 18 players in that middle. For some players I expected a lot more,” said Loew.
“A stronger drive towards goal, more finishes because our opponent did not do much else except wait at the edge of the box. We need to be able to solve these things better.”
With European champions Spain waiting for a friendly in Vigo on Nov. 18, Germany is eager to round off the year with a positive result against the team that had won the previous three major international trophies.

Excise duty on petrol  diesel up but no price hikeNew Delhi, November 13, 2014
Updated: November 13, 2014 23:20 IST
Excise duty on petrol, diesel up but no price hike
Staff Reporter
Excise duty on normal or unbranded petrol was hiked from Rs 1.20 per litre to Rs 2.70 per litre and unbranded diesel from Rs 1.46 a litre to Rs 2.96, a government notification said. File photo: K. Pichumani
TOPICS
petrol
After six consecutive cuts in petrol prices and two in diesel, the government on Thursday hiked the excise duty on petrol and diesel by Rs.1.50 per litre each.
But, the hike is not expected to burden consumers as oil companies plan to adjust the excise hike with a reduction in retail rates that was due this weekend.
“As of now oil companies will be absorbing the hikes...we won’t be passing these on to the consumers,” Indian Oil Corporation spokesperson Siddharth Mukherjee told The Hindu.
The government hiked the excise duty on unbranded petrol from Rs.1.20 per litre to Rs.2.70 per litre, while that on unbranded diesel was hiked from Rs.1.46 a litre to Rs.2.96.

DLF surges nearly 3% as Q2 PAT grows 9%You are here: Home > Collections
DLF gains momentum as Q2 PAT grows 9%
PTI Nov 14, 2014, 05.24PM IST
Tags:
Major
(Net sales increased to Rs…)
MUMBAI: Shares of realty firm DLF ended 2 per cent higher today after the company reported 9 per cent increase in consolidated net profit for the second quarter of this fiscal.
After surging 2.95 per cent to Rs 143 in intra-day trade on the BSE, shares of DLF finally closed the day at Rs 141.80, up 2.09 per cent.
On the NSE, it settled 2.01 per cent up at Rs 142.15. DLF's market valuation jumped Rs 517.73 crore to Rs 25,267.73 crore.
On the volume front, 13.71 lakh shares of the company changed hands on the BSE, while more than one crore shares were traded on the NSE during the day.
DLF had yesterday reported 9 per cent increase in its consolidated net profit at Rs 109.06 crore for the second quarter of this fiscal on account of higher sales and lower expenses.
Its net profit stood at Rs 100.05 crore in the year-ago period.
Income from operations rose 3 per cent to Rs 2,013.15 crore during the July-September quarter from Rs 1,956.09 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year.
However, total income fell to Rs 2,135.59 crore for the quarter, from Rs 2,224.61 crore in the year-ago period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Delhi Metro  5 others among world s top infra projectsDelhi Metro, 5 others among world's top infrastructure projects
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 17:13 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Delhi Metro, Yamuna Expressway and four other infrastructure projects in India figure in the list of world's most innovative, impactful infrastructure projects, prepared by international accounting firm KPMG.
Opened in 2004, the $2.3 billion Delhi Metro continues to expand as a shining example of how to carry out an effective public works programme, the financial services major said in its report.
The 165-km, six-lane Yamuna Expressway, that cost $1.9 billion to build, connects Delhi with Agra and has created a corridor for economic growth.
Delhi's Interceptor Sewage System, Tata Power's Mundra ultra mega power project, Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT) and Narmada Canal Solar project (all located in Gujarat) are the other four that make the list, which was released on Thursday.
The $4.4-billion Mundra Ultra Mega Power Project, a thermal power plant, serves Gujarat, Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Haryana and Punjab.
KPMG said the projects were evaluated on the basis of their scale, feasibility, complexity, innovation and impact on society. A panel of independent industry experts evaluated over 400 diverse and compelling projects to ultimately select the final 100.
"Each country has its own approach to develop and fund infrastructure, yet all share the universal challenge of creating the right conditions to attract investment so desperately needed," said James Stewart, KPMG's chairman of global infrastructure.

Alibaba plans senior bonds to raise $8 billionYou are here: Home > Collections > E-commerce
Here come Alibaba bonds...
Business Insider Nov 14, 2014, 03.00PM IST
(The Chinese e-commerce…)
By Myles Udland
Alibaba will be issuing debt.
In filings with the SEC on Thursday, the Chinese e-commerce giant disclosed plans to issue senior debt to US investors in order to refinance its existing credit facilities.
A report from Bloomberg's Sridhar Natarajan and Zijing Wu, citing two people familiar with the deal, Alibaba is planning to raise up to $8 billion in the offering.
Ratings agencies Fitch and S&P both assigned 'A+' ratings to Alibaba's corporate credit rating. S&P cited the company's "dominant market position in e-commerce in China and the company's minimal financial leverage."
Fitch also described Alibaba's market position as "dominant" and said, "The large size and potential for sustainable growth in China's online shopping market help mitigate Alibaba's limited geographical diversification."
This planned offering comes about two months after the company made its debut on the New York Stock Exchange in the largest IPO in NYSE history.
Natarajan and Wu reported that Morgan Stanley, Citigroup, Deutsche Bank, and JPMorgan will manage the offering.
Singles Day in China was earlier this week, which is similar to the Black Friday or Cyber Monday shopping holidays in the US, and Alibaba announced that it pulled in a record $9.3 billion in sales, a record for the company. Last year, Alibaba's Singles Day sales totaled $5.8 billion.
Earlier on Thursday, Alibaba shares were trading at a record high, just below $120, but in afternoon trade were down about 2% to $115.75.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Punita Lal  Nachiket Mor join Cipla boardE. Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 19:02 IST
Cipla's unit in Goa
Mumbai-based pharma firm Cipla has just announced that Ms Punita Lal and Dr Nachiket Mor have joined its board as independent directors. Punita is a marketing expert and has looked at brands such as Coke and Pepsi, and Dr Mor has spent many years in the area of financial inclusion.
What can these two bring on board for a pharma company like Cipla?
Says Y.K. Hamied, Chairman, Cipla: "They are both fantastic individuals and in a company you need diverse specialists."
On Lal, Hamied was quoted saying: "We believe that Ms Lal's proven experience in a marketing and advisory role will add value to our Cipla board."
On Mor's appointment, Hamied said: "Dr Nachiket Mor is a pioneer in the banking and financial industry. His experience and passion in the areas of financial access and healthcare will be extremely valuable and a great asset to the Cipla board."

Facebook to curb promotional posts on user timelinesThe quite aptly named Device Assist is designed to help Nexus device owners fix problems with their handsets and call for back-up when tips and tricks fail.
Facebook to curb promotional posts on user timelines
AFP
San Francisco, November 15, 2014
First Published: 10:06 IST(15/11/2014)
print
Facebook on Friday said it is making moves to reduce the number of promotional posts that pop up in timelines, in response to users' demands for fewer advertisements.
Beginning in January, people should start seeing fewer posts in news feeds urging them to do things such as buy products, download applications or enter sweepstakes, according to the leading social media titan.
"People told us they wanted to see more stories from friends and pages they care about, and less promotional content," the California-based social network company said in a blog post. The change was prompted by a survey that revealed Facebook users think there are too many advertisement-like posts in news feeds.
The social media giant said it discovered that a lot of pitches that came across as advertising were actually posts from pages people had "liked," according to the blog post.
"This may seem counter-intuitive, but it actually makes sense," Facebook said. "News feed has controls for the number of ads a person sees and for the quality of those ads... but those same controls haven't been as closely monitored for promotional page posts."
New controls are being put in place to filter overly ad-like posts, according to the social network. But the adjustment will not change the number of ads served up to users, according to Facebook.

Brother identifies body of Delhi woman found murdered inUttarkashiPrint
By: Express News Service | Dehradun | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:53 pm
The Delhi woman’s brother, who reached Uttarakashi district late on Friday night, identified his sister’s body on Saturday morning. The police had found the woman’s decomposed body in the middle of river Yamuna along the Yamunotri highway near Damta in Uttarkashi district on Thursday.
The woman and her boy friend were allegedly killed by a taxi driver and his three accomplices near Tiger Falls in Chakarata hill area on October 23. As per the police claim, one of the four accused also confessed before the police that the woman was raped by him before she was killed.
“Her brother visited the mortuary today morning. He confirmed the body as that of his sister. We have completed the legal formalities. After autopsy, the body will be cremated in Uttarkashi in the afternoon,” Uttarakashi SP J R Joshi told the IE on phone. He added DNA test would be also done in the case.
Police have already arrested all the four accused persons- the taxi driver Raju, his accomplices Guddu, Kundan and Bablu and sent them to jail. According to police investigation, the couples were strangulated to death by the accused persons while on their way from Tiger Falls to Chakarata on October 23.

No dialogue with Pak till ceasefire violations stop: V KSinghBy: Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:14 pm
There will be no dialogue with Pakistan till it continues to violate ceasefire along the Line of Control and International Border in Jammu and Kashmir, Union Minister General (retd) V K Singh said on Saturday.
“Dialogue process has been stopped because if you (Pakistan) are firing at me, you are stopping my ability to talk to you,” the Minister of State for External Affairs told reporters here.
The former Army chief said New Delhi has conveyed the message to Islamabad that ceasefire violations and dialogue cannot go together.
“So that is what has been conveyed by telling Pakistan that, look here, you cannot do both the things together,” he said.
On the standoffs with Chinese Army in Ladakh, Singh said there is an ongoing dialogue process.
“There is a Line of Actual Control. The perceptions of both the countries on the Line of Actual Control differ,” he said.
Gen Singh said the issue figured in the talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping during the latter’s visit to India.
“I think in the recent talks between our Prime Minister and President of Peoples’ Republic of China, these issues have been talked about. We will see the results as time passes,” he added.
The BJP leader was here to interact with party candidates and leaders for the Assembly elections in the state which will begin on November 25.

Bilaspur deaths: Rahul Gandhi meets affected families  blames govt for corruption and fakedrugsCongress Vice President Rahul Gandhi speaks at the 125th Birth Anniversary Function of Pt Jawahar Lal Nehru at Talkatora Stadium in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Express News Service | Bilaspur | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:59 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 5:01 am
Attacking the BJP government in Chhattisgarh over its failure to save the lives of women who underwent laparoscopic tubectomies in Bilaspur, Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi, after meeting affected families on Saturday, accused it of trying to cover-up the case, calling the Raman Singh government “extremely insensitive and besharam”.
Gandhi was in Chhattisgarh following the death of 13 women in botched up sterilisation surgeries at government-run medical camps as 122 women are still undergoing treatment.
After meeting the affected families at different hospitals, Gandhi said, “The duty of the government is to serve and provide (good health) services. Contrary to this, the camps were not properly organised. Instead of taking responsibility for the incident, medicines (used in sterilisation camps) are being burnt. Evidence is being destroyed. They are trying to cover-up the case.”
Gandhi met Budh Singh, the husband of Baiga tribal woman Chaiti Bai, who had died following the surgery. While the government has prohibited sterilisation of Baiga women, since the tribe is endangered, Chaiti Bai was still forced to undergo the operation. Chaiti’s village Dhanauli falls under the Marwahi assembly constituency of Amit Jogi. He has already announced that he will adopt her five-month-old son and undertake the entire expenses of his upbringing and education.
Gandhi also said that the deaths seemed to be a case of poisoning.
He pointed at the Maoist attack of Darbha, which had claimed lives of top Congress leaders last year, rapes of minor tribal girls in a hostel of Kanker and asked: “Is there no moral responsibility of the Chief Minister and health minister?”
The Congress has sought immediate resignations of Health Minister Amar Agarwal and Chief Minister Raman Singh and said that a case of murder be registered against them.
of a “transparent and unbiased” judicial probe into the tragedy while accusing Congress of trying to politicise the issue.

J&K: Pakistani Rangers violate ceasefire along International Border; BSF troopsretaliateBy: Press Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:56 pm
Pakistani Rangers on Saturday violated the ceasefire by resorting to brief firing along the International Border in Jammu district, forcing BSF troops to retaliate.
“The Pakistani troops resorted to few rounds of firing on forward Border Out Posts (BoPs) along IB in Arnia belt in Jammu district today,” a senior BSF official said.
BSF troops retaliated briefly, he said, adding, there was no injury to anyone in the firing.
Earlier, Pakistani Rangers had violated ceasefire on Wednesday by resorting to brief small arms firing on Border Out Posts (BoPS) along IB in Jammu and Samba sectors.
As many as 11 people have been killed and over 90 others injured in shelling and firing by Pakistani troops during first fortnight of October, triggering migration of over 32,000 people from border areas of Jammu, Kathua, and Samba districts.

I dont want film on me: SaniaMirzaSania doesn't want to share the details of her life for a biopic.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 2:54 pm
At a time when Bollywood is making biopics on sports personalities, tennis star Sania Mirza says she doesn’t want her life to be seen on the big screen as she is a private person in real life.
Sania doesn’t want to share the details of her life for a biopic but says that if anything along the lines of her biopic would happen in the future, she’d like Deepika Padukone to play her role.
“I’m a private person. I don’t want a film to be made on me because I don’t want to share my intimate details. I’m not that kind of a person, and I have got offers for a biopic previously but I have said no,” she said on the sidelines of the ongoing National Children’s Film Festival (NCFF), organised by the Children’s Film Society of India (CFSI).
“But if someone puts me on the spot and I have to choose, then I would want Deepika Padukone to play my role,” she added.
Sania, who turned 28 Saturday, is also writing an autobiography which is being edited as of now and the tentative title is “Against All Odds”.
The Indian tennis star attended NCFF Friday along with actresses Dia Mirza and Divya Dutta among others.

Anand lets Carlsen off the hook in game 5  settles for drawIn the fifth game of the World Chess Championship Viswanathan Anand playing with white pieces drew with Magnus Carlsen in a relatively short game 5 on Friday.
Game board
A well prepared Carlsen
In the press conference that followed game 4 on Wednesday, Carlsen said, "I'm not playing very well. Actually, I'm playing somewhat terribly. My last two games were pretty bad."
He must have thought about this long and hard during the rest day. Certianly game 5 was an improvement for Magnus.
Magnus sensed that Anand had prepared very well for the championship this time, thus playing a theoritical game will not result in a favourable result for him. He wanted to deviate Anand from usual line of play into unchartered territories and he had partial success in doing that on Friday.
As usual a 'well-prepared' Anand started off strongly, but was taken by surprise by Carlsen's reply to his opening. Magnus replied with 'Queens-Indian' defence, a opening in his repertoire for a long time now.
In the past four games, Carlsen was forced into 'thinking mode' by Anand, which actually cost the Norwegian game 3 where he lost on time. This time, there was a role reversal. Anand, 'slightly surprised' at the variations, took a long time initially to reply to Carlsen's moves.
Susan Polgar, famous chess commentator wrote in her live blog, "Anand is pausing after this move after both were blitzing out the first 7 moves. It's obvious that Magnus has something cooking & he's deciding how not to fall into home preparation."
Carlsen played the first 17 moves in under just 8 minutes for which Vishy took more than half an hour to reply. But this didn't prove costly in the end.
As Polgar rightly pointed out in a tweet, "Magnus is ahead by more than 30 minutes. But Anand has plenty of time as both are playing fast."
A lonely pawn and a fiery Knight
Anand had one concern. One of his pawns as usual strayed into Carlsen's territory without much of defence. His 'd' pawn was proving to be a head-ache.
Polgar tweeted, "Even though white is slightly better, black is fine & will have d4 pawn as a target."
But then Anand negotiated the lonely pawn situation carefully and traded it for good compensation and brought his knight to D5. Suddendly chess experts became very interested in the game.
Chess grand master Jan Gustafsson tweeted, "Magnus is in big trouble here. 23...Kh8 24.Re7 f5 25.Rxa7 and I'll give Vishy 75%."
Polgar wrote in her live blog, " Magnus has to carefully decide how to proceed. This is an important decision for black."
It seemed just for a second, Anand had worked out a winning plan in the game, though there was a long fight ahead. Magnus seemed a bit worried and thought for a whole ten minutes before deciding to go ahead and trade his bishop with the white knight.
Trading queens
Realising his weak position Magnus wanted to trade-off the queens in order to minimise danger and he soon achived that in move 23. Which turned out to be a huge relief. It lessened white's chances to push for a win even though it still had an advantage.
Carlsen recounted in the press conference, "After the queens were exchanged there was not enough play left for a win"
The situation still remained tense as Anand's 'A' pawn was still in the game and may anytime start walking towards the opposite end.
Nigel short tweeted, "Basically if Anand allows his a-pawn to be captured his winning chances vanish."
In move 27, Anand had the chance to protect his 'A' pawn by moving his Rook to 'D4', but instead he went with 'RD8' which cost him.
After he failed to safeguard his 'A' pawn, in move 29 Carlsen's Knight gobbled it up, which proved to be the final blow to Anand's winning chances.
A fast end-game
From then on there were a flurry of moves and exchanges, which led to a draw finally. It seemed like Anand decided to play for a draw seeing not much of a winning chance.
After 39 moves both players agreed for a draw. The game never crossed the first time control and ended in two and a half hours. A relatively short game in this tournament.
Chess grandmaster Jan Gustafsson tweeted, "Brrr. Dead draw. Come on Vishy, you could have made the guy work a bit harder today!". This seemed to be the feeling of chess experts generally on today's game.
Previous games
Add this to your flipboard Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Dont's miss any stories, follow our World Chess Championship magazine View my Flipboard Magazine.
 

Poachers gun down adult rhino  take away horn inAssamBy: Press Trust of India | Morigaon | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:48 pm
An adult male rhino was gunned down and its horn taken away by poachers in Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary on Saturday, taking the toll of rhinos killed by poachers here this year to two, a forest official said.
A group of three poachers shot dead the rhino in wee hours near Hahsora forest camp before taking away the horn, the official said.
Hearing gunshots, the Forest Vigilance Squad searched the area and found the carcass of the pachyderm, he said.
A massive dragnet has been spread with the help of police to trap the poachers, the official added.
Another adult rhino was killed and its horn taken away earlier this year at the sanctuary.
The 38 sq km Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, located in the western part of the district and adjacent to Guwahati, harbours the densest population of Great Indian One-horned rhinoceros in the world with over 90 rhinos in its only 16 sq km effective rhino habitat.
The sanctuary had reopened for tourists on November 2 after a routine closure of four months during the monsoons. Pobitora has leopards, wild boar, barking deer, wild buffalo, etc, and is also home to more than 2000 migratory birds and various reptiles, the official said.

Pappu ki Pugdandi opensNCFFThe National Children's Film Festival was inaugurated by Finance minister Arun Jaitley at Siri Fort Auditorium.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:44 pm
The National Children’s Film Festival (NCFF) opened with a packed screening of Seemaa Desai’s ‘Pappu ki Pugdandi’ at the Siri Fort Auditorium here.
The tale of Pappu’s adventurous and magical journey, which stars Atul Parchure (genie) and Hardik Khanna (Pappu), was screened Friday.
The film tells the story of a young boy, Pappu, who belongs to a lower middle class family living in Manali. It is the portrayal of his struggles when his rich classmates make fun of his humble background.
Pappu meets a genie in his tree house who doesn’t help him by magic but tells him to find his own strengths and makes him realise that there is no shortcut to happiness.
The 90-minute film, which is produced by Children’s Film Society India, is directed by Seemaa Desai, who started her career as assistant director at B.R Films and assisted late filmmaker Ravi Chopra when he went on to direct a daily soap ‘Aurat’.
The film was screened in front of children from various schools of the capital and ended with a huge round of applause.
NCFF, organised by the Children’s Film Society of India (CFSI), was inaugurated by Finance minister Arun Jaitley at Siri Fort Auditorium here, Friday.

Samuthirakani all set to play abaddieSamuthirakani was recently lauded for his role as actor Dhanush’s father in Tamil blockbuster 'Vella Illa Pattathari'.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:38 pm
Samuthirakani, who not very long ago was passionately directing films, is currently busy being an actor. Popular for his character roles, the actor-director will next be seen playing a villain for the first time in upcoming Tamil film ‘Rajini Murugan’.
“Samuthirakani is playing the villain in our film. Audiences have only seen him in positive character roles. Hence, this character will come as a welcome change. It will also be quite different from the roles he’s essayed so far in his career,” the film’s director Ponram told IANS.
Samuthirakani was recently lauded for his role as actor Dhanush’s father in Tamil blockbuster ‘Vella Illa Pattathari’.
Starring Sivakarthikeyan and Keerthi Suresh in the lead, ‘Rajini Murugan’ marks the hero’s second collaboration with the director after ‘Varutha Padatha Valibar Sangam’.

Play video games and earn Rs 2.5 crore a yearFunn1k, who is studying engineering in Ukraine, has ambitions to go deep into e-sport. Funn1k plays Dota 2, a multiplayer online battle arena game.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BENGALURU: The Ukrainian duo of Ioann "Edward" Sukhariev and Gleb "Funn1k" Lipatnikov have turned the proverb "All work and no play, makes Jack a dull boy" on its head, earning a cool Rs 2.5 crore a year by playing multiplayer video games for a living.
Edward and Funn1k are new-age athletes with a cult following in the gaming community. They are considered the Messi and Ronaldo of electronic sports, with their autographs selling for $4-60 (about Rs 250-3,710) online.
The duo plays for the Ukrainian multi-gaming electronic sports club, Natus Vincere or Na'Vi, and travels across the world for a form of sport they have been playing for the last decade.
Edward began his e-sports career 12 years ago, in an internet cafe with a "fat" monitor, and has won several world championships since then. He is adept at playing the online tactical and first-person shooter game, CounterStrike: Global Offensive, and is commonly referred to as "Pistol King" for his deft shooting skills.
"Now, gaming is a way of life," said the 26-year-old, at the sidelines of an MTS India-sponsored event in Bangalore, who quit his studies at the age of 17 to become a full-time gaming professional. "I am always tied to the seat, that's my frustration," he said, adding, "After a while, I think I want to get out and do a physical sport."
However, Funn1k, who is studying engineering in Ukraine , has ambitions to go deep into e-sport . Funn1k plays Dota 2, a multiplayer online battle arena game and the sequel to Defence of the Ancients (DotA) Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos and Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne.
"In the future, maybe I'll become a coach, mentor the new ones," said the 21-year-old, referring to the industry that is slowly getting organised. Competitive electronic gaming is growing, not just because of many gaming enthusiasts but also a larger number of viewers who turn up to see the players in action.
Stadiums around the world broadcast digital games tournaments to a packed audience, with live commentary, just like one could imagine in cricket and tennis. Digital games market intelligence firm SuperData estimated that the total eSports viewership surpassed 70 million in 2013.
This year, at the annual Dota 2 championship tournament in Seattle, over $10.93 million (about Rs 61 crore) was awarded at the event, making it the largest electronic sports event to date. This was greater than IPL's total prize money of Rs 40 crore.
As a validation, three-year-old Twitch that allows players to stream their games to an interested audience from PCs and consoles was bought over by Amazon for $970 million (about Rs 6,000 crore) this year.
The multiplayer gaming scene has not taken off in India, partly due to bandwidth constraints. But MTS India is aiming to eliminate that constraint by offering the multiplayer game gaming platform called GameGod, with Counter Strike Global Offensive (CS:GO) and Dota 2.
"We expect 50% of our India revenue to come from data services through this in the near future," said Leonid Musatov, chief marketing officer of MTS India. For serious gamers, it entails a rigorous discipline to stay on top of the game.
"Every player brings in unique strengths, and we strategise before starting any game," said Edward, who plays his part for five hours a day. But does it ever get boring? "There are always new chapters, new characters, upgrades to keep up with," said Funn1k. "It never does (get boring)."

BCCI calls emergency meeting on November 18BCCI calls emergency meeting November 18 to decide on AGM, election
IANS Nov 15, 2014, 03.31PM IST
Tags:
BCCI
(The BCCI had earlier…)
MUMBAI: The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) Saturday called an emergent Working Committee meeting in Chennai Nov 18 to decide its future course of action on holding elections and its Annual General Meeting (AGM).
The elections - scheduled for Nov 20 - had to be put on hold for another four weeks in the wake of Friday's Supreme Court's revelation that those under the Mudgal Committee scanner were sidelined Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) president N Srinivasan, BCCI chief operating officer (COO) Sunder Raman, IPL franchise Rajasthan Royals (RR) co-owner Raj Kundra and Chennai Super Kings (CSK) team principal Gurunath Meiyappan , besides at least three yet unnamed players.
The BCCI had earlier postponed its AGM and annual elections after the Supreme Court on September 1 ignored pleas to reinstate sidelined board chief Srinivasan in his post.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP will do well in J&K polls: V K SinghUnion Minister of State for External Affairs V K Singh. File photo
TOPICS
election
As its main plank is development
BJP leader and former Army Chief Gen (Retd) V K Singh on Saturday asserted that his party will do well in Jammu and Kashmir Assembly elections as its main plank is development of the state.
“I am quite sure that the people, like rest of the country, will choose development as the main plank. The party (BJP) will do extremely well because none of the parties, mainstream or otherwise in Jammu and Kashmir has brought in development for people,” Mr. Singh, who is also Union Minister of State for External Affairs, told reporters here.
Questioning the development claims of successive governments in the state, the BJP leader said “we have seen what kind of development is taking place (in Jammu and Kashmir).
“We have seen what has happened in the recent floods... I can keep narrating incidents to you where the governments have floundered out here,” he said, adding these are the parties which are saying that they want to get maximum seats in the elections.
“None of them has benefited the people so far and so I think a time has come for the people to choose a party which will stand by them in the developmental needs of the state,” he said.
He said he has come here to meet the people who are in the party and those who are fighting the five-phase Assembly polls, scheduled to begin on November 25.
“I have come here to meet our people who are in the party organisation. I have come here to meet the people who are our candidates and get a feel how things are going,” he said.

HyperCity will be profitable by fiscal-end: Govind ShrikhandeAjita Shashidhar and Arpita Mukherjee      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Last Updated: November 17, 2014  | 12:07 IST
Shoppers Stop MD Govind Shrikhande
Govind Shrikhande, MD of the K. Raheja-owned retail company, Shoppers Stop , looked happy and relieved. His company this quarter has registered a decent volume growth after a tough period. Shrikhande is even more pleased as the company's hypermarket format, HyperCity, has hit breakeven. In a conversation with Ajita Shashidhar and Arpita Mukherjee, Shrikhande talks about how the company managed to make the hypermarket format profitable.
Q. Your hypermarket format, HyperCity has managed to break even though the turnaround took some time. What course corrections did you make?
A. Yes, it did take longer than expected. We should have achieved it last year. We are running behind by six quarters now. However, in the last two quarters we have been able to push through the agenda faster to make it happen. One of the three objectives we set for ourselves was right sizing of the stores. We have reduced almost 2 lakh sq.ft of space, which is helping us to get better productivity and lower costs.
Secondly, we have increased the share of fashion offerings at the stores. So last year, fashion was at 11 per cent and this year it's over 14 per cent. The big advantage of fashion is that the margin differentiation is large. So we got 70 basis point of margin growth this quarter.
Thirdly, we also worked on other costs, for instance, the distribution and logistics costs, which we brought it down by 70 basis point this quarter. Also, instead of all merchandise going to the distribution centre and then being sent to the stores, which added lot of costs and time and also impacted availability, a lot of vendors have started delivering directly at the stores. This has reduced costs, improved availability and increased the sales. Our operating expense has actually de-grown by 6 per cent this quarter. As a result you can see the whole swing of almost Rs 12.5 crore at company EBITDA level for this quarter. We are pretty confident that we should be able to maintain that swing and start working towards PAT profitability in the next financial year.
Q. What kind of cost control measures have been undertaken?
A. When you right-size the store, apart from a dip in rent, the power, people and stock costs also fall. Our per unit power consumption fell by 30 per cent by putting in place a host of monitoring mechanisms. We introduced new systems to monitor power on a day-to-day, hour-to-hour basis, which has helped. At a cumulative group level we have reduced our unit consumption of power by 45 per cent over the last five years.
Q. What's the size of a HyperCity store now?
A. Currently, we are targeting all new stores to be around 30,000 sq.ft. to 40,000 sq.ft. Our original numbers were more than 1 lakh sq.ft. The average has already fallen to about 60,000 sq.ft. in the last few years.
Q. Don't you feel the need for more space?
A. The whole model originally was meant to create a big box so that customers can come and shop for everything from that big box. Our realisation is that our big box is not sitting next to the customer, next to the customer there is a kirana store or the  roadside vegetable and fruit vendor. So, the customers need to come to the big box once a month or once a fortnight. Their weekly or daily shopping is happening at the roadside or with the kirana. Therefore, the assortment that I am trying to keep will not justify the kind of stock or the space. So, by crunching the space, I am only stocking things that my customer will shop  every fortnight.       
Q. Have you stopped selling certain categories of products?
A. We have exited certain categories such as consumer durables, which saved almost 20,000 sq.ft. of space. We have also exited furniture, which used to take 15,000 sq.ft. Now 65 per cent of the space comprises food, fashion 15 per cent and general merchandise 20 per cent.
Q. What are the new categories that you have added in food?
A. We have not really added many categories, but there is a whole movement towards on-the-go food, where you will see the assortment slightly increasing. We are selling cut and packed vegetables. We have also experimented with foods which are wrapped, so that the freshness remains longer.    
Q. How many HyperCity stores do you currently have?
A. We have 15 stores and we plan to add two stores every year. By end of this year we will add one more store. The current objective is to be PAT positive this year. Once we hit that we will start ramping up faster.
Q. E-tailing companies have gone overboard with their media spends this festival season and they did succeed in generating a consumer base. Did it increase traffic to your online site?
A. Not really. We were not offering the kind of discounts they did online.
Q. Most the e-trailers have adopted a deep discounting strategy. They are able to do so as they are being backed by investors. Do you think they can sustain this model for long?
A. At some point, this billions of dollars investment these retailers are getting will stop because the investors and promoters will soon realise that they better build a long-term business model, rather than destroy wealth. So my guess is this kind of disruptive practice will continue for maximum another three or four quarters. People will realise that physical store is not going anywhere.
arpita.mukherjee@intoday.com

Microsoft Lync is now Skype for BusinessThe next Lync release in 2015 will be now called Skype for Business.
By: Tech Desk | Posted: November 13, 2014 9:48 pm
After Microsoft acquired Skype in 2011, Lync had started to work with Skype development team to come with a revamped platform for businesses. The next Lync release in 2015 will be now called Skype for Business. Skype for Business will include a new client experience, new server release and updates to the service in Office 365.
Skype for Business will bring together the familiar experience of Skype, hwoever, Skype for Business will be a separate client, server and service than Skype.
A few key updates in Skype for Business include:
Familiar Skype icons for calling, adding video and ending a call
Call monitor from Skype, which keeps an active call visible in a small window even when a user moves focus to another application
Video calling and the Skype user directory making it possible to call any Skype user on any device

Cipla shares fall as second quarter numbers disappointCipla shares fall as Q2 result disappoints
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 13:40 IST
(Photo for representation only. Source: Reuters)
Cipla shares fell almost 3 per cent after the company's September quarter results came in below market expectations.
The YK Hamied-led drugmaker had on Thursday reported a consolidated net profit of Rs 298.68 crore for the quarter ended September, against Rs 358.06 crore during the same period of previous financial year, on account of robust sales in domestic market.
"Net sales of the company stood at Rs 2,629.81 crore for the second quarter while the same stood at Rs 2,483.47 crore during the same period of previous fiscal," Cipla had said in a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Reacting to the news, Cipla's scrip lost 2.93 per cent to Rs 605.85 at BSE on Friday. At the National Stock Exchange, shares were down 2.67 per cent to Rs 606.95.
"Cipla posted results for Q2 FY15 below expectations on all fronts," said Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP Research - Pharma, Angel Broking.
The company on Thursday said results for the quarter are not comparable to the previous financial year due to Mabpharm becoming a subsidiary of the company in July. It had said that its domestic sales during the second quarter grew by 20.5 per cent to Rs 1,251 crore, up from Rs 1,039 crore during the same period of previous financial year.

Fair Trade Regulator to Decide on Sun-Ranbaxy Deal by Month-EndSBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
Mumbai: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) is likely to take the final decision in the $4-billion Sun Pharma - Ranbaxy deal by the end of this month, the fair trade watchdog's chairman, Ashok Chawla, has said.
This big ticket deal in the pharma space is also the first M&A transaction to have gone through public scrutiny amid concerns of adverse impact on fair competition in the market.
"We had asked them (the two companies) to come up with some remedial measures which they have submitted and we are studying the same."
"A final decision on the deal will be taken by the end of this month," Mr Chawla said on Friday.
He was speaking to reporters after delivering the keynote address at an event organised here by the Public Affairs Forum of India along with law firm J Sagar Associates.
The Sun Pharma-Ranbaxy transaction, which would create the country's largest pharmaceutical company, had come under close scrutiny of CCI after it was found prima-facie that the "combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition".
The combined entity would have operations in 65 countries, 47 manufacturing facilities across 5 continents, and a significant platform of specialty and generic products marketed globally. The deal, announced in April this year, is also the first one where the competition watchdog sought public comments.
The public scrutiny of the deal, which would create the fifth largest specialty generics company in the world, ended on September 24. Major issues being examined by CCI on the deal are with respect to the molecules market.
The public consultation process was launched in order to determine whether the combination has or is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition in the relevant market in India.
"The Commission formed a prima facie opinion that the combination is likely to have an appreciable adverse effect on competition and accordingly directed Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy (parties) to publish details of the combination within ten working days for bringing the combination to the knowledge or information of the public and persons affected or likely to be affected by such combination," it had said.
Prior to that, CCI had asked the two pharma majors to make public specific details of their proposed merger.
As of 3:07 p.m., shares in Ranbaxy were trading at Rs 656.75 apiece on the BSE, down 2.67 per cent from the previous close. Sun Pharma shares were seen trading 0.19 per cent higher at Rs 211.35 apiece.
Story first published on: November 14, 2014 15:08 (IST)

DLF Deposits Rs 50 Crore With Supreme Court  to Pay Rest by November 25You are here: Home Corporates
DLF Deposits Rs 50 Crore With Supreme Court, to Pay Rest by November 25
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 14, 2014 16:07 (IST)
SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
New Delhi: Realty major DLF has deposited Rs 50 crore with the Supreme Court and will pay the balance by November 25 to comply with its direction to deposit Rs 630 crore fine slapped by the Competition Commission of India (CCI).
In August, the Supreme Court had said that the total amount should be deposited within 3 months with its Registry, pending the outcome of the appeal filed by DLF against the May 19 order of Competition Appellate Tribunal's upholding the penalty imposed by CCI.
"Rs 50 crore deposited with Supreme Court, balance to be deposited by November 25, 2014. Total amount to be kept in an interest bearing account, to be eventually settled as per the final order of the Hon'ble Supreme Court," DLF said in an analyst presentation uploaded on Friday.
In August 2011, the competition watchdog (CCI) had found DLF violating fair trade norms and imposed a fine of Rs 630 crore on it following a complaint by a Belaire Owners' Association in Gurgaon.
Giving update on the cancellation of 350 acre land parcel in Gurgaon by the Punjab and Haryana High Court in September this year, DLF said, "Our appeal against the order of Punjab & Haryana High Court has been filed in the Supreme Court. Next hearing is fixed for November 28, 2014."
On an order by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) barring DLF and its six executives from accessing the capital market for 3 years, DLF said, "The company has filed an appeal with Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), against the order of SEBI."
SAT has provided an interim relief to the company for redeeming mutual funds to the tune of Rs. 1,806 crore. The final hearing is scheduled for December 10, 2014, it added.
"Based on the advice of independent counsels, the management believes that there is a reasonable strong likelihood of succeeding in various judicial forums," DLF said.
"The company and its legal advisors believe that it has not acted in contravention of law in any of the legal matters pending before various judicial forums. The company has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future."
Story first published on: November 14, 2014 15:41 (IST)

SAIL surges over 8% despite poor Q2 resultSAIL surges over 8% despite net profit dipping nearly 45%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Nov 14, 2014, 03.47PM IST
(The shares of Steel Authority…)
NEW DELHI: The shares of Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) surged as much as 8.21 per cent despite the company posting a net profit slide of almost 45 per cent to Rs 649.5 crore in the second quarter ended September 30, 2014, against a net of Rs 1180.39 crore in the same period last year.
The net profit during Q2 last year was inflated by an exceptional item of Rs 1,056 crore in the form of an arbitration award received by SAIL from Brazilian miner, Vale as compensation for non-performance of a contract. Excluding this item, SAIL's net profit in Q2 last year had touched Rs 285 crore.
During the second quarter this year (June-September 2014) which is typically marked by monsoon rains that slows down steel sales and lowers realisation, the company's total income saw only a marginal 1.3% rise to Rs 11,678.67 crore against Rs 11519.78 crore in the same period. The company's second quarter results were taken into account by the company board at a meeting New Delhi on Thursday.
The stock closed at Rs 86.40, up 7.6 per cent or Rs 6.10 on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Motors Net Falls to Rs 3 291 Crore in Q2You are here: Home Corporates
Tata Motors Net Falls to Rs 3,291 Crore in Q2
Reuters | Updated On: November 14, 2014 19:15 (IST)
SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
New Delhi/Mumbai: Tata Motors Ltd, India's biggest automaker by revenue, said profit dropped 7 per cent in the second quarter, disappointing market expectations of a rise after a sharp drop in car sales at home.
Tata said its net profit, also hit by higher taxes, dropped to Rs 3,291 crore ($533 million; $1 = 61.76 rupees) in the second quarter that ended on September 30 - below analyst forecasts of Rs 4,620 crore, according to Thomson Reuters.
Revenue rose 6.5 per cent to Rs 60,164 crore - again below expectations - while sales of its commercial and passenger vehicles, excluding exports, fell 15.7 per cent.
Faced with slowing sales in its domestic business, Tata Motors has been reliant on sales by luxury British carmaker Jaguar Land Rover (JLR), which it bought in 2008, to prop up profits for the past few years.
While Tata dominates the trucks and buses segment in India, its passenger cars have failed to lure customers away from local rival Maruti Suzuki India Ltd and foreign competitors like Hyundai Motor Co and Honda Motor Co.
Tata's domestic car sales fell 32 per cent to 73,137 vehicles in the six months from April to September, industry data showed. Total passenger car sales rose 4.1 per cent to 890,755 units over the same period.
Tata's domestic operations posted a net loss of Rs 1,850 crore in July-September compared with Rs 800 crore a year ago, the company said. JLR, however, posted a 41 per cent increase in net profit for the six months to September 30 at 1.14 billion pounds ($1.79 billion; 1 dollar = 0.6381 pound).
As part of its new strategy, Tata plans to launch two new vehicles every year until 2020, starting with passenger car Zest, which it launched in August as its first new offering in four years.
It said the response from customers for the Zest had been "encouraging", and that demand had exceeded supply.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Oil rises from 4-year low to $79 on OPEC cut hopesIEA
("It is increasingly clear…)
LONDON: Oil rose to $79 a barrel on Friday having earlier hit a four-year low, supported by speculation that the prospect of even lower prices may nudge OPEC producers towards cutting output at a meeting in two weeks.
The International Energy Agency , which usually refrains from predicting oil prices, said in its monthly report that prices could fall further in 2015 and pressure was building on OPEC to cut supply.
"It is increasingly clear that we have begun a new chapter in the history of the oil markets," said the IEA, which advises the United States and other industrialised countries.
"Barring any new supply disruption, downward price pressures could build further in the first half of 2015."
Brent hit an intra-day low of $76.76 earlier in the session, the lowest since September 2010, before climbing back up to $79.10 as of 1417 GMT. U.S. crude was up 58 cents at $74.79.
Global benchmark Brent is down from $115 in June and has dropped for eight weeks in a row, its longest weekly losing streak since records began in 1988, based on Reuters data.
Oil supply and demand balances of the IEA and other forecasters point to a rising supply surplus in 2015 because of increasing production from the United States and other countries outside OPEC.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries meets on Nov. 27 to discuss its response to falling prices.
While top OPEC producer Saudi Arabia has yet to say if it backs a supply cut, more smaller producers are supporting the need for action. Algeria and Venezuela will join forces to defend prices, Venezuela's Foreign Minister was quoted on Thursday as saying.
"I think Algeria and Venezuela are saying that they are willing to commit if the rest of OPEC is willing," Bjarne Schieldrop, chief commodity analyst at SEB in Oslo, told the Reuters Global Oil Forum.
"Hopefully we will have enough pain ahead of the OPEC meeting in order for OPEC to become OPEC again."
Supply disruptions still have the potential to support prices. In Libya the Hariga oil port reopened after a protest ended but the El Sharara oilfield remains shut.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Malalas story represents 57 million out of school girlsUpdated: November 15, 2014 00:39 IST
‘Malala’s story represents 57 million out of school girls’
Aarti Dhar
Tweet
Reuters
Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai with her father Ziauddin (L), mother Torpekai (R), and brothers Atal (C) and Khushal.
TOPICS
social issue
“It needs a lot of cowardice not to speak up when your basic rights are at stake. One must stand up and speak out,” Ziauddin Yousafzai, father of Nobel laureate Malala Yousafzai said here on Thursday.
He was addressing students and faculty at the George Washington University’s Global Women’s Institute (GWI) at the launch of a free, online resource guide for university classrooms based on I Am Malala, a book chronicling Malala’s efforts to promote girls education.
Mr. Yousafzai said though Malala’s story was that of only one family, it represented the story of 57 million out-of-school children across the world, half of whom live in conflict zones.
I Am Malala: A resource guide for educators has been launched by the University in collaboration with the Malala Fund and Little, Brown and Company and is aimed at inspiring young minds and starting a dialogue on the inability of millions of girls to go to school.
Focussing on the role of teachers and curriculum in shaping a child’s personality, Mr. Yousafzai said the attack on Malala was not an accident. “It has a long story behind it. And that is the story of Swat Valley where hundreds of schools have been shut down, girls’ education is banned and all sane voices stifled.'”
Mr. Yousafzai said the quality of education was equally important as there are institutions where youngsters are indoctrinated, something that needs to be stopped. “Education is something that gives immunity against all ills of society,'” he said.

Nokia looking to re-enter the handset marketGolf courses empty; bureaucrats have started working: Nadir Godrej
Don’t call it a comeback yet. But Nokia is thinking about how to revive its brand name in consumer markets just months after selling off its former flagship mobile phones business to Microsoft for more than $7 billion.
“I think you can expect our brand will return to the consumer world,” Nokia’s chief executive Rajeev Suri said on Friday when asked about rumours that the networks equipment maker was looking to re-enter the handset market.
Suri told investors at a presentation in London that his company will look to licensing the brand name to other firms rather than starting up a new handset business itself.
“We see brand licensing as an opportunity … But I would say it is more of a long-term opportunity,” Suri said of potential deals where other makers of consumer electronics might pay Nokia to use its brand on their products.
Another company executive on Friday pointed to Porsche Design as an example of the sort of brand-licensing deals Nokia might consider.
No deal is imminent but the Nokia brand could eventually appear on a range of electronics, not necessarily phones. “This is not a sentimentality thing,” Suri said.
Microsoft this week dropped the Nokia name on its latest Lumia 535 smartphone, having acquired the Nokia business back in April.
Nokia was once synonymous with mobile phones but the brand’s ranking sank to 98th this year among the world’s best known corporate names, down from fifth in 2007, according to a survey by market researcher Interbrand.
The slide came after first Apple Inc and then Samsung Electronics entered the smartphone market to successfully challenge the Finnish company’s decade of market leadership.
 
TAGS: Nokia
More from industry

F1 not chasing youth  says Bernie Ecclestone‘The youth cannot afford luxury watches, and is more interested in social media,’ said Ecclestone. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | London | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:04 am | Updated: November 18, 2014 9:55 am
Formula One would rather cater for rich over-70s than chase a younger generation that cannot afford luxury watches and is more interested in social media, says Bernie Ecclestone.
In a wide-ranging interview with Campaign Asia-Pacific magazine (campaignasia.com), the 84-year-old Briton said teenagers were uninterested in the sort of high end global sponsors his series was promoting.
“Young kids will see the Rolex (watch) brand but are they going to go and buy one? They can’t afford it. Or our other sponsor UBS — these kids don’t care about banking. They haven’t got enough money to put in the bloody banks anyway,” he said.
“Why do they want to do that? Is it to sell them something? Most of these kids haven’t got any money. I’d rather get to the 70-year-old guy who’s got plenty of cash. “So, there’s no point trying to reach these kids because they won’t buy any of the products here and if marketers are aiming at this audience, they maybe they should advertise with Disney.”
Ecclestone was also dismissive of efforts to widen Formula One’s demographic, with all the teams now employing social media specialists to raise their presence at a time when some television audiences are declining. Many drivers, not just those who made their debuts as teenagers but also the older ones, are also avid users of Twitter and other social platforms.
Caterham IS back
The Caterham Formula One team will race in next week’s Abu Dhabi season-ender despite still falling short of a targeted 2.35 million pounds ($3.7 million) to get them there, an administrator said.
A tally on crowdfunding website http://www.crowdcube.com showed the team, who have missed the last two races, had raised 1.87 million, or 79 percent of the target sum, with nine hours remaining.
Administrator Finbarr O’Connell, representing Smith & Williamson, said the team would be going anyway.
“We now head to Abu Dhabi ready to show what a hard-working and positive group of people this is and to hopefully secure a future for the team,” he said.

Abdullah s escape from Ganderbal trigger mess in ConferenceOmar Abdullah's escape from Ganderbal trigger a mess in the National Conference
Masood Hussain, ET Bureau Nov 15, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Akbar Lone
(Omar says he did not flee Ganderbal.…)
Congress' Mohammad Yusuf Bhat, one of 13 candidates in fray from Ganderbal is perhaps the newsiest political activist. With a modest Rs 1.10 crore of assets, he has listed "marriage of daughters" as his liabilities - candidates usually list debt under this head - in his mandatory affidavit to the Election Commission.
But Bhat's "liabilities" are beyond banks and his children. An Abdullah loyalist since the days of Sheikh Abdullah, Bhat was the de facto bridge between Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and the people of Ganderbal who elected him.
Ambitious to reach assembly, Bhat had tried every method when he was with the NC, and is even alleged to have bribed Haji Yousuf, a close aide of National Conference Chairperson Farooq Abdullah. And when he demanded the "investment" back, it became a major crisis in the party forcing, Omar one day, to call Haji to his home.
After that meeting, Omar handed over Haji to the state police's special crime investigation branch on September 29, 2011. Haji died the same night, allegedly of cardiac arrest, triggering a political storm and forcing a commission of enquiry.
Though Justice (retired) HS Bedi has already submitted his report, nobody knows its contents, barring a brief official statement that said the commission had absolved Omar of any charges. Even as Haji's son took the case to the Supreme Court, the characters of the sensational case changed their loyalties.
Raja Aijaz Ali, the inspector general of police (crime) at the time and who took Haji into custody, retired and is contesting on People's Democratic Party ticket from Uri. Salam Reshi, who too allegedly paid a bribe to Haji, defected to the PDP from the NC, while Bhat got the Congress mandate for Ganderbal, three hours after he joined the party.
"You can go and ask his ministers Akbar Lone and Mian Altaf who came to my house in the dead of the night and begged for my silence (on the bribe issue)," Bhat said on the side-lines of a small public meeting he held in a workers courtyard. "Had I opened my mouth, Omar's government would have crumbled."
Bhat may not win, but is sure to dent NC's prospects. "It was me who would send crowds for their (NC leaders) audience in Srinagar," Bhat said. "But they always treated us like cattle, handing us over from one generation to another and getting us nowhere."
Bhat was brought up in the NC and his problem now is to readjust to a new setup in which he has to negate everything he stood for until now. His past is now his biggest liability.
  KING'S CONSTITUENCY
Ganderbal has always remained in focus since the 1975 accord between former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi and Sheikh Abdullah. When the Congress decided to get the NC leader as the chief minister in a Congress dominated house, the requirement of managing a safe seat for the leader arose.
Mohammad Maqbool Bhat, a law returned-MLA, resigned from the Ganderbal seat and paved way for his election. Since then, Ganderbal has remained the "king's constituency" as it was always represented by the Abdullahs and considered a sort of political inheritance.
Sheikh Abdullah was elected from Ganderbal twice, in 1975 and 1977. After his death, son Farooq Abdullah contested and won from the constituency in 1983, 1987 and 1996. The third-generation Abdullah, Omar, lost from Ganderbal in his maiden attempt in 2002, but won in 2008 to become the chief minister.
After representing the seat for six times by the family, when Omar, seeking a re-election, chose Sonawar (Srinagar) and Beerwa (Budgam) instead of Ganderbal, it became major news.
VVIP constituencies face peculiar problems. As their representatives get entangled in larger responsibilities, they become inaccessible and the instant gate-keeping creates wedges. In the past six years, Omar appointed at least three people to stay in touch with his voters.
Apart from Bhat, Gulam Ahmad Saloora and Sheikh Ghulam Rasool, the state's former chief secretary pitch-forked to the house of elders, were given this responsibility. But those who represented Omar have deserted the party. Bhat is a Congressman, Saloora founded his own outfit to avenge his humiliation by the Abdullahs and Rasool joined the PDP.
The future of the NC in its bastion now rests on the fate and work of a former cop, Ishfaq Jabbar. Son of Sheikh Jabbar, one of the 14 MLAs who defected from Farooq Abdullah-led NC in 1984 and installed his brother-in-law Ghulam Mohammad Shah as chief minister, Ishfaq personally contested against Omar in 2008. Later he joined the NC.
VVIP CONSTITUENCY

Maha govt to approach SC on Maratha reservat...Maharashtra government to approach Supreme Court on Maratha reservations
PTI Nov 15, 2014, 12.47PM IST
("The state is fully supportive…)
MUMBAI: Maharashtra government today decided to approach Supreme Court after Bombay High Court stayed the move to grant 16 per cent reservation to Marathas in public service and educational institutions in the state.
The decision was taken at an all-party meeting chaired by Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis here.
"The state government today assured us that it will approach SC against the interim ruling of the HC," Shiv Sangram leader Vinayak Mete told reporters after the meeting. "The government will approach SC next week," he added.
The BJP government in the state will be behind Marathas and Muslims, Mete added.
Former Congress minister Naseem Khan who, too, attended the meeting, said, "The government will constitute an all- party committee on the issue of reservations for Marathas and Muslims.
"The state government is fully supportive of the Maratha quota. We will appeal in SC on the HC ruling. We will take measures to ensure that the quota remains," Fadnavis had said yesterday, reacting to the HC ruling.
"If the court has pointed out any discrepancy in the law, we will remove any lacunae in it during the winter session of the state legislature in Nagpur," the chief minister had said.
The high court yesterday stayed the implementation of the controversial decision of the erstwhile Congress-NCP government in Maharashtra to provide 16 per cent reservation to Marathas in government jobs and educational institutions announced ahead of the Assembly poll.
HC also stayed the decision to provide five per cent reservation to Muslims in government service but allowed quotas for them in educational institutions, citing "abysmally low" educational achievements and the need to draw the community into the "mainstream of secular education".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistan resorts to firing along IB in JammuYou are here: Home > Collections > Jammu
Pakistan resorts to firing along International Border in Jammu
PTI Nov 15, 2014, 02.55PM IST
Tags:
BSF
(Pakistani Rangers today…)
JAMMU: Pakistani Rangers today violated the ceasefire by resorting to brief firing along the International Border in Jammu district, forcing BSF troops to retaliate.
"The Pakistani troops resorted to few rounds of firing on forward Border Out Posts (BoPs) along IB in Arnia belt in Jammu district today," a senior BSF official said.
BSF troops retaliated briefly, he said, adding, there was no injury to anyone in the firing.
Earlier, Pakistani Rangers had violated ceasefire on Wednesday by resorting to brief small arms firing on Border Out Posts (BoPS) along IB in Jammu and Samba sectors.
As many as 11 people have been killed and over 90 others injured in shelling and firing by Pakistani troops during first fortnight of October, triggering migration of over 32,000 people from border areas of Jammu, Kathua, and Samba districts.
FEATURED ARTICLES

G20: Reform bound to face resistance  must be insulated from political pressures  says Narendra ModiFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
As he seeks to accelerate his economic reform drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said reform process is bound to face resistance and wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms, Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a Retreat here that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
A barbeque lunch was served to the G20 leaders.
“Reform is bound to face resistance… must be insulated from political pressures,” said Modi.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by “stealth”.
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Modi felt that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that governance methods must be reformed.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the prime minister said it must be technology driven and must have scale and address root causes..
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters yesterday that Prime Minister Abbott had specially requested Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.
TAGS: Economic Reforms G20 Summit Narendra Modi
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Suresh Raina to sit out for final ODI against SriLankaBy: Press Trust of India | Ranchi | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:06 pm
With the series already in pocket, the Indian team management has decided to rest senior batsman Suresh Raina for the fifth and final ODI, in Ranch on Saturday.
“For tomorrow’s game, we don’t have Suresh available,” India assistant coach Sanjay Bangar told reporters on the eve of their fifth ODI at the JSCA International Stadium Complex.
“He is being rested. Everybody else is available for selection from the squad we had in the last match (in Kolkata),” the assistant coach added.
Raina’s unavailability would mean that India would now have a 13-member squad and it’s quite likely that attacking Maharashtra batsman Kedar Jadhav will make his international debut.
“Obviously, the boys who have missed out or have not got an opportunity so far, will have a very good chance to play on Sunday. Everybody is getting opportunities more or less.”
Jadhav, who came into the limelight with a 29-ball 50 for Delhi Daredevils on his IPL debut, was seen having an extended session at the nets on Saturday and paying attention to head coach Duncan Fletcher.
Incidentally, the leading wicket-taker in the series, Umesh Yadav did not bowl at the three-hour net session on Saturday.
Yadav was seen throwing the ‘medicine ball’ to strengthen his back muscles and it’s likely that the India’s pace spearhead may make way for Karnataka seamer R Vinay Kumar in another likely change.
In another highlight of the day’s practice, Stuart Binny was seen opening the proceedings coming ahead of their regular top-order batsmen, as the India all-rounder looked quite focussed on the training session.
Binny, who claimed two wickets during the Eden Gardens win, also bowled for quite a long time before being given some stretching session by the physio.
In fact, stand-in skipper Virat Kohli was also absent along with Raina as Indians trained under coach Fletcher and his two assistants in Bangar and Bharati Arun in a relaxed manner.
Fresh from his world record 264 at Eden Gardens, Rohit Sharma was the last to pad up as he chose only to face gentle throw-downs from the thrower equipment, something that lasted for more than an hour.
Robin Uthappa, who has been in and out of the side despite his sizzling show with the Kolkata Knight Riders, was also seen going full guns at the practice session.
Uthappa batted in both the pace and spin bowling nets and then took throw-ins, something that lasted for more than an hour. Powered by Rohit’s world record knock, India set Sri Lanka 404 for five and went on to register a 153-run victory to take a 4-0 lead in five-ODI series.

Justin Bieber unfollows Selena Gomez onInstagramJustin Bieber unfollows Selena Gomez on Instagram (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:04 pm
Pop sensation Justin Bieber has unfollowed his on-and-off girlfriend Selena Gomez on Instagram.
The ‘Baby’ hitmaker took this step less than one week after the 22-year-old pop star opened up about her relationship with Bieber in a revealing interview with Ryan Seacrest, reported E!Online.
Earlier this week, fans began noticing that Bieber no longer follows Gomez on the photo-sharing site. Likewise, the brunette beauty does not follow her ex, and instead, limits her follow-backs to Gomez-centric fan sites.

Dubbed Telugu version of Vidiyum Munn to releasesoonVidiyum Munn features Pooja Umashankar and Malavika in the lead roles
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:57 pm
Debutant Balaji K Kumar-directed Tamil thriller ‘Vidiyum Munn’, which has been dubbed in Telugu as ‘Oka Ratrilo Iddarammayilu’, is being readied for release in the language soon.
“It’s an interesting film about a prostitute’s efforts to save a 12-year-old girl over the course of a night. We are planning to release the film in the last week of November or the first week of December, the film’s producer Altaf told IANS.
Inspired by British thriller ‘London to Brighton’, the film features Pooja Umashankar and Malavika in the lead roles, while Vinoth Kishan plays the antagonist.

Raina rested for final ODI against Sri LankaUpdated: November 15, 2014 16:21 IST
Raina rested for final ODI against Sri Lanka
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
Suresh Raina plays a shot during the first ODI agianst Sri Lanka in Cuttack. Raina has been rested for the final ODI in Ranchi on Sunday. Photo: K.R. Deepak
TOPICS
One-day cricket
With the series already in pocket, the Indian team management has decided to rest senior batsman Suresh Raina for the fifth and final ODI, in Ranchi on Sunday.
“For Sunday’s game, we don’t have Suresh available,” India assistant coach Sanjay Bangar told reporters on the eve of their fifth ODI at the JSCA International Stadium Complex here.
“He is being rested. Everybody else is available for selection from the squad we had in the last match (in Kolkata),” the assistant coach added.
Raina’s unavailability would mean that India would now have a 13-member squad and it’s quite likely that attacking Maharashtra batsman Kedar Jadhav will make his international debut.
“Obviously, the boys who have missed out or have not got an opportunity so far, will have a very good chance to play tomorrow. Everybody is getting opportunities more or less.”
Jadhav, who came into the limelight with a 29-ball 50 for Delhi Daredevils on his IPL debut, was seen having an extended session at the nets today and paying attention to head coach Duncan Fletcher.
Incidentally, the leading wicket-taker in the series, Umesh Yadav did not bowl at the three-hour net session on Saturday.
Yadav was seen throwing the ‘medicine ball’ to strengthen his back muscles and it’s likely that the India’s pace spearhead may make way for Karnataka seamer R Vinay Kumar in another likely change.
In another highlight of the day’s practice, Stuart Binny was seen opening the proceedings coming ahead of their regular top-order batsmen, as the India all-rounder looked quite focussed on the training session.
Binny, who claimed two wickets during the Eden Gardens win, also bowled for quite a long time before being given some stretching session by the physio.
In fact, stand-in skipper Virat Kohli was also absent along with Raina as Indians trained under coach Fletcher and his two assistants in Bangar and Bharat Arun in a relaxed manner.
Fresh from his world record 264 at Eden Gardens, Rohit Sharma was the last to pad up as he chose only to face gentle throw-downs from the thrower equipment, something that lasted for more than an hour.
Robin Uthappa, who has been in and out of the side despite his sizzling show with the Kolkata Knight Riders, was also seen going full guns at the practice session.
Uthappa batted in both the pace and spin bowling nets and then took throw-ins, something that lasted for more than an hour. Powered by Rohit’s world record knock, India set Sri Lanka 404 for five and went on to register a 153-run victory to take a 4-0 lead in five-ODI series.

Pakistan assures support for Afghan peace processUpdated: November 15, 2014 23:51 IST
Pakistan assures support for Afghan peace process
AP
AP
Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, right, with visiting Afghan President Ashraf Ghani in Islamabad on Saturday.
Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Saturday pledged his support to the Afghan President in his attempt to bring the Taliban to the negotiating table.
Mr. Sharif met Ashraf Ghani at his office in Islamabad. Mr. Ghani arrived in Pakistan on Friday for a two-day visit, seeking to repair a relationship between the two nations that was often tense in recent years.
Several weeks ago, Mr. Ghani invited the Taliban to join national reconciliation negotiations. On Saturday, Mr. Sharif backed Mr. Ghani’s initiative, but added that the process must be fully Afghan-led and Afghan owned.
“I reaffirmed that a peaceful, stable, united and prosperous Afghanistan is in Pakistan’s vital national interest,” Mr. Sharif said.
The new Afghan leader praised his Pakistani counterpart and called for the two nations to turn a new page in their relationship. “We must overcome the past,” Mr. Ghani said. “We will not permit the past to destroy the future.”
RELATED NEWS

Rahul demands probe into rat poison chemical in Chhattisgarh antibioticsCrossing the line: Mamata Banerjee takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language usage in political discourse.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

BCCI calls Emergent Working Committee meeting in Chennai on Nov 18BCCI calls emergent meeting on Nov 18, Srinivasan to attend
PTI
New Delhi, November 15, 2014
First Published: 16:02 IST(15/11/2014)
print
The BCCI has called an Emergent Working Committee Meeting on November 18 to discuss the scheduling of its Annual General Meeting which has been postponed by four weeks after President-in-exile N Srinivasan was named by the Supreme Court in the IPL spot-fixing scandal.
related stories
IPL fixing scam: Mudgal panel report clears Srinivasan; indicts Meiyappan, Raj Kundra
The AGM was originally scheduled for November 20 but has been postponed.
It is learnt that Srinivasan will attend the meeting as the chief of the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA) where the members of the all-powerful sub-committee of the Board will be apprised of the current situation in Chennai.
"The BCCI's lawyers will apprise the WC members of the situation and the legal implications. Obviously, for BCCI to announce a fresh date for the AGM, one needs to call a Working Committee Meeting. The AGM is now likely to be held in the third week of December," a BCCI official told PTI today.
Since the next hearing of the Supreme Court is on November 24, the BCCI decided to postpone its AGM -- primarily because majority of the members want the Tamil Nadu strongman to be in the clear as he is vying for a second term as BCCI president.
Yesterday, the Supreme Court named Srinivasan, his son-in-law Gurunath Meiyappan, Rajasthan Royals co-owner Raj Kundra, cricket administrator Sundar Raman, who were all probed by the Justice Mudgal committee. The top court said had it had found "some misdemeanour by certain persons" and indicted them in the IPL6 scam.
It also ordered that supply of relevant portions of the report to the four so that they can file their objections within four days of receipt of the report.
"Certain findings recorded by the Committee are understood to have indicted some individuals against whose conduct investigation has been conducted. The report also deals with the conduct of the players which are for the present held back," the bench said.
The court did not give details of the indictment or the misdemeanour or the persons who committed it.

Real Housewife  Teresa Giudice Cuts $500 000 From New Jersey Mansion Price
Kill Dil movie review: It begins badly  plods away the way it began and ends worsePrint
Kill Dil Movie Review: This isn't one of those films that slides after a promising start. This begins badly, plods away the way it began, and ends worse.
Written by Shubhra Gupta | New Delhi | Posted: November 14, 2014 1:30 pm | Updated: November 18, 2014 9:53 am
Kill Dil movie review
Star Cast: Ranveer Singh, Parineeti Chopra, Ali Zafar, Govinda
Director : Shaad Ali
Review Rating: half star
I’ve just got done with ‘Kill Dil’, and my heart is still in a state of arrest: how can you make a film with a bunch of actors who have proved they are capable of carrying a scene, and above all Govinda, which is such a dud?
This isn’t one of those films that slides after a promising start. This begins badly, plods away the way it began, and ends worse.  A street-side hood picks up a couple of babies from a ‘kachre ka dabba’, raises them to shoot sharp from mouth and barrel, and the boy gang rolls along merrily till it hits a roadblock: the plot is thinner than a wafer, and older than the hills. And the treatment makes you wonder if this one came from the same gang which gave us the frothy, fun ‘Bunty Aur Babli’.
Govinda, playing Bhaiyyaji the Goon, goes through the film slitting his eyes and growling his lines, and bantering with his henchmen.  Chief henchboys  Dev (Ranveer Singh) and Tutu (Ali Zafar) wear leather and wield guns, surrounded by standard Yashraj designer grunge. Then Dev runs into Disha (Parineeti Chopra), and sees the light.
Nothing rescues us, however. Because Govinda can dance, he’s given a couple of completely outlandish numbers. But there’s nothing in this that he can save with his still-deft moves. Ali Zafar’s familiar amiable self is hopelessly miscast. Ranveer Singh is given a part that allows him to shoot and scoot, things he can do with ease, and is partnered with Parineeti Chopra: the two are buried under despite their best efforts.
This has steadily and sadly become a Yashraj trademark, the studio that has given Hindi cinema so many of its beloved landmarks, this cannibalizing bits and pieces of its own films without being able to give us a story we can believe in. It’s  one thing to have an element or two which is exaggerated, it’s completely another to get through a full film with such few credible moments.
And ‘Kill Dil’ goes one better in the way it gets all its lead characters to spew cringe-inducing, crass dialogue.
Dear Yashraj, are you serious?
Half star

J&K floods: BJP blames Omar Abdullah govt for ignoring MET alertsMoS PMO Jitendra Singh with BJP National General Secretary Ram Madav (C), MP Jugal Kishore (L) addressing a press conference in Jammu on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Arun Sharma | Jammu | Posted: November 14, 2014 5:50 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 2:23 am
Launching an aggressive poll campaigning in J&K, MoS in the PMO Jitendra Singh on Friday released the BJP’s “charge-sheet”, accusing the Omar Abdullah government of ignoring repeated warnings by the Meteorological Department about impending floods, which eventually claimed more than 200 lives.
Reading from the four-page “chargesheet” which, according to him, was the first in a series, Singh said that the department had sent alerts to the state government for “five straight days before September 7, when devastating floods ravaged the historic Srinagar city”. At one point, the department even “went beyond its duty”, warning the government that continuous rains could “trigger flash floods and landslides and disrupt road and air transport”, he added.
“Though the department has no mandate to issue alerts about landslides and flash floods, the developing weather prompted it to go ahead with the warning,” he said, adding that “it was a difficult choice to make because such a warning could have triggered panic among the people”.
He said that “four days before Srinagar sank,” the MeT had on September 3 sent a “specific warning” to the government.
A copy of this warning was also sent to the Chief Engineer Mechanical Division, Srinagar, and other government departments, he said. Quoting sources in the MeT Department, Singh read that “whenever western disturbance and strong monsoon currents meet, it creates a strong system which has often led to floods in Kashmir in the past’’.

After the Boston Marathon bombings  the quiet toll of lingering hearing lossBy Abby Phillip November 14 Follow @abbydphillip
Terror at the finish line of the 2013 Boston Marathon. (Dan Lampariello/Reuters file)
On April 15, 2013, two homemade pressure-cooker bombs exploded within seconds of each other near the finish line of the Boston Marathon. Three people were killed, and hundreds more suffered serious injuries.
In the weeks and months that followed, the extent of those injuries was still being discovered. In addition to the unmistakable physical injuries, including limb damage and limb loss, many victims learned that ear damage and hearing loss were among the tragedy's lingering effects. Some realized days or weeks later that despite escaping other physical injuries, they were suffering from hearing problems.
Providing a rare look at civilian blast-related ear trauma, Harvard Medical School researchers studied the extent of the ear injuries suffered by Boston Marathon bombing victims. Their findings were published online Friday in the journal Otology & Neurotology .
The study looked at 94 people -- adults and children -- who presented themselves for treatment at hospitals and clinics in the Boston area on the day of the blast and in subsequent days or weeks.
Nearly all of them had good hearing quality before the explosions but suffered from potentially serious hearing problems after. Some of the damage, most commonly, ruptured ear drums.
Ear drum damage healed on its own in 38 percent of cases. Some victims underwent surgery or other therapies to treat the damage, and others suffered permanent damage.
"One important thing that we found was basically that if anyone had a more significant injury they were very likely to have an ear injury," said Alicia M. Quesnel, an otologic surgeon at Massachusetts Eye and Ear and Harvard Medical School, and one of the study's senior authors. "Anyone coming in for other injuries should really be screened for ear injuries."
For some people, the realization that they had lasting hearing problems didn't come until much later.
"I saw patients who were traumatized by what had just happened, and there was a lot going on emotionally," Quesnel said. "We were seeing people coming into the clinic in the days and weeks after the bombing. They realized that they can't hear very well."
"A bomb going off -- that loudness results in some temporary deafening. It may have taken people a few days or weeks to realize 'I can't hear from one ear or both ears.'"
Symptoms like dizziness also might have appeared some time after the blast. And others experienced debilitating tinnitus (a sensation of ringing noise in the ears) that still negatively affects them.
It is rare in the United States for there to be so many victims suffering from blast-related injuries in a civilian setting. Much of the existing research on the impact of blasts on the ear have focused on war-zone injuries, which are complicated by the fact that those individuals likely experienced many other blasts that would have contributed to ear damage over time.
Interestingly, while about half of the Boston cases involved patients who had been within 10 feet of the blasts, some people experienced ruptured ear drums as far away as 20 feet from the pressure-cooker bombs; others, who were as close as 5 feet, did not.
Some patients have what Quesnel calls "hidden hearing loss." They report problems hearing -- or that their hearing is now worse than it was before the bombings -- but basic hearing tests didn't pick up on a measurable problem.
They might be suffering from more sophisticated hearing problems that perhaps affect their ability to hear in loud rooms or in environments where there are competing noises.
In future studies, Quesnel said researchers plan to look more closely at the range of hearing damage patients experienced with more sophisticated tools, particularly those who may be suffering from "hidden hearing loss" that isn't picked up by standard testing.
"We'll be able to validate their symptoms with these other types of hearing tests," she said.
1 of 26

Lava Flow at Hawaii Trash Transfer Station StopsNew Drug for Lost Libido
Dec. 1, 2006
And how can we make it last?
Some people think oysters, chocolate and ginseng -- among other mythical things --are aphrodisiacs.
They are rich in nutrients and give energy, but no one has proven they give you passion.
Even the "little blue pill" Viagra just works on, shall we say, the plumbing -- it keeps the blood flowing in the right direction.
Now there's a drug in the pipeline that its makers say really will restore lost libido.
It's being tested and developed, in part, in a laboratory at Concordia University in Montreal by neuroscientist Jim Pfaus.
Full-time college professor, part-time punk rocker, Pfaus is using rats to test whether the new substance, bremelanotide (pronounced "BREE-ma-LAN-o-tide") -- or PT 141 -- triggers desire.
Rats stand in for humans, because, like people, they're social and they have a similar hypothalamus, the part of the brain that controls desire.
In his lab, Pfaus says he's finding that bremelanotide seems to put rats in the mood.
Given the peptide, female rats, he says, initiate sex four times more often than those who do not receive it.
And bremelanotide's makers are betting it will work the same way on both men and women.
"It brings back your libido," Pfaus said. "It doesn't make it something that it wasn't. It brings it back to where it probably was when you were having good sex."
From Tanner Enhancer to Sex Driver
Bremelanotide didn't start out as a drug for sexual dysfunction.
In fact, it was being developed as a tanning enhancer, until researchers noticed interesting side effects in the men involved in clinical trials.
"All treatments for sexual dysfunction, especially erectile dysfunction, have colorful stories about how they started," said Carl Spana, CEO of Palatin Technologies, which holds the patent on bremelanotide. "In this particular one, young college men were given this drug in a Phase 1 study and got spontaneous erections.
Spana hopes his company has stumbled on the holy grail of sexual dysfunction.
And how does bremelanotide work?
Spana says it activates parts of the brain that are involved in regulating normal sexual function.
He says other products on the market, such as Viagra, Cialis and Levitra, "work by affecting peripheral blood flow, [rather than] the central nervous system."
A First of a Kind for Women
Palatin Technologies, a biotech company in New Jersey, hopes to have bremelanotide on the market for men within a couple of years -- and for women shortly after that.
If approved, it would be the first drug sold in the United States to specifically target lack of sexual desire in women.
It's for those experiencing serious sexual problems -- women who've gone through menopause or had a hysterectomy, for instance, and lost desire as a result.
Michael Perelman, a New York City sex and marriage therapist, screened women for Palatin's human trials, and has kept an eye on the results.
"Some of the women put it in colorful language that I'm not comfortable using on television," Perelman told ABC News' "Nightline."
"But what was said was that, 'The quality of my orgasm was more the way it used to be, and I like that.' 'I had some thoughts about my husband.' 'I initiated sex with him for the first time even though I've thought about doing it for a long time.' Those were some of the things that they said," Perelman said.
Page

The 31 House Democrats that voted for the Keystone XL pipeline  mappedBy Philip Bump November 14 Follow @pbump
Members of the House of Representatives voted in favor of the controversial Keystone XL pipeline on Friday. The Senate could vote next week. (AP)
Thirty-one Democrats broke ranks with the rest of their caucus on Friday to vote in favor of approving the Keystone XL pipeline, a project that would shunt a type of oil from Alberta, Canada, to the Gulf Coast.
What's particularly interesting about the votes is how they were distributed. One might expect members of Congress from regions near the construction route (Montana to Nebraska, essentially) to offer their support -- but as you might expect, there aren't a lot of Democrats in that stretch. Instead, it's mostly a mix of Southern Democrats and Democrats in contested districts. (The latter of which shouldn't come as a surprise, given that it's primarily a topic of conversation to try and save embattled Louisiana Democrat Sen. Mary Landrieu .)
There are a few safe Democrats in blue states in the mix, like Rep. Albio Sires (D-N.J.). (Sires has supported the pipeline since the beginning.)
A full list of the representatives is at the bottom of this post, along with their districts' Partisan Voting Index scores .
It's not all politics. One of the rationales for approval offered by Landrieu from the floor of the Senate earlier this week was that shipping oil by pipeline was more environmentally friendly than shipping it by truck or train, given the frequency with which the latter methods can cause spills from accidents or derailments. Earlier this year, Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney -- one of the New York Democrats who backed Keystone XL -- introduced a bill focused on railway oil shipments after a series of derailments near his district.
On Thursday, the Energy Information Administration noted that rail shipments of oil were up 13 percent in October of this year versus last. That's largely due to the expansion of drilling in the Montana/North Dakota region. Keystone XL would transport oil from that region , too.
Why, then, do so many Democrats oppose the pipeline? Simply put, because of climate change. The project may be critical to making possible extraction of oil from Alberta's oil sands deposits. That means more oil burned, creating more greenhouse gases. (Tar sands oil is also more carbon-intensive while being produced.)
It's an interesting political calculus, but one that largely doesn't affect the future of the pipeline. As it always has, the final decision will rest with the president . How he balances the considerations at play remains to be determined.
House Democrats who backed Keystone
Terri Sewell (D, AL-07) PVI Index: D+20
Patrick Murphy (D, FL-18) PVI Index: R+3
Sanford Bishop (D, GA-02) PVI Index: D+6
John Barrow (D, GA-12) PVI Index: R+9
David Scott (D, GA-13) PVI Index: D+16
Dave Loebsack (D, IA-02) PVI Index: D+4
Dan Lipinski (D, IL-03) PVI Index: D+5
Cedric Richmond (D, LA-02) PVI Index: D+23
Tim Walz (D, MN-01) PVI Index: R+1
Collin Peterson (D, MN-07) PVI Index: R+6
Rick Nolan (D, MN-08) PVI Index: D+1
Bennie Thompson (D, MS-02) PVI Index: D+13
Mike McIntyre (D, NC-07) PVI Index: R+12
Donald Norcross (D, NJ-01) PVI Index: D+13
Albio Sires (D, NJ-08) PVI Index: D+24
Carolyn McCarthy (D, NY-04) PVI Index: D+3
Sean Patrick Maloney (D, NY-18) PVI Index: R+0
Bill Owens (D, NY-21) PVI Index: R+0
Robert Brady (D, PA-01) PVI Index: D+28
Mike Doyle (D, PA-14) PVI Index: D+15
Jim Clyburn (D, SC-06) PVI Index: D+21
Jim Cooper (D, TN-05) PVI Index: D+5
Al Green (D, TX-09) PVI Index: D+25
Rubén Hinojosa (D, TX-15) PVI Index: D+5
Sheila Jackson-Lee (D, TX-18) PVI Index: D+24
Henry Cuellar (D, TX-28) PVI Index: D+7
Gene Green (D, TX-29) PVI Index: D+12
Marc Veasey (D, TX-33) PVI Index: D+18
Filemon Vela (D, TX-34) PVI Index: D+8
Jim Matheson (D, UT-04) PVI Index: R+16
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He is based in New York City.

US-led strikes hit Islamic State  al Qaeda-linked group in SyriaUS-led air strikes continued to target Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq in recent days.
By: Reuters | Washington | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:00 am
US-led air strikes continued to target Islamic State militants in Syria and Iraq in recent days, as well as an al Qaeda-linked group known as the Khorasan Group, US Central Command said in a statement on Friday.
From Wednesday to Friday, the United States and its allies conducted 19 air strikes against Islamic State in Syria and 16 strikes against the militant group in Iraq, according to Central Command.
They also conducted one strike against the Khorasan Group in Syria, it said.

Repatriation of black money key priority: PMRepatriation of black money key priority, says PM Modi at BRICS
IANS     Brisbane   Last Updated: November 15, 2014  | 10:20 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said the repatriation of black money kept abroad was a key priority and called for "close coordination" on the issue during an informal meeting of the five-nation BRICS leaders in Brisbane.
The prime minister told the leaders of Brazil, Russia, China and South Africa that "repatriation of unaccounted money kept abroad is a key priority for us", according to tweets posted by the external affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.
"At BRICS meet ahead of G-20 PM @narendramodi calls for 'close coordination on unaccounted money kept abroad'. "Unaccounted money abroad is also linked to security challenges - PM @narendramodi ahead of G20 Summit in Brisbane," said the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) tweet.
In his departure statement on November 11 before leaving on his tour to Myanmar, Australia and Fiji, the prime minister had said that he will highlight the importance of global cooperation against black money at the G20.
During the informal meeting of BRICS, the prime minister interacted with the leaders of the bloc.
He warmly shook hands with Brazil's Dilma Rousseff, who won a tough re-election last month, smiled and chatted with Russian President Vladimir Putin who is slated to come to New Delhi next month for the annual summit, and also met Chinese President Xi Jinping , who came to India in September.
Later the five leaders linked hands for a photo. The BRICS accounts for over 40 per cent of the global population and has a combined GDP of $24 trillion. The summit was held July 15 in Fortaleza, Brazil, where Modi had interacted with the leaders for the first time.

Kashmir missing from Indian map at Australian varsity event for ModiUpdated: November 15, 2014 02:51 IST
Kashmir missing from Indian map at Australian varsity event for Modi
PTI
Tweet
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi poses for a photo with students during a visit to Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane, Australia on Friday.
TOPICS
India
Varsity apologises for map mistake
Queensland University of Technology (QUT) on Friday night apologised for displaying a distorted map of India during an event attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi here.
The Indian map displayed during the event had Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, which India lays claim to and is part of the official Indian map, missing, prompting a strong protest by Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh.
. @harikshn @PMOIndia @narendramodi They erred and have given an unqualified apology for error.
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) November 14, 2014
Asserting that the Government takes the issue of distortion of maps of India “seriously”, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, “India’s Foreign Secretary raised the issue strongly and received an unqualified apology.”
He also said the scientists and staff at the QUT apparently did not realise the cartographic error.

The IT ghost towns on OMRUpdated: November 14, 2014 19:12 IST
The IT ghost towns on OMR
Vishal Menon
Tweet
The Hindu
The Ascendas IT Park Taramani, along the OMR. Buildings and tech parks built to serve the IT boom remain largely vacant today. Photo: M. Karunakaran
INFOGRAPHIC
real estate
Buildings and tech parks built to serve the IT boom remain largely vacant today. Developers tell Vishal Menon how these buildings can be converted profitably
In March 2011, the central government ended the Software Technology Parks of India (STPI) scheme, which extended incentives and tax holidays to IT companies.
As a result, the last three years have seen an exodus of sorts with smaller IT firms (now forced to pay taxes up to 30 per cent) quitting the scene. This means that several buildings and IT parks built along the OMR during the scheme are now lying vacant.
Realty consultancy Knight Frank estimates about 4 million sq. ft of vacant space along the OMR, indicating vacancy levels of 18 to 20 per cent.
Builders believe that these vacant spaces can be converted into income-generating buildings. “Allowing these spaces to be used by non-IT commercial units could be a solution. During the STPI scheme, builders were allowed higher FSIs (floor space index) and given permission to build high-rises if they were for IT/ITES use.
These were incentives given to them to build high quality buildings even when the construction costs were higher than those for commercial or residential spaces,” says R. Kumar, Navins Housing.
Although the government is allowing the buildings to be converted for other commercial use, it is demanding a fee towards the extra FSI. “In Mumbai, builders were given similar extra FSI in erstwhile IT buildings but when there were no takers, the government took away the extra fee for conversion. The spaces were absorbed by the banking and finance sector. That could work here too,” says Prakash Challa, SSPDL. As of now, the rent for IT buildings that lie before the toll gate (from Taramani to Perungudi) is around Rs. 40 per sq. ft, while beyond Perungudi, rentals range from Rs. 22 to Rs. 30 per sq. ft.
One of the other proposals from the government is to allow these spaces to be converted into Special Economic Zones, which it says could ease the pressure off developers. However, P.B Balaji, Chennai-based real estate lawyer, questions the move. “Such a conversion would fall under the Special Economic Zone Act, which comes with a large number of specifications, which most of these IT buildings will be unable to fulfil. The process would take even longer than waiting for the IT industry to revive, if at all,” explains.
When neighbouring Hyderabad and Bangalore have attracted multi-million dollar office absorption from non-IT firms such as Deloitte and Flipkart, developers are asking why Chennai is lagging behind. “The government has mooted a ‘financial city’ with new buildings to attract non-IT investment, but won’t converting these large vacant spaces be ideal instead?” asks Kumar. “It will bring in a lot of income to the State and the benefits will also be passed on to the residential sector on OMR,” he points out.
Ashwin Kamdar, CMD, Prince Foundation, has a different view: “I don’t believe this is a solution. The other sectors are not in great shape either and this would only cause oversupply again. The IT buildings have large floor plates of 40,000 sq.ft or more, which is more than what most commercial companies are looking for. Apart from commercial use, I suggest demolishing them and converting them into residential spaces. IT buildings work on return on investment (RoI), and the prevailing Rs. 20 per sq. ft post-toll gate can only yield Rs. 2,800 per sq. ft whereas residential spaces sell for Rs. 6,000 per sq. ft, which is more viable than waiting for an IT revival.”
Either way, it is time the government came up with a viable and practical way to use the huge developments that are lying vacant on OMR.

Kunal Ghosh again demands arrest of Saradha scam  guiltyKunal Ghosh again demands arrest of Saradha scam 'guilty'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, November 15, 2014
First Published: 12:52 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 15:53 IST(15/11/2014)
Comments
Stealing a comment while he was being taken to a nearby facility for tests on Saturday morning, Rajya Sabha MP Kunal Ghosh again demanded that those 'guilty' in the Saradha scam should first be arrested.
"Ask them to first arrest those who are 'guilty'," Ghosh managed to throw the comment to a crowd of mediamen who thronged the SSKM hospital premises.
He said it around 11:30 when he was shifted to Bangur Institute of Neurology adjacent to SSKM Hospital.
Dressed in a green hospital robe and the oxygen tube dangling from his nose, Ghosh was taken away before he could say anything else.
On the way back from Bangur Institute of Neurology to SSKM Hospital, policemen pushed and shoved the patient as well as journalists to prevent Ghosh from making further comments to the media.
As Ghosh came out from the ambulance, he tried to stand to speak to the mediamen, but policemen pulled him away, and kept pushing him till he was inside the hospital building.
Ghosh was brought to SSKM Hospital from a high security solitary confinement cell of Presidency central jail where he consumed 26 sedatives .
Significantly, Ghosh has been consistently demanding that he was being made to be a sacrificial lamb in the scam, while the influential and the powerful (read top Trinamool Congress leaders) were roaming around freely.
Watch: Kunal Ghosh demands arrest of the 'guilty' again amidst police-media clash
Forty-six year old Ghosh, suspended from the party in September 2013, has been behind bars since November last year. Only on November 10 this year (Monday) did he tell the city sessions court that he will end his life if those whose names surfaced during the Saradha scam probe were not arrested within three days.
 
Just four days ago, the MP threatened to commit suicide in the city sessions court. "If I am kept behind the bars and those whose names have surfaced in the Saradha scam not arrested in three days, I will commit suicide, Ghosh told the court on November 10," he said in the court.
In October CBI filed its first charge sheet in a city court where it found Kunal Ghosh guilty apart from Saradha chairman Sudipta Sen and executive director Debjani Mukherjee.
During a hearing before the Durga Puja, Ghosh remarked in a court that he was being wrongfully kept behind the bars while bigger beneficiaries of the scam were busy inaugurating community Durga Pujas.

Maha govt to approach SC on Maratha reservationsCrossing the line: Mamata Banerjee takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language usage in political discourse.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Amid doubts  Obama seeks to reinvigorate Asi...Amid doubts, US President Barack Obama seeks to reinvigorate Asia ties
AP Nov 15, 2014, 02.57PM IST
Tags:
Asia-Pacific tour President
(Obama insisted that skeptics…)
BRISBANE: Closing out his Asia-Pacific tour, President Barack Obama called on Asia-Pacific nations to join the US in confronting big global challenges, from climate change and poverty to violent extremism.
Speaking to university students in Australia, Obama insisted that skeptics who discount his efforts to strengthen US engagement in the region are overlooking his successes and underestimating opportunities that remain in his final two years in office.
Obama's speech formed the capstone of a week-long trip to China, Myanmar and Australia, where he sought to reinvigorate ties to a region he's made central to his foreign policy.
Leaders in Asia question whether that effort has been more talk than action. But Obama says the US is working every day to make American power a positive presence in the region.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Philae comet lander may communicate again  say scientistsComet lander shuts down as batteries go flat after sending data
Reuters
print
A pioneering robotic spacecraft shut down on Saturday after radioing results of its first and probably last batch of scientific experiments from the surface of a comet, scientists said.
Batteries aboard the European Space Agency's Philae comet lander drained, shutting down the washing machine-sized probe after an adventurous and largely unscripted 57-hour mission.
Carried aboard the orbiting Rosetta mothership, Philae floated to the surface of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko on Thursday, but failed to deploy anchoring harpoons.
Upon contacting the comet's unexpectedly hard surface, it bounced back up into space twice then came to rest at a still-unknown location about 1 km (0.6 mile) from its original target.
Photos and other data relayed by Philae show it finally landed against a cliff or crater wall where there was little sunlight to recharge its batteries.
Racing against the clock, scientists activated a series of automated experiments, the first to be conducted from the surface of a comet.
Before dying, Philae defied the odds and radioed its science results back to Earth for analysis.
Its last task was to reposition itself so that as the comet soars towards the sun, Philae's batteries may recharge enough for a follow-on mission.  
 "Perhaps when we are nearer to the sun we might have enough solar illumination to wake up the lander and re-establish communication," spacecraft operations manager Stephan Ulamec said in a statement.
Scientists are particularly interested in learning about the chemical composition of any organic molecules in samples drilled out from the comet's body.
Comets are believed to be pristine remnants from the formation of our solar system some 4.6 billion years ago. They contain rock and ice that have preserved ancient organic molecules like a time capsule and may provide insight into how the planets and life evolved.
Philae's drill descended more than 25 cm (10 inches) on Friday, penetrating the comet's surface.
Rosetta in August became the first spacecraft to put itself into orbit around a comet. It will accompany the comet as it travels towards the sun for at least another 13 months.

Chhattisgarh sterilisation deaths: Rat poison chemical found in pillsComments
Antibiotics tainted with a chemical used in rat poison may have caused the death of 13 women at a government sterilization camp in Chhattisgarh this week, officials suggested Friday after preliminary testing of the drugs.
Women who underwent botched sterilisation surgeries at a government mass sterilisation 'camp' receive treatment at a district hospital in Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh. (Reuters Photo)
An analysis of the antibiotic tablet Ciprofloxacin 500 revealed the medicine was adulterated with zinc phosphide, a chemical used in rat poison.
The drug had been seized from Raipur-based pharmaceutical company Mahawar Pharma on Thursday and has been sent for further tests.
Officials said a significant quantity of burnt medicines was found on the premises.
The symptoms shown by the women who became unwell after undergoing botched sterilizations is similar to how the body reacts to zinc phosphide, doctors in Bilaspur said.
After the surgery, the women had complained of nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain. The 13 died of cardiac arrest, kidney failure and respiratory breakdown. “Such a chemical results in high mortality,” health officials stated.
“We have conducted raids across the state and seized over 43 lakh similar tablets prepared by Mahawar Pharma,” Bilaspur commissioner Sonmoni Borah told HT.
Mahawar Pharma director Ramesh Mahawar and his son Sumit were arrested by Raipur police on Friday.

Saina Nehwal  Srikanth storm into summit clash of China OpenCrossing the line: Mamata Banerjee takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language usage in political discourse.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Used to wear clothes my mother dug out of yard sales: JenniferLawrenceBy: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:19 pm
Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence has revealed that she hated dressing up for red carpets. Lawrence, 24, who always stunned on the red carpet, said she she wasn’t always into the glamour, reported People magazine.
“I hated dressing up for my first red carpets, because I never felt comfortable in these glamorous dresses. “In Louisville, when I was a child, I inherited clothes from my two older brothers (Ben and Blaine) that I put together with things that my mother dug out of yard sales.
“I was a true tomboy,” she said. Lawrence is currently the face of high-end fashion brand Dior.

CM Manohar Lal Khattar appeals to Sant Rampal: Present yourself before court in peacefulmannerWomen followers sheild the Satlok Ashram of Sant Ram Pal in Hisar on Wednesday after the news of police approaching it. (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | Chandigarh | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:17 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 4:29 am
AS the deadline for Sant Rampal to be present in the Punjab and Haryana HC approaches, Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar Saturday appealed to the self-styled godman to present himself before the court in a “peaceful manner”.
“In a democratic system, one must give utmost priority to uphold the dignity of the judicial system. I appeal to Baba Rampal to present himself before the court in a peaceful manner,” the CM said. He also appealed to Rampal’s followers to cooperate.
The HC had issued non-bailable warrants against Rampal, who is wanted in a contempt case, and had asked the police to produce him on or before November 17.
Meanwhile, the police have begun beefing up security around the Satlok Ashram in Hisar district’s Barwala town, where Rampal has taken refuge.

Jennifer Aniston finds life post-40 morefunBy: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:15 pm
Former ‘Friends’ star Jennifer Aniston has revealed that she has had far more fun since turning 40, five years ago.
Aniston, now 45, said she has been in a much better place since hitting the milestone, which is something she credits to her career, friends, and relationship with fiance Justin Theroux, reported Contactmusic.
“I’ve had more fun post-40 than I can remember. From a work point of view, a physical point of view, a psychotherapeutic point of view,” she said. The actress was previously married to fellow actor Brad Pitt for five years until their separation in 2005.

Benedict Cumberbatch to be honoured at British FilmAwardsBy: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:11 pm
‘Sherlock’ star Benedict Cumberbatch will be honoured at thr British Independent Film Awards (BIFAs) in December this year.
Cumberbatch, 38, will receive the Variety award at the London prizegiving for helping ‘focus the international spotlight on the UK’ in addition to his Best Actor nomination for his role in ‘The Imitation Game’, reported the Daily Express.
“I am delighted to receive this prestigious award and would like to thank Variety and The Moet British Independent Film Awards for this incredible honour… It is made even more special by the recognition of The Imitation Game in this year’s nominations, a film I am very proud to be a part of,” the actor said.
Previous recipients of the award include Michael Caine, Dame Helen Mirren and Jude Law.

Each UP district to have an advanced ambulance  Centre sanctions Rs 12 crore underNHMPrint
Written by Hamza Khan | Lucknow | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:09 pm
After the success of ‘108’ and ‘102’ ambulance services in Uttar Pradesh, the Central government has sanctioned Rs 12 crore under the National Health Mission (NHM) to start an Advanced Life Support Ambulance (ALSA) service in all 75 districts of the state for the first time.
“These ambulances, each costing about Rs 16 lakh, will be equipped with high-end equipments and would cater to transport of critical patients over long distances,” said Arvind Kumar, principal secretary of the state Medical, Health and Family Welfare Department.
Two cardiac ambulances have also been sanctioned to cater specifically to cardiac patients, Kumar said. Currently, the ‘108’ ambulance service, launched in September 2012, has a total fleet of 988 ambulances and caters to general medical emergencies. Then in January this year, the government launched a separate scheme of ‘102’ ambulance service for pregnant women and neonates, wherein about 1400 ambulances have been launched of the targeted 1,972.
However, these two services, with each ambulance costing around Rs 5.5 lakh to Rs 6.5 lakh, provide only basic life support systems which are used to transport patients to the nearest hospital, depending upon the nature of the requirement. In contrast, the ALSAs will be provided with ventilators, defibulators, and other equipments that can transport critical patients, like that of cardiac arrest, over long distances.
The operation cost of each ALSA ambulance will be about Rs 1 lakh a month, which will be shared between the Centre and the state in the ratio of 3:2 and the Centre has sanctioned Rs 1.80 crore under operation costs. An official said that tenders will soon be floated for the ambulance services.

Odisha CM hopes Posco project will be back o...You are here: Home > Collections > Posco-india
Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik hopes Posco project will be back on track
IANS Nov 15, 2014, 04.02PM IST
(PM had assured South Korean…)
BHUBANESWAR: Even as South Korean company Posco's $12 billion steel project, proposed to be set up at Jagatsinghpur, is yet to see the light of the day after nine years, Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik Saturday hoped that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's assurance would put the much delayed project on track.
"I think the big project problems including Posco will be sorted out. Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke to South Korean President to put Posco under quick path," said the Chief Minister while attending an event here.
Adding that large investment projects have come to the state in the last decade, Patnaik said that the government is doing its best to sort out the environment and rehabilitation problems to initiate the large projects in the state.
He also said that Odisha has abundance of minerals, which offers a huge potential for industrialization through establishment of heavy industry and the consequent ancillary and downstream industries.
Prime Minister Modi had assured South Korean President Park Geun-hye at Myanmar that the government would offer full support for the establishment of the mega steel plant proposed by Posco in Odisha.
"With regard to the Posco project, he (Modi) expressed his full support for it and said he would make efforts with the Odisha state government to resolve any outstanding issues," said a statement issued by the Korean government website Nov 13.
Both the leaders met at the Korea-India summit, organised on the sidelines of the ASEAN Summit, held at Nay Pyi Taw, Myanmar.
Taking note of the delay in addressing the issue of the right to mine exploration, which is key to Posco-India's commencing of the construction of a steel plant in Odisha, President Park requested the Prime Minister to look into the matter.
Recently, the Odisha government sent in a recommendation for a prospecting license (PL) in favour of Posco India to mine in the Khandadhar iron ore reserve in Sundargarh district of Odisha.
This was the third time the state government sent in a recommendation to the Centre after the latter had rejected it previously, seeking more clarifications before it allocates mines.
This time, the state government has sent in a revised recommendation, requesting the Centre to grant PL for a notified area of 2,083 hectares in Khandadhar iron ore deposit area, instead of the earlier proposal of 2,500 hectares.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bio-drone that self-destructs behind enemy linesprint
Nasa scientists have invented a bio-degradable drone made of fungus, bacteria and wasp saliva that would self-destruct if it crashes in an enemy territory to avoid detection.
The main body of the drone is composed of bio-degradable plastic made from a fungal material called mycelium.
After the main body was produced, the outer skin had to be made out of bacterial cellulose sheets, which were grown in a laboratory and takes on a sticky, leathery type consistency. It was then waterproofed, but this still had to allow for its immediate bio-degradability.
The solution was to coat the device in proteins, which had been cloned from paper wasps' saliva - the material they use to gel their nests together and waterproof them.
The drone would simply melt away the moment it crashed.
"No one would know if you have spilled some sugar water or if there had been an airplane there," Lynn Rothschild from NASA's Ames Research Center in California was quoted as saying in a New Scientist report.
The propellers, batteries and controls had to be separately sourced as "these are parts that cannot be replaced by biology", added Raman Nelakanti from the Stanford University in the US.
The drone completed its maiden flight at the International Genetically Engineered Machine competition in Boston, Massachusetts, recently.

I have no plans to direct: ShridharRaghavanShridhar Raghavan: I get a lot of joy in writing... it's my passion.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:32 pm
Writer Shridhar Raghavan, who has written scripts for films like ‘Khakee’ and ‘Dum Maaro Dum’, says he will never get into direction unlike many of his counterparts.
“I get a lot of joy in writing… it’s my passion. I know most of the writers eventually want to direct films but I have no such plans. I am extremely happy writing,” Raghavan told IANS.
The writer, who also scripted the 2005 film ‘Bluffmaster’, is open to writing in different languages.
“I am perfectly fine writing films in any language be it in Hindi, Tamil or Malyalam. As long as I am writing I am enjoying. The medium or the language is not important for me,” he said.

Corsair K70 RGB gaming keyboard review: Great trophy value forgamersAt Rs 14,500, the Corsair K780 RGB mechanical keyboard has great trophy value for gamers.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:28 pm
Gamers don’t mind spending a little bit, or even a lot extra if it helps them kill a few more zombies or survive a battle a longer. That is why there is a huge market for niche gaming accessories from precision mouses to keyboard and headset. And Corsair is one of the top names in this business. The latest launch from Corsair is the K70 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard.
Design
The K70 is built for action and is heavier than your average keyboard, much heavier. That is because this one has an anodised, brushed aluminum chassis. Even the long double USB cable connectors are covered by braided fabric giving it a professional feel. The keyboard comes with an extra rubberised wrist rest which comes in handy when you are playing long winding strategy games. The tactile keys are contoured to give the best experience and there are extra keys for Mute and multi-media controls.
There is well-crafted volume roller, which I mistook first to be something else. The extra USB connector has been added for users who will need extra power for the keyboard while using USB 2.0. For users with USB 3.0 the extra cord will have to dangle needlessly.
Customisation
The keyboard comes with so many customisation options that it will take a full sheet to write just that. But let us be clear about one thing, this is not for dummies. You need to download the K70 firmware to get started with the all RGB lighting fun on the keyboard. It could be a bit too much for the average user. While the backlighting can be changed according to your preference, key by key if needed, the average non-gaming user can can play around with the brightness controls of the backlighting.
The mature user can use the Corsair utility dashboard to customise how each key lights up on the keyboard, though I am not sure having each key in a different colour would be of much use, even for gamers. However, the dashboard is super easy to use, even for dummies, and lets you select a key and assign a colour for it. You can save different lighting combinations and switch back and forth as needed. There are even YouTube videos of guys implementing a wave effect on the keys using the dashboard. All great fun, but not for me.
Even the keystroke speed can be customised and you better keep it in the mid range as the keys are too sensitive for regular use otherwise.
Performance
There is no doubt that the K70 RGB is among the best keyboards money can buy, even if you are not a gamer. While it takes a few minutes adjust your fingers to the amount to travel and response a mechanical keyboard can give, it gives you immense pleasure to type on it after that initial period. The keys are extra sensitive and even the slightest brush on another key results in a stroke. So you typing accuracy will be all over the place in the first few days. But this is not an issue with gamers. I did not tend to imply that they don’t type much, but that gamers have limited or no use for the rest of the keys. And they have no issue of accuracy with the dozen odd keys that matter.
Verdict
At Rs 14,500, the K780 RGB has great trophy value for gamers who have the money to buy it and the time to sit and configure the lighting effects on their keyboard. I am not so sure about the others.

Kristen Stewart bonds well with JulianneMooreKristen Stewart on Julianne Moore: I've known her for a number of years (because) I worked with her husband (Bart Freundlich). (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:26 pm
‘Twilight’ star Kristen Stewart says she knew Julianne Moore way before they filmed their new indie drama ‘Still Alice’. Stewart said she was very young when Moore’s husband Bart Freundlich directed her in a 2004 crime comedy ‘Catch The Kid’, reported E!Online.
“I’ve known her for a number of years (because) I worked with her husband (Bart Freundlich) on a movie that I did when I was really little called ‘Catch That Kid’,” she said. In ‘Still Alice’, Stewart, 24, plays the daughter of a woman with Alzheimer’s, played by Moore.
“Everyone always says that you want to work with people that you truly have a connection with, but it doesn’t always happen. “That’s the kind of stuff that I really go after when I know that I could play her daughter because it’s not a stretch. It’s something that is so very much in us. The story is powerful and sad and scary, so I was very comfortable jumping into that with her.”

India developing new laser devices to comba...India developing new laser devices to combat cancer: Scientist
By PTI | 15 Nov, 2014, 04.46PM IST
0
Share More
Scientists from the Naval Physical and Oceanographic Laboratory (NPOL) highlighted the use of laser devices in developing defence equipment. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
KOCHI: India is making major strides in developing laser technology that will revolutionise treatment of cancer and open up new vistas in the field of communication technology, Dr B N Jagtap, Senior Scientist and Director of Chemistry group at Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, has said.
"We are doing research on new laser applications in the field of photo dynamic therapy for treating cancers. The Radiation & Photochemistry Division of BARC has been doing research in developing applications in energy, material, health and environment," Dr Jagtap said.
He was speaking at the three-day national workshop on 'Recent Advances in Lasers for Communication, Signal and Material Processing' which concluded at the Toc-H Institute of Science and Technology (TIST), Arakkunnam, yesterday.
Scientists from the Naval Physical and Oceanographic Laboratory (NPOL), who spoke at the workshop, highlighted the use of laser devices in developing defence equipment, applications of lasers in sensing and communication and the challenges faced in the development and manufacturing of laser devices.
Toc H President C S Varghese, Founder Director Dr K Varghese, Principal Dr D Vincent H Wilson also addressed the workshop, organised by the Department of Electronics & Communication Engineering, TIST, in association with the International School of Photonics of Cochin University of Science and Technology and the Photonics Society of India.

RBI to come out with guidelines for payment banks soonUpdated: November 13, 2014 23:45 IST
RBI to come out with guidelines for payment banks soon
Oommen A. Ninan
banking
Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan on Thursday, said that guidelines on payment banks and small finance banks would be issued soon.
Delivering the keynote address at the National Microfinance Conclave organised by NABARD, he said “We visualise mobile companies but also companies with large rural presence, shops, kiosks, the post office coming into these payments bank licences. The guidelines are currently with the government for comments.”
Similarly, “we expect to licence small finance banks. Now this evolved a little bit since we put out the guidelines for comments. One of the suggestions was instead of having local area banks effectively...we should allow the possibility of all India small finance banks.
The idea is this would be all India institutions, they would be allowed to take deposits, they would (give) loans predominantly to small entities,” he said.
This licence would offer an avenue for successful MFIs to migrate towards a banking licence without affecting the core business of working with small and the excluded.
According to him, a couple of things that have happened in last few years are over the long run are detrimental to flow of credit. One is broad-based interest subvention.

The Amazing  Disappearing Bank Branches
Blackbird Chris PiccoHeartbreaking Video Shows Chris Picco Singing 'Blackbird' to His Dying Son
Nov 14, 2014, 8:24 AM ET
Musician Chris Picco performs "Blackbird" by the Beatles for his son Lennon in a video clip posted to YouTube, titled "Blackbird with Lennon."
K.C. Hohensee/YouTube
Musician Chris Picco's guitar echoes above the adjacent incubator, blending in some soothing chords amid the sadness.
“Blackbird fly, into the light of the dark black night/You were only waiting for this moment to arise,” he sings on a video clip, performing “Blackbird” by the Beatles , his most intimate performance.
Something had gone wrong during his wife, Ashley Picco’s, pregnancy.
The Loma Linda, California, couple’s baby boy, Lennon James Picco, was delivered by emergency C-section at 24 weeks on Nov. 8 and his mother, Ashley Picco, died the same day.
Lennon -- yes, the name was inspired by the musician -- faced his own obstacles because of oxygen deprivation.
During the pregnancy, Ashley would tell Chris how the baby would move around while they listened to music, he said. Additionally, Chris Picco had hoped to pass his love of music onto his son. Facing so much helplessness, Picco turned to music, performing songs as the incubator whirred and beeped.
"So I thought, I'm going to get my guitar. Ashley would want me to sing to my son and play to my son," he told ABC News station KABC in Los Angeles .
Lennon died on Nov. 11, dressed in an outfit featuring little guitars.
A friend of Picco’s uploaded a video clip online of the father playing “Blackbird” to his son, a gentle, tear-jerking tribute that has drawn worldwide attention and sympathy, with more than 5 million views.
A weekend memorial service is planned for Ashley and Lennon.
“I am so thankful for the four unforgettable days I got to spend with him,” he wrote on Facebook following his son’s death. “His mommy would have been so beyond joy to see him and to hold him, touch him, bathe him, sing to him -- as I have had the privilege of doing. I have been so blessed and honored to love him before he was formed, to cherish him while mommy carried him, meet him face to precious face, and hold his perfect little body while we said ‘goodbye for now.’”

MTS launches video gaming platform at CeBITUpdated: November 14, 2014 23:04 IST
MTS launches video gaming platform at CeBIT
Pradeesh Chandran
games
Sistema Shyam TeleServices Ltd ( SSTL), that provides telecom services under the MTS brand, has partnered with Nodwin Gaming to launch an online video gaming platform -- Gamegod. The platform would enable video gamers to play on ranked servers for the first time in India. The company has also roped in online retailer Flipkart as the pan-India distributor of Gamegod.
With the launch of Gamegod, MTS is planning to expand its products and also to address the growing demand for video games in the Indian market. The company has launched Gamegod with the rollout of two internationally successful games-Counters Strike Global Offensive (CS:GO) and Dota 2.
“Being a data centric company, MTS is always looking at creating newer drivers for data consumption in the country... This latest initiative has been designed to strengthen the brand connect with our target audience,” MTS India Chief Marketing and Brand Officer Leonid Musatov said.
To popularize the launch and the product MTS is organizing an online multiplayer gaming championship with a cash prize of Rs.20 lakh. The company has launched the gaming platform in two variants at a Price of Rs.1,299 and Rs.4,499. For fully loaded Gamegod kit, customers need to pay Rs 4,499 to get an MBlaze Ultra datacard.

Delhi Government Relaxes Norm on Purchase  Sale of Leasehold PropertyYou are here: Home Your Money
Delhi Government Relaxes Norm on Purchase, Sale of Leasehold Property
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 15, 2014 01:29 (IST)
RBI Doubles Pre-Paid Card Limit to Rs 1 Lakh
New Delhi: In a major relief, the Delhi government has lifted restriction on sale of leasehold properties which will benefit lakhs of property owners and may trigger hike in real estate prices.
The Revenue Department has asked all registrar offices to allow purchase and sale of leasehold properties and the decision came into effect from Friday.
Although there were restrictions, transactions had been taking place through general power of attorney.
Officials said properties that have changed hands but were registered through power of attorney or sale agreement will be allowed for sale and purchase transactions.
The Revenue Department had forbidden purchase and sale of leasehold properties in 2011.
"It is clarified to all Sub-Registrar that under Section 17 (1-A) of the Registration Act, the documents containing contract to transfer for consideration any immovable property is compulsorily registrable document if having been executed after the commencement of Registration (Amendment) Act 2001, (w.e.f. 24.09.2001)."
"An agreement to sell in respect of immovable property is covered under section 17 (1-A) of the Registration Act and is a valid document to be registered if so desired by the parties and as such all these documents cannot be refused by Sub-Registrar," a circular said.
The decision is likely to benefit lakhs of property owners in the national capital as they will be able to sell their properties. The government decision, experts said, may fuel a hike in property prices.
The property owners had been demanding relaxation in the norm for many years and now the decision will benefit areas such as Rohini, Vasant Kunj, Dwarka, Janakpuri.
The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) owns such leasehold properties and the restriction had been imposed after commercial activities were reported in some of the colonies owned by the agency.
DDA officials said the decision will help owners of leasehold properties in a major way.
Story first published on: November 14, 2014 22:22 (IST)

Sam Diephuis / Getty ImagesEmail
Sam Diephuis / Getty Images
The pressure of the holidays can make people lose perspective when it comes to giving gifts. Avoiding a faux pas, though, isn't too difficult if you steer clear of some common minefields.
1. Watch your spending.
Gifts are not a tit-for-tat exchange. Just because someone spent a certain amount on a present for you doesn't mean you have to spend the same on theirs. Too often, shoppers overspend in hopes of not being seen as a cheapskate. This can actually be the worst move to make.
"If you spend a lot of money on a gift, doing so [can] make a recipient feel uncomfortable," said Sherri Athay, author of "Present Perfect: Unforgettable Gifts for Every Occasion."
"You don't want to appear stingy, but generally, whether intended or not, giving gifts creates a feeling of obligation," she said.
2. Regift with caution.
There's nothing wrong with regifting, but it does require some common sense.
The biggest mistake to avoid, of course, is accidentally regifting the item to the person who gave it to you—or to a mutual friend of yours. And a very close second is making sure it's not obvious you're just passing along something you don't want. 
"If you are going to repurpose a gift, you need to make very sure it doesn't have your name on it," said Gottsman. "Make sure there's no gift card left on it that you didn't see and that it's in its original box or bag. And definitely regift outside of the circle of friends that gave it to you."
Remember, not every item is a candidate for regifting, because, let's face it, some are just terrible. However, if you've received a nice sweater that doesn't fit you or a bottle of wine but you don't drink, those are viable candidates.
3. Avoid utilitarian gifts
A practical gift may show that you gave some thought to the recipient, but that doesn't always make it a good idea. While you might not want to get too personal, you also don't want to retreat too far in the opposite direction.
"My brother, many years ago, said, 'I never give my wife a gift with an electrical cord attached to it,'" said Athay. "Gifts should be something somebody wouldn't get for themselves."
4. Logo a no-no
Corporate gifts all too often become marketing opportunities. And most of those end up in the trash.
"We tend to want to put our logo all over something, but we have to remember that most people don't want to receive a gift with somebody else's logo," said Gottsman. "Even a business gift is a gift of goodwill. It's to remind a person that they're valuable. It's to build a relationship for the next year. You want them to use it."
5. Don't fall for the hype
Shopping early takes some of the pressure off of buyers. As the date of a gift swap nears, some people tend to fall for marketing in ways they would never do so during the rest of the year.
"Men, in particular, have a tendency to give in to the advertising hype," said Athay. "They see signs or TV segments saying, 'This is what all women want this holiday season' and buy it."
That's not only oftentimes inaccurate (think back to items like breadmakers and hair-removal devices of years past), it also sends the message that the recipient doesn't stand out from the crowd and that you, the gift giver, just jumped on the nearest bandwagon.
"A gift is a way to convey a message to somebody," said Athay. "If you think about that message, you're going to have an easier time conveying that message."
Tags:

Fox Newss Bill OReilly interviewed Boston University newspaper before kicking in $10 000 to help save itBy Erik Wemple November 14 Follow @ErikWemple
Bill O’Reilly (Frank Micelotta/Invsion/Associated Press)
Notwithstanding an annual salary pegged at $10 million-plus , Fox News host Bill O’Reilly is known as a frugal sort. If a buffet of free food is within reach, O’Reilly will lunge. In a tell-all memoir about Fox News, former network producer Joe Muto (a.k.a. the Fox News “mole”) noted that while host Sean Hannity took colleages out to dinner at the swank Del Frisco’s Double Eagle Steakhouse , O’Reilly would opt for a “red-sauce Italian joint” and then ask to split the tab.
So before O’Reilly made a contribution to the Daily Free Press , an independent student-run newspaper at Boston University, he did some research. “He wanted to make sure his money was put to good use,” says Kyle Plantz, the newspaper’s editor-in-chief. “Bill is known for being a hard guy on his show but we are college students. … He definitely wanted to help but wanted to make sure that this doesn’t happen again.” O’Reilly had written for the Daily Free Press when he did graduate work in broadcast journalism at Boston University .
“This” being financial ruin. The Daily Free Press racked up $67,000 in debt to its printer and a small amount of overdue rent. To dig out of its hole, it launched a fundraising drive on gofundme.com and got the word out to alumni.
Apparently satisfied with the answers he got from Plantz and another newspaper big shot, O’Reilly kicked in an impressive $10,000. Along with a $50,000 donation from Ernie Boch Jr., an auto-dealership mogul, and hundreds of smaller pledges, O’Reilly’s contribution helped the publication exceed its target and reach the $82,409 mark.
According to Plantz, O’Reilly wanted to know how the business model was working. In the newspaper industry, that’s a depressing question — and one that the Daily Free Press folks answered in the usual way. In a move to cut costs, the paper has slashed its print schedule over the years — from five- to four-times-per-week in 2009 and then to a weekly cadence starting this semester. Even that weekly print presence threatened to go away if the Daily Free Press hadn’t been able to pay back its printer, Turley Publications . Scaling back the print schedule and other cutbacks, says Plantz, have enabled the publication to eliminate 80 percent of its costs. The Web site, of course, operates 24/7, in what Plantz calls a “digital-first” posture.
The Daily Free Press didn’t call O’Reilly directly, but rather relied on the paper’s alumni network to get word through to the King of Cable News (it did tweet at the Twitter handle for O’Reilly’s show, “The O’Reilly Factor,” Plantz says). Plantz got a jolt when one of the donors sent him an e-mail noting, in part, “By the way, O’Reilly knows.”
The Fox News host, says Plantz, mentioned “good memories of working at the Freep.” The Daily Free Press dates back to 1970, when it launched to cover the Kent State University shootings. For a publication so steeped in history, it’s lacking acknowledgement of its own past: Plantz says there’s no picture of O’Reilly on the office walls. “We might have to put one up now,” he says.
O’Reilly declined an interview request to discuss his generosity.
A Nov. 22, 1974, column by Bill O’Reilly in the Daily Free Press on Fanne Foxe
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Thirteen Ships Wait to Get Into LA Port Complex
http://usat.ly/1Bta0XFFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
S&P 500 bumps up to another record close, Dow slips
Stock futures were slightly higher Friday as retail sales in October came in better-than expected in a hopeful sign for the upcoming holiday season.
Post to Facebook
S&P 500 bumps up to another record close, Dow slips Stock futures were slightly higher Friday as retail sales in October came in better-than expected in a hopeful sign for the upcoming holiday season. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1utwkLH
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
2
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
S&P 500 bumps up to another record close, Dow slips
William Cummings , USA TODAY 5 p.m. EST November 14, 2014
Major indexes were relatively flat Friday, but better-than-expected retail sales give hope for the holiday shopping season. Overall retail sales rose 0.3% in October. Newslook
The New York Stock Exchange in New York City.
(Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP)
51 CONNECT 100 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Stocks closed mixed Friday as the S&P 500 managed to eke out a small gain that gave it its 41st record closing high of the year.
The Dow slipped slightly, retreating from its record high but posted a weekly gain for the fourth straight week.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 0.49, or less than 0.1%, to a record closing high of 2039.82.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 18.05 points, or 0.1%, to 17,634.74, pulling back slightly from Thursday's record closing high of 17,652.79.
The Nasdaq composite index rose 8.40,or 0.2%, to 4688.54.
For the week, the Dow was up 0.4%, the S&P 500 gained 0.4% and the Nasdaq surged 1.2%
The lackluster trading came despite a report on October retail sales that came in better-than expected in a hopeful sign for the upcoming holiday season.
Retail sales rose 0.3% in October, rebounding from a a 0.3% drop in September, as falling gasoline prices helped boost discretionary cash for consumers. That beat estimates for a rise of 0.2%, according to Actions Economics.

LKG student molested in Kozhikode  senior students arrestedPrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 15, 2014 11:33 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 4:41 am
Two high school students, both minors, were arrested on charges of molesting an LKG student in Kozhikode rural district on Saturday.
The victim and the alleged accused belong to the same school Darul Huda English Medium School. The arrested were inmates of a destitute-cum-religious house run by the school management.
Police had registered the case on November 11 and the girl had told the parents that she was abused by students of the same school.
Last three days witnessed tense moments at Parakkadavu after the police tried to fix the blame on a crew member of the school bus allegedly under duress from the school management. It was alleged that one of the alleged accused belonged to the family of a member in the school management. Police had even announced that the bus crew was the culprit, but he had to be released on Friday evening as there were chinks in the charges against him.
According to the complaint from the student’s parent, the alleged incident was on October 30.While entering into the urinal at the school, she was nabbed by the senior students, who molested her.
The incident was came to known only later after the girl was admitted to a hospital.
The case has been registered under section 376 of IPC and provisions under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi on tour  no time to breathe!You are here: Home > Collections
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on tour, no time to breathe!
IANS Nov 15, 2014, 02.05PM IST
Tags:
Abbott
(On Nov 13, on the sidelines…)
NEW DELHI: The Asean and East Asian summits drew leaders from as many as 18 countries to Myanmar's capital Nay Pyi Taw, but the busiest leader seemed to be Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Infact, it is not over yet as he continues to be much sought after in Australia.
In just three days that he spent in the Myanmarese capital, he held as many as eight bilateral meetings with leaders of countries who had come to attend the two summits. Soon after landing in Nay Pyi Taw Nov 11, Modi met Myanmar President U Thein Sein in what was his first bilateral meeting in the course of his three-nation tour.
During their talks, Modi and Thein Sein reviewed progress of major connectivity projects, including the India-Myanmar-Thailand trilateral highway, and Kaladan transport project. The possibility of India investing in special economic zones in Myanmar was also discussed.
The next day, on the sidelines of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations Summit, held meetings with the leaders of Thailand, Malaysia , Brunei and Singapore.
In his meetings with Thailand Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha, Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Tun Razak, Sultan of Brunei Hassanal Bolkiah and Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, Modi spoke about the 'Make in India' campaign launched to attract business to India and discussed possibilities of economic cooperation with them.
On Nov 13, on the sidelines of the East Asia Summit, the Indian prime minister met leaders of Russia, China and Indonesia.
He started off with a meeting with Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev. Modi recalled his visit to Russia in 2001 and told the Russian leader that he was sure India-Russia ties would be further strengthened.
In the evening, he had his first meeting with Chinese Premier Li Keqiang who invited him to visit China.
Modi has earlier met Chinese President Xi Jinping , including during the latter's visit to India in September. But the two prime ministers had never met. Modi and Li discussed issues of bilateral interest, and also discussed Xi's visit.
Following this, the Indian leader met Indonesian President Joko Widodo and congratulated him on assuming office. Modi also talked about the 'Make in India' initiative and invited Indonesian companies to come to India.
After concluding his Myanmar visit, he left for Australia to attend the G20 Summit scheduled for Nov 15-16.
Soon after landing in Brisbane Friday, he lost no time and, apart from other engagements, held three high-powered bilaterals.
Modi first talked with a European Union (EU) delegation headed by Herman Van Rompuy who conveyed that the bloc was keen to "re-engage" with India in all areas, especially trade. Modi told him that the "EU should take advantage of the new economic environment in India".
Modi's proposal of having an International Yoga Day, which he had proposed at the UN, got further impetus with Rompuy telling him that the 28-member bloc supported his initiative for a Yoga Day.
His meeting with British Prime Minister David Cameron was another highlight of his engagements Friday at Brisbane. Cameron, who met the Indian prime minister for the first time, told him that relations with India were at the "top of the priorities of UK's foreign policy".
Modi ended the day with a dinner hosted by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe with whom he shares a great rapport.
During the course of the G20 Summit, Modi will have bilateral meetings with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and also Spain's Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy on the sidelines.
He will also meet French President Francois Hollande, who is likely to push for negotiations to clinch the multi-billion dollar deal for the Rafale, which was selected two years ago for the 126 medium multi-role combat aircraft (MMRCA) project.
After the G20 summit, the Indian prime minister will hold a bilateral meeting with his Australian counterpart and host Tony Abbott . On Nov 19, Modi will go on a one-day trip to Fiji where leaders of some 30 small island nations will be meeting him in recognition of his growing status as a global leader.
Former prime minister Manmohan Singh had a reputation of keeping extremely tight schedules while attending multilateral summits and holding series of bilateral meetings on the sidelines of such events.
But now, Narendra Modi, a newbie to global diplomacy, seems to be warming up to the game - and fast.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money poses security challenges: Modi to BRICSFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday pushed his government’s domestic agenda on black money at an informal meeting of BRICS leaders ahead of the Group of 20 Leaders Summit. This meet serves to coordinate positions between the five big developing economies of the world and pull in their combined weight at the G20 Summit.
Calling for close coordination on unaccounted money kept abroad, Modi said that repatriation of money kept abroad was a key priority if India. “Unaccounted money abroad is also linked to security challenges,” he told his Brazilian, Russian, Chinese and South African counterparts.
At the informal meeting, the five leaders also took stock of the progress made in the establishment if the New Development Bank and the Contingent Reserve Arrangement agreed upon in the sixth BRICS Summit in Fortaleza in Brazil mid-July this year. They asked their finance ministers to designate the President and the Vice-Presidents of the new bank well in advance of the next BRICS Summit.
Russia is scheduled to host the seventh BRICS Summit mid next year. “The leaders also announced the setting up of an Interim Board of  Directors that will lead the next phase establishing the NDB,” a media note on the informal meeting said. The leaders also asked their Central Bank Governors to ensure that the Inter-Central Bank Agreement foreseen in the CRA be concluded by the Summit in Russia.
The leaders exchanged their views and shared their perspectives on measures to promote growth and job creation. The G20 has set a target for growing their economies by an additional 2 per cent over the next five years. They also discussed issues related to infrastructure, trade, energy, strengthening of the financial system, and cooperation in tax matters.
At the fifth Summit in Fortaleza, India had wrenched the Presidency of the NDB, while China got to locate the bank’s headquarters in Shanghai. India also got the BRICS agree to same contribution to the bank’s capital. Modi had represented India in Fortaleza, the summit itself leading to a 72-point declaration including the bank, to have an authorised capital $100 billion and a $100 billion CRA.
At the informal meeting today, the leaders expressed their commitment towards the expeditious ratification of both instruments. These instruments would contribute to the stability of the international financial system, they noted. The seventh BRICS Summit will be held in the Russian city of Ufa next year.
TAGS: Black Money BRICS G20 Summit Narendra Modi
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Microsoft surpasses Exxon as 2nd most valuable company behind AppleInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
The bull run in Microsoft’s stock this past year has helped the tech giant surpass Exxon Mobil and seize the rank of the second most valuable company, behind Apple Inc.
Under new CEO Satya Nadella, Microsoft has worked to overcome its reputation as a clumsy behemoth struggling to keep up with new tech trends and consumer habits. Nadella has cut expenses – and jobs – while pledging to refocus the company on mobile technology and cloud computing. His efforts have fueled a stock surge that drove Microsoft’s total market value above $410 billion on Friday. That leapfrogged Exxon’s value of $404 billion, which has been dinged by the drop in oil prices.
”Microsoft has made a strategic change,” said Daniel Ives, a tech analyst at FBR Capital Markets. He said Nadella still faces challenges with a company that’s heavily reliant on the declining personal computer market. But compared with other longtime tech stalwarts, such as IBM, Hewlett-Packard and Oracle, ”Microsoft has done the best job of trying to skate where the puck is going,” Ives said.
Apple Inc  is currently the world’s most valuable company, with a market capitalization of more than $668 billion. That’s more than the $616 billion that Microsoft was worth when it was No. 1 in December 1999. Microsoft shares fell sharply the next year.
But the Redmond, Washington company has earned greater cachet on Wall Street over the last 18 months. Its stock has risen nearly 70 percent since April 2013, when activist investment firm ValueAct Capital announced it had taken a $2 billion stake in the company and would scrutinize its strategy. Within a few months, longtime CEO Steve Ballmer announced plans to retire. The move was described as unrelated.
Since then, Nadella has announced new initiatives to expand in cloud computing, which promises to be more lucrative than the traditional model of selling software that is installed on clients’ computers. Microsoft has also promised a redesign of its flagship Windows operating system and released versions of other popular software for smartphones and tablets, including devices made by competitor Apple.
Microsoft shares have outperformed the tech-heavy NASDAQ Composite Index, which gained about 45 percent in the same 18-month period. The stock hit $50.04 on Friday, its highest point since early 2000, before slipping to the $49.50 range in afternoon trading.
TAGS: Apple Inc Microsoft Corp
More from companies

Satyajit Ray felt filmmakers must be connected to reality: GovindNihalaniGovind Nihalani on Satyajit Ray: I felt he has faced criticism for so long and suddenly he is feeling sensitive about this.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:40 pm
Recalling the criticism levelled against legendary Indian filmmaker Satyajit Ray for shying away from real and political issues, National Award-winning director Govind Nihalani said the icon took it in his stride and later acknowledged the fact that filmmakers must be connected to reality.
Nihalani highlighted how Ray, who faced flak from critics for “pedalling poverty and damaging the image of India internationally”, became “sensitive” when it was said that his films steered away from realities and political issues, during the Satyajit Ray Memorial Lecture at the ongoing 20th Kolkata International Film Festival here Friday.
The 73-year-old veteran said Ray had, post his heart attack in 1983, wanted to adapt author Mahasweta Devi’s play “Beej” into a film, a decision based on his acceptance of criticism.
“When I asked him why he chose this subject, Ray said there was a lot of criticism about me and I have been criticised for not having made any political film or a film that deals with the reality around me”.
“I felt he has faced criticism for so long and suddenly he is feeling sensitive about this. Somewhere he must have felt that it is important for filmmakers to be connected with reality,” reminisced Nihalani.
The maker of films such as “Aakrosh”, “Ardh Satya”, “Drohkaal” and “Hazaar Chaurasi Ki Maa”, Nihalani’s tryst with Ray began with a photographic session in Mumbai (formerly Bombay) about four decades ago.
“Later when I made my first film ‘Aakrosh’, I was keen to show it to him but didn’t know how to go about it. From a friend who was acquainted with Ray, I got to learn that he had watched the film and liked the film and had said the film had some bravura moments”.
“I was so relieved that he didn’t have a negative reaction and for a person like Ray to say that the film had some bravura moments it was more than I could expect,” Nihalani said.
Subsequently, Nihalani met Ray in Mumbai, where he quizzed him about his forthcoming venture, a telefilm called “Pikoo’s Day”.
“He described the film from the first to the last shot. Everybody fell silent. He was a great narrator,” said the director.

Apple Pay: Will spending with a smartphone i...With Apple Pay will spending with a smartphone increase?
By New York Times | 15 Nov, 2014, 05.43PM IST
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Mike Isaac and Brian X Chen
For years, tech companies have dreamed of a future in which people ditch their wallets and pay for things with their smartphones. And for years, that has not happened.
But Apple may be on to something.
In the three weeks since the company released Apple Pay, its first stab at a mobile wallet, some major retailers are seeing a wave of consumers eager to check out at the register with their iPhones.
And even some of Apple's competitors, like Google and Softcard, say Apple has helped create general awareness of mobile payments, including for their services.
Whole Foods, the high-end grocery chain, said it had processed more than 150,000 Apple Pay transactions. McDonald's, which accepts Apple Pay at its 14,000 restaurants in the United States, said Apple Pay accounted for 50 percent of its tap-to-pay transactions. And Walgreens, the nationwide chain of drugstores, said its mobile wallet payments had doubled since Apple Pay came out.
Apple Pay is still far from a dominant payment system. But the retailers' numbers are the first faint signs of a mainstream willingness to stray from cash and cards. Apple, analysts say, has tapped into something.
"Quite frankly, a lot of it has to do with the strength of the Apple brand and how much merchants and customers love how easy the experience is," said Denee Carrington, an analyst with Forrester Research. "I'm not saying it's changing the landscape overnight. But this has never happened with other mobile wallets."
Not all retailers are blown away just yet by early adoption of Apple Pay. Toys R Us, which supports Apple Pay in its 870 stores, said that although the number of mobile payments at its stores increased after the introduction of Apple Pay, there were still relatively few mobile payments because customers were learning about the technology.
But Softcard, Google and other companies that also offer mobile wallet products, say Apple's entrance may be good for all players that offer mobile payments.

BCCI calls Emergent Working Committee meeting on Nov 18BCCI calls emergent meeting on Nov 18, Srinivasan to attend
PTI
New Delhi, November 15, 2014
First Published: 16:02 IST(15/11/2014)
print
The BCCI has called an Emergent Working Committee Meeting on November 18 to discuss the scheduling of its Annual General Meeting which has been postponed by four weeks after President-in-exile N Srinivasan was named by the Supreme Court in the IPL spot-fixing scandal.
related stories
IPL fixing scam: Mudgal panel report clears Srinivasan; indicts Meiyappan, Raj Kundra
The AGM was originally scheduled for November 20 but has been postponed.
It is learnt that Srinivasan will attend the meeting as the chief of the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA) where the members of the all-powerful sub-committee of the Board will be apprised of the current situation in Chennai.
"The BCCI's lawyers will apprise the WC members of the situation and the legal implications. Obviously, for BCCI to announce a fresh date for the AGM, one needs to call a Working Committee Meeting. The AGM is now likely to be held in the third week of December," a BCCI official told PTI today.
Since the next hearing of the Supreme Court is on November 24, the BCCI decided to postpone its AGM -- primarily because majority of the members want the Tamil Nadu strongman to be in the clear as he is vying for a second term as BCCI president.
Yesterday, the Supreme Court named Srinivasan, his son-in-law Gurunath Meiyappan, Rajasthan Royals co-owner Raj Kundra, cricket administrator Sundar Raman, who were all probed by the Justice Mudgal committee. The top court said had it had found "some misdemeanour by certain persons" and indicted them in the IPL6 scam.
It also ordered that supply of relevant portions of the report to the four so that they can file their objections within four days of receipt of the report.
"Certain findings recorded by the Committee are understood to have indicted some individuals against whose conduct investigation has been conducted. The report also deals with the conduct of the players which are for the present held back," the bench said.
The court did not give details of the indictment or the misdemeanour or the persons who committed it.

Chicago-based Enova spins off from Cash America  launches IPO0
Enova employs about 1,100 people in Chicago and Gurnee. Some 76 percent of its business focuses on installment and line-of-credit loans, with the remainder covering short-term loans. The majority of its users are in the “nonprime” category, said Mike Gilhooly, Enova’s head of public affairs.
DeCosmo, Enova’s chief analytics officer who took over as interim CTO in April, said the Chicago-based company would use its heightened public profile and stock options to attract talent that might also consider working for startup companies.
“Obviously there’s folks who are concerned that we’re going to become too big-companylike and process-driven,” he said. “Among the management team, we strive to keep it very much entrepreneurial.”
DeCosmo said programs such as Enovation, which solicits quarterly ideas from employees, increase participation and allow the opportunity to create startuplike teams within Enova. Each quarter’s winning idea receives funding and a staff to get it running, DeCosmo said.
“They get a room where they work side by side getting this product off the ground,” DeCosmo said. “It makes a big company small again.” Generating ideas from within supports business growth as well.
DeCosmo said he expects the company to name a CTO by January.

Mumbai Metro Line 2 contract terminatedUpdated: November 13, 2014 23:12 IST
Mumbai Metro Line 2 contract terminated
Lalatendu Mishra
A file picture of a trial run of Mumbai Metro.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
A consortium led by Anil Ambani controlled Reliance Infrastructure (RInfra) and Maharashtra Government have mutually terminated the concession agreement for Mumbai Metro Line 2 connecting Charkop to Mankhud via Bandra.
RInfra said the termination was due to non-fulfilment of various obligations by the Maharashtra Government . The project, estimated at Rs.12,000 crore, was awarded to the Rinfra led consortium through an international competitive bidding in 2009. The termination comes a day after RInfra reported Rs.57 crore loss on account of Mumbai Metro One.
The project was to be implemented by Mumbai Metro Transport Private Ltd. (MMTPL) wherein RInfra holds 48 per cent of the equity. The concession agreement was executed on January 21, 2010, between the Maharashtra Government and the consortium.
“Due to non-fulfilment of various critical obligations by Government of Maharashtra/Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA), the project could not take off. Even after four years, despite of the best efforts by the Government of Maharashtra, various project impediments could not be resolved,” RInfra said in a statement.
“The parties agreed to terminate the concession agreement at no cost or claim to either party with Government of Maharashtra agreeing to return the bank guarantee of Rs.160 crore to MMTPL. Accordingly, the agreement to this effect has been executed between MMTPL and Government of Maharashtra,” the statement added.
With the above said termination of the concession agreement, all commitments/liabilities of RInfra towards the project including the commitments towards funding the project have been annulled with immediate effect, the company said.

India may review gold policy after surge in imports: ReportsCrossing the line: Mamata Banerjee takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language usage in political discourse.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Reforms on fast track  deal on GST close: JaitleyCrossing the line: Mamata Banerjee takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language usage in political discourse.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Tata Power shares fall on Rs 78-crore loss in Q2Tata Power shares fall on Rs 78-crore loss in second quarter
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 14:49 IST
Tata Power shares fell nearly 4 per cent, recovering later, after the company reported a consolidated loss of Rs 78 crore for the September quarter.
The power producer had on Thursday said lower revenues from coal business, among other factors, impacted business during the quarter. It had a consolidated profit after tax of Rs 75 crore in the same period last year.
Shares of Tata Power reacted sharply to the news, falling 3.66 per cent on the Bombay Stock Exchange in morning trade.
The scrip, however, narrowed its losses and was trading 1.24 per cent lower at Rs 87.65 in afternoon trade. On the National Stock Exchange, it was down 1.18 per cent at Rs 87.70.
On a standalone basis, Tata Power's profit after tax in the second quarter of the current fiscal rose to Rs 306 crore from Rs 262 crore in the year-ago period.
Its revenue on a consolidated basis fell to Rs 8,394 crore from Rs 8,765 crore in the year-ago period due to lower realisation by coal companies and lower fuel cost in Mumbai operations.

Airfare War: Tickets for All-Inclusive Rs 380You are here: Home Corporates
IndiGo, AirAsia India Announce Special Fares
NDTV | Updated On: November 14, 2014 10:55 (IST)
SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
Budget carrier IndiGo has announced special fares starting as low as Rs 1,647 (all-inclusive) on select destinations. Tickets for this advance fare scheme must be must be purchased at least 90 days prior to departure.
Currently, AirAsia India is also offering promotional tickets starting as low as Rs 380 (all-inclusive) on travel dates between June 10, 2015 and January 17, 2016. The booking for this AirAsia offer is open till November 16 , 2014.
IndiGo's scheme comes in the wake of a similar offer from rival Jet Airways. Jet Airways has announced special fares starting as low as Rs 1,973 (all-inclusive) on select destinations. This offer is valid on economy class travel within India.
Tickets for this Jet Airways' advance fare scheme must be must be purchased at least 90 days prior to departure. And the booking for this special Jet Airways offer is open till March 31, 2015.
Other airlines have also periodically launched advance fare schemes. This has seen passenger traffic rising in recent months. In September, domestic airlines saw a 28 per cent growth in passenger traffic as compared to a year earlier.
Domestic budget airline SpiceJet has also been at the forefront of announcing promotional schemes to attract flyers. Speaking to NDTV Profit, Sanjiv Kapoor, chief operating officer of SpiceJet, had earlier said the airline has seen a bump-up in passenger traffic, whenever it has launched such schemes.
Explaining the rationale for launching such schemes, Mr Kapoor said, "We don't like to fly empty planes. Once a plane takes off that empty seat is lost forever."
By selling excess capacity in advance, through advance fare schemes, "we are trying to get rid of excess capacity early so that close to the date to the departure we are leaving with much fuller capacity" the SpiceJet executive added.
 

DLF deposits Rs 50 crore with Supreme Court; to pay rest by Nov 25New Delhi, November 14, 2014
Updated: November 14, 2014 19:01 IST
DLF deposits Rs 50 crore with Supreme Court; to pay rest by Nov 25
PTI
securities
Realty major DLF has deposited Rs 50 crore with the Supreme Court and will pay the balance by November 25 to comply with its direction to deposit Rs 630 crore fine slapped by fair trade regulator CCI.
In August, the Supreme Court had said that the total amount should be deposited within 3 months with its Registry, pending the outcome of the appeal filed by the DLF against the May 19 order of Competition Appellate Tribunal’s upholding the penalty imposed by CCI.
“Rs 50 crore deposited with Supreme Court, balance to be deposited by November 25, 2014. Total amount to be kept in an interest bearing account, to be eventually settled as per the final order of the Hon’ble Supreme Court,” DLF said in an analyst presentation uploaded on Friday.
In August 2011, the Competition Commission of India had found DLF violating fair trade norms and imposed a fine of Rs 630 crore on it following a complaint by a Belaire Owners’ Association in Gurgaon.
Giving update on the cancellation of 350 acre land parcel in Gurgaon by the Punjab and Haryana High Court in September this year, DLF said: “Our appeal against the order of Punjab & Haryana High Court has been filed in the Supreme Court. Next hearing is fixed for November 28, 2014“.
On the SEBI order barring DLF and its six executives from accessing the capital market for 3 years, DLF said: “The company has filed an appeal with Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT), against the order of SEBI.”
SAT has provided an interim relief to the company for redeeming mutual funds to the tune of Rs. 1,806 crore. The final hearing is scheduled for December 10, 2014, it added.
DLF said: “Based on the advice of independent counsels, the management believes that there is a reasonable strong likelihood of succeeding in various judicial forums.
“The company and its legal advisors believe that it has not acted in contravention of law in any of the legal matters pending before various judicial forums. The company has full faith in the judicial process and is confident of vindication of its stand in the near future.”

Gnanakirukkan review: Sad lives  in a sad excuse for a movieTamil cinema
If they made T-shirts for down-on-their-luck villagers who inhabit a certain tract of Tamil cinema, this is what the slogan would read: “Life’s a bitch. Then you end up in Chennai.” Eleyadevan’s Gnanakirukkan begins with a harrowing scene of childbirth in a nondescript village, and then the father (Ganesan, played by Daniel Balaji), who appears possessed, uproots a trident from the local shrine and holds it over the infant. Given what’s to come, this is the happy-days flashback. For a while, we seem to be in a story about the travails of the mother (I thought it was Meenal, but it’s her sister Senthi). Her elder daughter runs away. Then she’s excommunicated by the village. Then the son Perumal – the infant from earlier, now grown up and played by Jega – runs away. And there’s the husband, who just lies there, doing nothing. What’s with him, we wonder. Is he really possessed, or is he just an eccentric?
But then, bizarrely, we begin to follow Perumal’s story, after he flees to Trichy. These scenes are actually promising. We see the young boy unflinching in the face of hardship, and there’s a genuine sense of triumph when he makes some sort of life for himself. But he cannot be allowed to remain happy for too long – otherwise there’d be no movie, at least this kind of movie. So he loses his job. He loses the girl he loves. He buys a one-way ticket to Hell Chennai, and there he finds a fellow-sufferer, Sumathi (Archana Kavi). (Thambi Ramaiah is also in there somewhere, because you cannot make a movie these days where Thambi Ramaiah isn’t there somewhere.) Thereon, it’s one thing after another – there’s an attack by drunks; there’s a gang-rape; there’s a lecherous old man; Sumathi almost ends up in a brothel; she falls ill; and then we discover that her mother, back in the village, is blind. At this point, back-to-back screenings of Mahanadhi and Naan Kadavul began to look like a pick-me-up. The director strives for the lyricism of Kadhal, but you can’t get there with a battering ram.
Gnanakirukkan

World Chess Championship: Anand draws Game 5 with CarlsenPrint
Anand yet again looked for an advantage with white pieces and Carlsen was pushed to the wall once more. (Source: File)
By: Press Trust of India | Sochi | Posted: November 14, 2014 10:16 pm | Updated: November 18, 2014 10:46 am
Viswanathan Anand missed out on an opportunity to press for serious advantage and settled for a draw with defending champion Magnus Carlsen in the fifth game of the world chess championship now underway in Sochi.
The third draw in five games restored the parity and the scores now stand at 2.5-2.5 with seven games still remaining.
After a day’s rest Anand yet again looked for an advantage with white pieces and Carlsen was pushed to the wall once more. However, just when the world thought it could be a dangerous advantage in Anand’s favour, the Indian ace erred and took a safer path, allowing Carlsen to liquidate to a drawn rook and minor piece endgame.
Opening with the Queen pawn, Anand faced a new opening for the third time in the match by Carlsen – a clear indication that the Norwegian has not been able to make up his mind and remains tentative with black pieces. For the records, in the first game of the match Carlsen has chosen the Grunfeld defense, in the third game he had gone for the Queen’s Gambit declined and on Friday the world champion opted for the Queen’s Indian defense.
It was not a normal Queen’s Indian as Carlsen went for some side line with early deviation giving Anand a small but lasting advantage. In the post game conference Anand revealed that he had seen ‘something like this before’.
On his 16th move, Anand livened things up a little by going for a thematic central breakthrough and a handful of pieces changed hands in quick time thereafter. Carlsen took a practical decision on the 20th move by trading his Bishop for a centralised white knight and thereafter white was either playing for a win or a draw.
Carlsen definitely had seen deeper and believed in his position firmly as he went about collecting one of white’s pawn before exchanging the queens to reach a difficult endgame. Anand got his best chance on move 26 when a correct move would have prolonged the agony for Carlsen but did not feel it was worth the try.
A pair of rooks flew off the board as a result and the players were soon staring at a deadlock with pawns on just one flank. After further trading of pieces the peace was formally signed after 29 moves.
This draw puts Anand under a bit of a pressure now as Carlsen will now get to play two white games on the trot in game six and seven. The onus is now on Anand to salvage the next two and if the Indian ace successfully does that, the tide is likely to turn in his favour.
For now, its game six coming up with Carlsen playing white.

HHS doesnt know what time HealthCare.gov will openBy Jason Millman November 14 Follow @jasonmillman
The new HealthCare.gov homepage for 2015. (AP Photo)
Tomorrow's the big day — open enrollment starts again for Obamacare health insurance plans. But maybe just don't wait up all night Friday if you're hoping to buy something.
HealthCare.gov, the federal enrollment portal serving 30-plus states, opens on Saturday. However, the agency overseeing the health insurance marketplaces says it does not yet know exactly what time people can actually go online and purchase plans.
Before the system goes live, technical staff plan one more overnight update to the computer system, and it's not clear how long it will take, according to a spokesman for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the agency running the marketplaces. Once the update is done, people will be able to actually shop for plans — probably sometime early Saturday morning.
Meanwhile, some other states running their own marketplaces have announced their own opening times. For example, the Web site for the Massachusetts Health Connector is supposed to be open for business at 8 a.m.
You can still go onto HealthCare.gov right now to browse health plans, and you'll have three months to actually buy a health plan. But if you want coverage starting Jan. 1, you'd better get your selection in by Dec. 15.
Maybe just don't wait up until midnight tonight to be the first person in line on HealthCare.gov.
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.

U. of I. rejects  official beer  billboards near...U. of I. rejects 'official beer' billboards near campus
U. of I. Coors Light
Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune
A Coors Light billboard officially tied to the University of Illinois can be seen on Chicago's North Side, but not in Champaign-Urbana anymore.
A Coors Light billboard officially tied to the University of Illinois can be seen on Chicago's North Side, but not in Champaign-Urbana anymore. (Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune)
By Jodi S. Cohen and Melissa Harris, Chicago Tribune
Why Coors Light U. of I. billboards came down in Champaign-Urbana.
U. of I. officials say they were caught off-guard by Coors Light billboards in their backyard.
Only select fans can buy a beer at a University of Illinois football game, but according to billboards around the state, Coors Light is now the "Official Beer of the Fighting Illini."
The billboards went up in August, soon after the university reversed a ban on beer sponsorships, allowing them in exchange for at least "six figures" in additional revenue a year, according to officials with the university's Division of Intercollegiate Athletics.
But university officials were blindsided by the billboards. While they had approved the artwork to be used at places that sell alcohol — bars, restaurants and grocery stores, for example — they didn't realize it also would be displayed on billboards, including some near campus.
The signs feature a bottle of Coors Light and the Illinois "Block I" logo on a football, with the words "Official beer of the Fighting Illini."
Should the University of Illinois have an official beer? Open link
"We didn't know about them until they went up" in Champaign-Urbana, said Marty Kaufmann, the university's assistant director of athletics.
"It was not represented to us that it would be on billboards," Kaufmann said. "We did not specifically approve billboards. We appreciate that MillerCoors is showing us support, but it is not something we approved the concept of on billboards. The artwork was approved for something else."
The six billboards in the Champaign-Urbana area were taken down at the university's request, MillerCoors confirmed. They were up for about a month.
"When the university expressed concern over the billboards in Champaign, we immediately removed them," MillerCoors spokeswoman Cat Corrigan said. "Like the University of Illinois, we at Coors Light care deeply about alcohol responsibility, and do not want to give the impression that we are advertising to anyone except legal drinking-age sports fans."
8
The university has decided the billboards in other parts of the state can remain. The only one in the Chicago area can be found along North Damen Avenue between Fullerton and Diversey avenues, where MillerCoors says it is seeking to "drive relevance" with the alumni in the area.
"We had concerns about billboards that appeared in Champaign-Urbana, as they gave the impression they were geared to students," said university spokeswoman Robin Kaler. "We instructed the vendor not to allow any billboards related to alcohol to be posted in Champaign-Urbana. We understand that throughout the state, adult fans of our program sometimes enjoy adult beverages, so Athletics authorized billboards in Chicago and other cities."
The ad appears on another billboard in the Peoria area, according to university officials, although MillerCoors could not confirm that late Friday.
The university's partnership with MillerCoors is the latest effort to garner more sponsorship revenue.
About three years ago, the university outsourced its athletic sponsorship and multimedia rights to Learfield Sports, a division of Missouri-based Learfield Communications, which now sells and maintains the majority of the athletic department's corporate partnerships.
The company established "Fighting Illini Sports Properties" in Champaign to oversee Illini athletics opportunities, including signage, sponsorship, event marketing, radio production and more. Learfield serves as the sports marketing arm for nearly 100 collegiate "properties," including the Big Ten.
U. of I.'s 10-year deal with Learfield includes a guaranteed total of at least seven figures annually for Illinois' athletic department, officials said. With the beer sponsorship, the deal is worth even more.
Hey, where's the Northwestern beer billboard???
gtmarcyk
6
At the time the deal was signed, U. of I. said it expected to see an additional $2 million annually in sponsorship and multimedia rights activities. Revenue figures on a copy of the Learfield-Illinois athletics contract obtained by the Tribune were redacted.
Initially, beer sponsorships were off-limits.
But last year, as other Big Ten universities began adding lucrative beer deals, Illinois decided to sidle up.
"We allowed (Learfield) to pitch to beer companies the ability to advertise on the radio network, on our coaches' television shows ... and use our approved athletics logos on point-of-purchase sales, promotional items and advertising," Kaufmann said.
MillerCoors won the bidding process and signed a four-year agreement with Learfield that began July 1. Learfield declined to answer a question about whether there had been a miscommunication about the billboard campaign.
According to the deal with MillerCoors, the university has the right to approve or refuse all marketing materials.
School officials said an added benefit of the partnership is the ability to better track the use of its logo and trademarks, since alcohol companies had been using them in unauthorized ways.
"At least what is out there now is approved and accurate from our brand standpoints," Kaufmann said.
But David Jernigan, director of the Center on Alcohol Marketing and Youth at Johns Hopkins University's Bloomberg School of Public Health, has concerns about the marketing.
"First, let's talk about billboards; they're the only form of advertising you can't turn off or turn the page to avoid seeing," Jernigan said. "In terms of young people's exposure, billboards pose a particular risk.
"Now let's talk about college drinking each year: 1,825 deaths; 690,000 assaults; 97,000 victims of alcohol-related sexual assault or date rape. It's a major risk factor in college life."
Such billboards have aroused controversy on campuses for years.
Earlier this year, the University of Connecticut ordered the removal of four billboards, two of which were electronic, featuring UConn's Husky mascot, a towering Coors beer bottle and the slogan, "Huskies Love the Cold" after an outcry from a high-ranking state legislator, according to the Hartford Courant.
Those ads were brokered by a division of IMG Worldwide. The entire marketing agreement between IMG and UConn would reap the university about $8 million in fees this year, according to UConn athletics department spokesman Mike Enright.
Jernigan recommended U. of I. follow UConn's lead.
"What UConn said to Coors is a nice model for the country," Jernigan said. "They said, 'These two don't mix. We don't want them to mix. It sends the wrong message.'"
MillerCoors provides a $20,000 annual grant to Illinois to promote responsible alcohol education, according to the school.
Illinois says it was going along with its peers when it approved a beer sponsorship. Kaufmann cited a half-dozen Big Ten universities that he said have partnerships. He said the campus administration, including Chancellor Phyllis Wise, consented.
"We would by no means be the first doing this, but we didn't want to be left out," Kaufmann said. "The landscape has changed a lot in the last three years."
Illinois sells beer to football fans in the stadium's suites and club areas. Both MillerCoors and Anheuser-Busch products are available.

Reworked my technique just before 13 Champions Trophy: Rohit SharmaPrint
 Rohit revisited the disastrous tour of Sri Lanka that forced him to make technical changes in his batting. (Source: PTI)
Written by Devendra Pandey , Bharat Sundaresan | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:13 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:20 am
Before his selection for the ongoing series, Rohit Sharma, in a conversation with The Indian Express, revisited the nightmarish 2012 tour of Sri Lanka that forced him to make technical changes in his batting. He also talked about how opening in ODIs helped him become a better batsman. Excerpts:
What is the biggest technical change you have had to make in recent times?
That tendency to poke at the ball. It happened a lot. Back then my hands used to go towards the ball as they were away from my hip, and hence the body. Now, I’m trying to keep my hands as close to my hip as possible, which helps me to play close to my body. When your hands are not near your hip, you tend to play a lot of balls on fourth, fifth stump and sixth stump. My bat would come down from around third slip and I was making a whole circle to play the ball. Keeping the hands near the hip saved me time because the bat was just coming down straighter and with full bat face. But it doesn’t mean that you can’t be successful with that kind of back-lift. Look at Hashim Amla. But the thing is that wherever the back-lift starts from, it has to come straight when it crosses your body.
What was your specific problem that was creating all the issues?
My problem was it (bat) used to go slightly across my body and result in my head falling. Because the head will follow the bat. It is pulling you towards the bat. The bat is pulling you away. Wherever the head goes everything else will go. So the hands follow. And if your head falls you’re gone. This was my technique till say 2012. I made this conscious decision (changing technique) just before the 2013 Champions Trophy after I realized I had to open the innings. At the top of the order you can’t have your hands stray away from the body like that.
Was there a knock or a series where you felt that enough was enough and it was time for a change?
The Sri Lanka tour in 2012 where I scored just 10 runs in five ODIs. My head was falling way too much. After three ODIs, my scores were 5, 3 and then 0. It was so frustrating; I went to the analyst and found out what was going on. My head was falling too much. There was a game I remember where Malinga bowled a Yorker and it hit straight on my boot and I was out lbw. I didn’t know what was going on after three games and things didn’t improve in the next two as well. That was the worst tour of my career. I went back and saw my videos. I also saw videos of continued…

Historic photos of dead Che Guevara resurface in SpainIn this Dec. 13, 1964 file photo, Cuba's Ernesto "Che" Guevara makes an appearance on "Face the Nation" at CBS-TV studios in New York. (AP Photo)
By: Agence-France Presse | Madrid | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:34 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 1:37 pm
Lost for half a century, historic photographs of Cuban revolutionary Che Guevara taken by an AFP photographer shortly after his execution have come to light in a small Spanish town.
The dark-bearded guerrilla leader lies in a stretcher with his dead eyes open, his bare chest stained with blood and dirt, in the eight black and white photographs taken after he was shot by the Bolivian army in October 1967.
The photographs belong to Imanol Arteaga, a local councillor in the northern Spanish town of Ricla. He inherited them from his uncle Luis Cuartero, a missionary in Bolivia in the 1960s.
“He brought back the photographs when he came for my parents’ wedding in November 1967,” said Arteaga, 45. “My aunt and my mother told me a French journalist had given them to him.”
He and his aunt found the photos among Cuartero’s belongings after the missionary died in 2012.
“I remembered he had photographs of Che Guevara and my aunt said: ‘Yes, I know where they are,” Arteaga said. “They were in boxes with a load of photos of Bolivia.”
Other rare colour photographs of Guevara’s body by AFP correspondent Marc Hutten, taken after it was laid out by Bolivian soldiers, were published in the international media at the time.
But one of the newly discovered shots seems to have been taken at a different moment. In it, Che appears with matted hair and a jacket crudely buttoned around his chest.
The missionary’s stash of pictures also includes a photo purportedly of the body of Guevara’s revolutionary companion Tamara Bunke, laid on a stretcher with her face disfigured.
An Argentine-born doctor, Ernesto “Che” Guevara came to world prominence as a senior member of Fidel Castro’s revolutionary regime in Cuba.
Hunted by the CIA, he was captured by the military in Bolivia on October 8, 1967, and executed the following day.
His body was displayed to the press in the village of Vallegrande before being buried in secret.
Arteaga believes it was Hutten who gave the photographs to Cuartero, possibly as a means of getting them quickly out of the country.
“He asked my uncle to take the photos because he was the only European leaving Bolivia at that moment.”
After Arteaga rediscovered the pictures, he said, “I searched on the Internet for ‘French journalist Che dead’, and Hutten’s name came up, along with some photos that are just like mine.”
After Cuartero took the photos, his family had no further contact with Hutten, who died in March 2012, shortly before the missionary himself.
Arteaga had the photographs examined by an expert who said they were printed on a kind of paper that has not been made for decades, confirming that they date to continued…

Let s use first names  Abbott tells G20 leadersUpdated: November 15, 2014 13:31 IST
Let's use first names, Abbott tells G20 leaders
IANS
Tweet
AP
Leaders meet at the first plenary session of the G20 summit in Brisbane, Australia, on Saturday. Australian PM Tony Abbott asked the G20 leaders to use first names to show “personal warmth.”
TOPICS
celebrity
This is to show "personal warmth" and to "speak from the heart, not from notes" to make the summit the best it can be.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott asked G20 leaders in Brisbane on Saturday to use first names to show “personal warmth” and to “speak from the heart, not from notes” to make the summit the best it can be.
Abbott made the remarks at the opening of the leaders’ retreat ahead of the formal G20 sessions in which the leaders were given five minutes each to talk about any issues they wished.
“The only rules are if we can speak from our heart rather than from a script that would be good,” he said.
“If we could use first names, that would be good as well because, whatever disagreements we might have, it helps if there can at least be personal warmth amongst us,” Abbott said.
Abbott said the world was looking at G20 leaders to demonstrate their ability to boost economic growth and create more jobs, according to Xinhua.
“That’s our challenge, to leave this G20 meeting in 48 hours and instil more confidence in the people of the world,” he said.
“We may not always be able to agree but I hope we can at least be open with each other over this time,” he said.

Investor Carl Icahn Raises Holding in EbayYou are here: Home Corporates
Carl Icahn Ups Stake in Ebay, Sells More Netflix Shares
Reuters | Updated On: November 15, 2014 13:49 (IST)
SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
New York: Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn increased his stake in e-commerce company Ebay while booking more profits from his stake in Netflix in the third quarter, a regulatory filing showed on Friday.
Mr Icahn increased his stake in Ebay by 15 million shares to a total of 45.8 million shares as of the end of September, up from 31 million at the end of June. He cut his stake in Netflix, the streaming video company, by 353,000 shares to 1.4 million shares, a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) showed.
His Ebay stake, which represents about 3.7 per cent of the company's outstanding shares, would be worth about $2.5 billion as of Friday's closing stock price of $54.36.
EBay agreed in late September to spin off its PayPal business next year. EBay chief executive John Donahoe had resisted Mr Icahn's calls for a PayPal split earlier this year and led a months-long campaign to convince investors that the company should remain intact.
Mr Icahn's cut to his Netflix stake proved prescient. The company's shares plunged 25 per cent to $333.53 in after-hours trading on October 15 after Netflix reported fewer video streaming subscribers than forecast in the third quarter.
Mr Icahn, who reported a 10 per cent stake in Netflix in October 2012, has periodically cashed in on that winning bet, in which his firm acquired Netflix shares for an average price of $58. He sold 3 million shares in October 2013 to book between $700 million and $800 million in profits.
Netflix shares closed up 1.7 per cent at $386.04 on Friday.
Mr Icahn, who reported a 6.6 per cent stake in media company Gannetton August 14 and an 8.48 per cent stake in Hertz Global Holdings on September 9, kept those stakes unchanged through the end of September.
His stakes in Apple and Herbalife were unchanged from the previous quarter. Mr Icahn is Herbalife's top shareholder with an 18.52 per cent stake.
Mr Icahn, who takes large stakes in companies and pushes for management change, was not immediately available for comment.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Saina Nehwal beats Liu Xin 21-17 21-17 to reach finals of China Open; K Srikanth set up summit clash tooPrint
Saina Nehwal is very close to her maiden China Open title after defeating her Chinese opponent on Saturday in semis. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Fuzhou | Posted: November 15, 2014 1:27 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 3:32 pm
Olympic bronze-medallist Saina Nehwal and young shuttler K Srikanth stormed into the finals of the women’s and men’s singles events respectively at the USD 700,000 China Open Super Series Premier on Saturday.
In her sixth appearance in the prestigious tournament, Saina continued her rampaging run as she produced another good show to outclass World No. 17 Liu Xin of China 21-17 21-17 in the women’s singles semifinals that lasted 47 minutes at the Haixia Olympic Sport Center.
The World No. 5 Indian will take on the winner of match between fifth seed Bae Yeon Ju of Korea and Akane Yamaguchi of Japan, in the summit clash on Sunday.
World No. 16 Srikanth too set up a mouth-watering finale with two-time Olympic and five-time world Champion Lin Dan after his opponent in the men’s singles semifinal, Marc Zwiebler of Germany, retired midway with the score reading 21-11 13-7 in the Indian’s favour.
In the women’s singles semifinals, Saina took time to get going initially as Liu opened up a slender 7-4 lead but the Indian soon clawed back and went into the interval with a narrow 11-10 lead.
She came out all guns blazing after that to create a huge 19-13 gap. The Chinese girl reeled off four points to reduce the margin but the Indian soon pocketed the first game.
In the second game, Liu once again marched ahead 5-2 but Saina didn’t take much time to draw level and enter the break with a two-point lead.
Saina’s angled strokes had Liu struggling but the Chinese kept herself in close range after the Indian stumbled to some unforced errors.
At 14-14, Saina hit long allowing Liu to take the lead. The Chinese then won an aggressive rally when Saina failed to connect and hit wide.
However, Liu then fell pray to a series of unforced errors as Saina soon moved to a three-point cushion. Liu once again hit wide helping Saina clinch her place in the final.
The last time Saina reached the finals of a tournament was at the Australian Super Series, where she defeated Spain’s Carolina Marin to win the title. The Indian had won the Syed Modi International Grand Prix gold early in the year.
Srikanth, who had a 1-1 record against Marc ahead of the match, dished out a dominating show as from 6-6 the Indian didn’t give any chance to the German to make a comeback.
World No. 25 Marc was probably affected by the gruelling three-game matches which he played before coming into the semifinal. He tried his best to fight but decided not to continue after lagging 7-13 in the second game.
The 21-year-old Indian, who won the Thailand Grand Prix Gold in 2013, finished runner up at the 2014 India Open Grand Prix Gold in Lucknow. He was a quarterfinalist in this year’s Malaysian Open.
He was also a part of the Indian continued…

Gold posts biggest single-day gain this year  surges by Rs 715 to Rs 26 850Gold futures price falls on global cues
Clocking the biggest single-day gain this year, gold prices today soared by Rs 715 to Rs 26,850 per ten grams in the national capital on pick up in wedding season demand coupled with strong global cues.
In addition, depreciating rupee against the dollar, which makes imports of precious metal costlier, also influenced the sentiment. The rupee closed at nearly one-month low of 61.72 against the greenback yesterday.
Silver also recorded a massive gain of Rs 2,100 to Rs 36,700 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiment bolstered after gold surged by over USD 40 to a two-week high of USD 1,193.34 an ounce in New York yesterday, the highest since October 31. Weakening of the dollar also raised demand of gold as safe-haven and an alternative investment, bullion traders said.
Globally, silver also surged 4.4 per cent to USD 16.31 an ounce, the highest gain since February 14.
Besides, rising domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the ongoing wedding season too influenced precious metal prices, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 715 each to Rs 26,850 and Rs 26,650 per ten grams respectively. It had lost Rs 315 in the past two days.
Sovereign moved up by Rs 200 to Rs 23,800 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 2,100 to Rs 36,700 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 2,031 to Rs 36,030 per kg. Silver coins flared up by Rs 3,000 to Rs 60,000 for buying and Rs 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
TAGS: Gold Gold Rate
More from commodities

World Chess Championship: Anand s biggest test begins todayprint
In the sixth game of the World Chess Championship Viswanathan Anand playing with black pieces lost to Magnus Carlsen.
Move 26, which will go down in the history books, as one of the most shocking set of moves played in a top level game, saw Carlsen blunder and Vishy blunder back which changed the course of the game.
Game board
Analysis
Initially, game 6 saw a flurry of moves from both players. There were no surprises in the opening. Anand went for the famous Sicilian defence again which he chose last time when played black, thus encouraging active play.
The game was fast-paced with both the players taking less than fifteen minutes for the first 12 moves. Carlsen went for a queen trade-off in the ninth move.
Susan Polgar, famous chess commentator, tweeted, "Qxd8 Kxd8 Queens already off the board. Basically white has very little initiatives in this line. Slow squeeze coming."
After 12 moves, white had two bishops intact but also had two pawns lined up in the 'c' file and Black's positon was cramped and also caslting was no more an option.
 
The 'G7' pawn
When Carlsen started marching his 'H' pawn into opposition camp to start squeezing Anand for space, he responded with 'H6'. Which was not appreciated by many chess experts.
The commentators immediately shot-off, "Not a very good move by Vishy. His 'G' pawn may come under threat later."
Polgar tweeted, "H6 - I am not a fan of this move. g7 pawn can be a target for Magnus later. Black is still ok but Magnus has room to squeeze". She continued, "to defend g7, Anand will swing the other Rook to g8, and not the h Rook as white has Bd3 - Bh7."
As expected, Magnus started attacking the 'G7' pawn.
Chess Grandmaster Teymur Rajabov tweeted, "Terrible choice by Anand today. Just worse, being worse on Saturday all day long is unpleasant,bad week-end choice."
Chess commentator Nigel Short was not happy with Anand's choices today, "Actually I don't like the Black position at all. I guess Black needs Nf8 and g5 as a defence, but there are tactical problems there too."
World No 2 Fabiano Caruana tweeted, "Passive and unpleasant position for Anand - something went very wrong. Now we can settle down for a long grind."
To sum it up, it was a very bad position for Anand. Against a player like Magnus who is looking for even a smallest lee-way to pounce, this was a setback.
Slowly Anand started to make amendments with some quiet moves like putting his bishop in a better square, and pushing his queen side pawns up the board to create some sort of pressure in case Carlsen fails to make any inroads. 
A blunder and a counter-blunder
Probably 'move 26' will go down in chess history as one of the most shocking moments witnessed in a top level game. In what can be described as a 'monumental blunder' Carlsen moved king to d2.
If Anand had waited and weighed his options even for a minute he would have went with 26... Nxe5 27. Rxg8 Nxc4+ 28. Kd3 Nb2+ 29. Ke2 Rxg8 30. Rxh6. This line of play would have dramatically changed the game.
Instead of capturing Magnus' 'E5' pawn, Anand replied with 'A4' in less than 12 seconds without much thinking. It proved to be a 'monumental counter-blunder'.
Here is the video of the moment
As it can be seen clearly, Magnus realised his mistake when he started noting down his move. He stops writing for some time when his blunder soaked in! Even though Vishy took some time to think, he went ahead with blundered back, followed by Magnus putting his head down in total disbelief at his luck.
The entire chess world erupted at once. Most of them were at a loss of words to describe what they had just witnessed. Chess Grand Master Nakamura thought it was a 'transmission error'.
Polgar tweeted, "Still stunned about what happened! It is not so often in this level for 2 top players to blunder back to back. This was the gift of the match for Anand and he did not see it. What a bad time for Anand to play instantly after Kd2!"
Nigel Short gave a criket analogy to describe the blunder, "Magnus got away with a huge error. Almost as bad as dropping Rohit Sharma when he was on 4 runs"
Russian Chess Grand Master Kramink who was commentating was asked how would one recover from such an oversight, he replied, "My experience is that you don't recover."
That is what exactly happened to Anand. After the blunder he never recovered and it will also have a scarring effect in the games to follow. Anand's mistake will haunt him for a very long time.
There was noting much left to play for. White started gobbling up Anand's pawns, and Anand never had a chance to recover back.
Post-match presser
When Magnus was asked about the blunder he said, "Immediately after I made my move, I realised. I'm extremely lucky."
Magnus added, "Anand didn't expect it to happen. So I escaped. I'm massively relived."
When Anand was asked the same, "When you are not expecting a gift, sometimes you won't take it. I realised after playing too. It was a terrible game."
Here is the video of the press conference
Previous games
Add this to your flipboard Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Dont's miss any stories, follow our World Chess Championship magazine View my Flipboard Magazine.

Mudgal Report: Former BCCI president Shashank Manohar says postponing AGM against the rulesFormer BCCI president is a staunch critic of N Srinivasan who is now currently the ICC chairman. (Source: AP)
By: Express News Service | Kolkata | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:22 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 10:07 am
Former BCCI president Shashank Manohar has flayed N Srinivasan, while saying that the constitution of the Indian cricket board doesn’t allow a postponement of the Annual General Meeting once the date has been decided by the working committee. This follows the Supreme Court’s disclosure that four individuals connected to Indian cricket, including ICC chairman and BCCI’s sidelined-president N Srinivasan, have been named in the Mudgal report.
“During the hearing before the Supreme Court, the names of N Srinivasan, Sundar Raman, (Gurunath) Meiyappan and Raj Kundra are disclosed. This means that the said persons are prima facie indicted in the report,” said Manohar in a release.
“Mr Srinivasan, the president of BCCI has been prohibited from participating in the functioning of the Board since the last several months.
In spite of being prohibited, he continues to run the Board, which is amply evident from the Board functioning,” he added.
Manohar, who headed BCCI from 2008 to 2011, said the date of the AGM can’t be altered once it is decided by the working committee.
“The working committee meeting (in September) fixed the date of the AGM as of November 20 probably hoping that the names of Mr N Srinivasan and Meiyappan would be cleared. However, it appears that during today’s hearing, as soon as the names of Srinivasan and Meiyappan were disclosed, the counsel for the Board made a request for the postponement of the AGM and elections scheduled to be held on November 20. Once the date of the AGM is fixed by the working committee, the same could not and cannot be altered by any office bearer.
“It is thus evident that the instructions given to the Board counsel are only with an intent to suit Mr Srinivasan as that would ensure he still remains a back seat driver. The moot question that needs to be answered is that who gave the Board counsel instructions to plead for postponement of the AGM? The second question that comes to mind, if the investigation/hearing pulls on for several years, then will the Board keep functioning under the same set up?”

Sino-US visa deal to unleash travel  tradeboomU.S. President Barack Obama, right, and Chinese President Xi Jinping, arrive together for a G20 Summit family photo with other world leaders in Brisbane, Australia (Source: AP)
Beijing | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:47 pm
The new liberalised visa agreement between China and the US will unleash a major travel and trade boom between the world’s two largest economies and will also be used as a template by Beijing to make similar arrangements with other developed countries, Chinese officials said on Saturday.
The new agreement made during the recent visit of US President Barack Obama to Beijing for Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit will extend the validity of B1, B2 and B1/B2 visas to 10 years from one year for Chinese citizens travelling to the US for business or leisure.
B1 visa is for business and B2 visa for tourism while B1/ B2 covers both.
US citizens applying for tourism, business and visiting visas for China will enjoy a reciprocal arrangement, Huang Ping, Director General of the Consular Department said.
“It will also be used as a template to make similar arrangements with other developed countries,” official media here quoted Huang as saying.
Officials believe the new 10-year visa policy for tourists and businessmen will benefit about 80 per cent of travellers between the countries.
Chinese Foreign Ministry statistics show that 4.05 million people travelled between China and the US last year and 70 to 80 per cent of them were business people and tourists.
“It means that an average of more than 10,000 people are travelling between the two countries every day,” Huang said.
A number of Chinese are buying properties in the US, taking advantage of liberalised investment regime by Washington to attract more investments.
Huang said that consultations will be continued to better facilitate short-term official visit visas and work visas in both countries.
“We are making step-by-step efforts to cover those who travel, for whatever purpose, with reciprocal polices,” he said.
“China has spared no efforts to promote visa facilitation with other countries. We hope the agreement with the US can set an example for future consultations between China and other developed countries,” he said.
Li Haidong, a professor of US studies at China Foreign Affairs University, said the reciprocal visa arrangement reflects breakthroughs China has made on visa applications with developed countries.
Huang said Canada is offering Chinese travellers 10-year visas for tourism, business and general visits.
European countries, including Britain, France, Italy, Germany and Spain, are also issuing long-validity visas to an increasing number of Chinese, state-run China Daily reported.
Jia Xiudong, a researcher at the China Institute of International Studies, said visa facilitation is the result of growing demand, both in China and foreign countries.
“China’s stunning economic development has made it possible for more and more Chinese to travel abroad,” he said.
Huang, however, admitted that the government’s work has not matched the growing demand from Chinese citizens for more continued…

Reliance Entertainment plans to acquire Western game studios in2015Reliance Entertainment, which is biggest stakeholder in DreamWorks Animation Studios, is in talks to acquire up-and-coming mobile game studios in North America, Europe. (Reuters)
By: Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:44 pm
Reliance Entertainment plans to begin acquiring North American and European mobile game studios starting in early 2015, in hopes of becoming a significant global player in the fast-growing mobile games industry.
The company, which is the biggest stakeholder in DreamWorks Animation Studios, is in talks with bankers to identify and acquire up-and-coming mobile game studios in North America and Europe to boost sales, Chief Executive Manish Agarwal told Reuters in a phone interview.
“We will go full steam in the January and February time frame in terms of identifying studios,” Agarwal said. “Gaming is going to be the largest share of the pie of entertainment time spent, and Reliance would like to be a sizeable player in that space.”
Reliance Entertainment is a unit of Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani, one of India’s largest conglomerates, with businesses ranging from financial services to infrastructure and power. Its Reliance Games unit is looking at smaller studios at $2 million to $5 million a pop, at least initially, according to Agarwal.
Agarwal said the potential for Reliance Games is “huge.”
“In three years, our business will make $50 million in net revenue, and in five years we’ll be a $100 million company,” he said. Net revenue is after cuts taken by app stores from Google, Apple and others.
Reliance Games, which to date has focused on making titles related to Hollywood properties in partnership with studios such as Warner Bros, Sony and Lions Gate, hopes to use acquisitions to expand into other genres, Agarwal said. Genres of interest include real-time action strategy akin to Supercell’s “Clash of Clans,” puzzlers like King’s  “Candy Crush Saga,” builder games like Supercell’s “Boom Beach,” and social casino games.
Reliance Games develops its own titles at its Pune-based studio in India as well as partnering with other game studios. With about 50 million downloads, its most successful game franchise has been “Real Steel,” with action titles based on the DreamWorks movie with the same name featuring Hugh Jackman.
In the face of competition from larger and more seasoned players such as King and Japan’s GungHo Online Entertainment , Reliance has yet to make waves in a competitive mobile gaming space that investors worry is a fickle, hit-driven business.
Agarwal, who did not identify targets, made it clear that Reliance does not want studios that could be one-hit wonders, such as OMGPOP, which was acquired by Zynga for $200 million but shut down over a year later.
Reliance Games wants nimble studios of five to 12 members and that are “one game away from creating that elusive hit and looking to scale,” Agarwal said. “If the game is already doing good, the shelf life of the game could be six to 12 continued…

BCCI calls emergency Working Committee meeting inChennaiPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:41 pm
The BCCI has called an Emergent Working Committee Meeting on November 18 to discuss the scheduling of its Annual General Meeting which has been postponed by four weeks after President-in-exile N Srinivasan was named by the Supreme Court in the IPL spot-fixing scandal.
The AGM was originally scheduled for November 20 but has been postponed.
It is learnt that Srinivasan will attend the meeting as the chief of the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA) where the members of the all-powerful sub-committee of the Board will be apprised of the current situation in Chennai.
“The BCCI’s lawyers will apprise the WC members of the situation and the legal implications. Obviously, for BCCI to announce a fresh date for the AGM, one needs to call a Working Committee Meeting. The AGM is now likely to be held in the third week of December,” a BCCI official told PTI on Saturday.
Since the next hearing of the Supreme Court is on November 24, the BCCI decided to postpone its AGM — primarily because majority of the members want the Tamil Nadu strongman to be in the clear as he is vying for a second term as BCCI president.
On Friday, the Supreme Court named Srinivasan, his son-in-law Gurunath Meiyappan , Rajasthan Royals co-owner Raj Kundra, cricket administrator Sundar Raman, who were all probed by the Justice Mudgal committee. The top court said had it had found “some misdemeanour by certain persons” and indicted them in the IPL6 scam.
It also ordered that supply of relevant portions of the report to the four so that they can file their objections within four days of receipt of the report.
“Certain findings recorded by the Committee are understood to have indicted some individuals against whose conduct investigation has been conducted. The report also deals with the conduct of the players which are for the present held back,” the bench said.
The court did not give details of the indictment or the misdemeanour or the persons who committed it.

Nokia looking to re-enter handset mktGolf courses empty; bureaucrats have started working: Nadir Godrej
Don’t call it a comeback yet. But Nokia is thinking about how to revive its brand name in consumer markets just months after selling off its former flagship mobile phones business to Microsoft for more than $7 billion.
“I think you can expect our brand will return to the consumer world,” Nokia’s chief executive Rajeev Suri said on Friday when asked about rumours that the networks equipment maker was looking to re-enter the handset market.
Suri told investors at a presentation in London that his company will look to licensing the brand name to other firms rather than starting up a new handset business itself.
“We see brand licensing as an opportunity … But I would say it is more of a long-term opportunity,” Suri said of potential deals where other makers of consumer electronics might pay Nokia to use its brand on their products.
Another company executive on Friday pointed to Porsche Design as an example of the sort of brand-licensing deals Nokia might consider.
No deal is imminent but the Nokia brand could eventually appear on a range of electronics, not necessarily phones. “This is not a sentimentality thing,” Suri said.
Microsoft this week dropped the Nokia name on its latest Lumia 535 smartphone, having acquired the Nokia business back in April.
Nokia was once synonymous with mobile phones but the brand’s ranking sank to 98th this year among the world’s best known corporate names, down from fifth in 2007, according to a survey by market researcher Interbrand.
The slide came after first Apple Inc and then Samsung Electronics entered the smartphone market to successfully challenge the Finnish company’s decade of market leadership.
 
TAGS: Nokia
More from industry

IPO darling Alibaba is also star of hedge fu...Alibaba, the IPO darling, is also the star of hedge fund reports
New York Times Nov 15, 2014, 04.58PM IST
Tags:
(Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce…)
By Matthew Goldstein and William Alden
Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce website, was the hot initial public offering of the year. And not surprisingly, shares of Alibaba wound up in the portfolios of many well-known money managers in the third quarter.
Third Point, Viking Global Investors, Paulson & Co. and Soros Fund Management were some of the hedge funds that disclosed sizable ownership stakes in Alibaba when they submitted filings to the Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday.
The regulatory filings, known as 13-Fs, are quarterly updates from large money managers about their holdings in stocks traded in the United States .
Viking Global Investors, the fund led by O. Andreas Halvorsen, reported having about 11 million shares of Alibaba, while Daniel S. Loeb's Third Point reported stake of 7.2 million shares. Soros Fund Management, which manages the wealth of George Soros, had 4.4 million Alibaba shares. John A. Paulson's fund said it had 1.9 million shares.
Also reporting a large stake in the Chinese company was Tiger Management, led by Julian Robertson. It said it had about 1.2 million shares. Moore Capital, the fund led by Louis Bacon, reported having 1.5 million shares.
Leon Cooperman's Omega Advisors and Barry Rosenstein's Jana Partners disclosed holding smaller stakes in Alibaba. BlueMountain Capital Management disclosed it owned 303,031 shares, while Appaloosa Management said it had 725,000 shares. Even the family office of Stanley Druckenmiller, the billionaire investor, said it had 10,000 shares.
Alibaba raised about $22 billion in one of the largest IPOs ever.
Investor interest in Alibaba had built up well before its stock market debut in September. But a number of prominent hedge fund managers -Loeb of Third Point, David Tepper of Appaloosa Management and Bacon among them - pressed for one-on-one meetings with the company in the run-up to the IPO.
The 13-F filings offer the first glimpse of which hedge fund managers and mutual funds were able to pick up Alibaba shares. More broadly, they offer a window into the thinking of money managers. But 13-F filings also do not provide a full picture. They disclose only what money managers, including hedge funds, were invested in as of 45 days ago - something investors should keep in mind when reviewing any 13-F quarterly report. Moreover, October was a particularly volatile month, meaning stock positions could have changed substantially. The filings also do not require investors to disclose short positions, or bets that a stock will fall in price. And sometimes the SEC will permit investors to keep stock positions confidential for a while.
But the filings can reveal some interesting developments.
For instance, Jana disclosed that it also owned 842,268 shares of McDonald's, a move that contributed to a 1 per cent gain in McDonald's shares.
But while some hedge funds clustered around a few stocks, disagreement was common. The Fortress Investment Group, for example, disclosed owning 5 million shares in Ally Financial, the onetime financing arm of General Motors . Paulson sold 2 million Ally shares, disposing of its position.
Loeb sold his position in Hertz. Hertz said Friday it would revise its recent financial statements after discovering errors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IPL fixing: BCCI calls emergent meeting on Nov 18BCCI calls emergent meeting on Nov 18, Srinivasan to attend
PTI
New Delhi, November 15, 2014
First Published: 16:02 IST(15/11/2014)
print
The BCCI has called an Emergent Working Committee Meeting on November 18 to discuss the scheduling of its Annual General Meeting which has been postponed by four weeks after President-in-exile N Srinivasan was named by the Supreme Court in the IPL spot-fixing scandal.
related stories
IPL fixing scam: Mudgal panel report clears Srinivasan; indicts Meiyappan, Raj Kundra
The AGM was originally scheduled for November 20 but has been postponed.
It is learnt that Srinivasan will attend the meeting as the chief of the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA) where the members of the all-powerful sub-committee of the Board will be apprised of the current situation in Chennai.
"The BCCI's lawyers will apprise the WC members of the situation and the legal implications. Obviously, for BCCI to announce a fresh date for the AGM, one needs to call a Working Committee Meeting. The AGM is now likely to be held in the third week of December," a BCCI official told PTI today.
Since the next hearing of the Supreme Court is on November 24, the BCCI decided to postpone its AGM -- primarily because majority of the members want the Tamil Nadu strongman to be in the clear as he is vying for a second term as BCCI president.
Yesterday, the Supreme Court named Srinivasan, his son-in-law Gurunath Meiyappan, Rajasthan Royals co-owner Raj Kundra, cricket administrator Sundar Raman, who were all probed by the Justice Mudgal committee. The top court said had it had found "some misdemeanour by certain persons" and indicted them in the IPL6 scam.
It also ordered that supply of relevant portions of the report to the four so that they can file their objections within four days of receipt of the report.
"Certain findings recorded by the Committee are understood to have indicted some individuals against whose conduct investigation has been conducted. The report also deals with the conduct of the players which are for the present held back," the bench said.
The court did not give details of the indictment or the misdemeanour or the persons who committed it.

An appeal to Indias conscienceUpdated: November 15, 2014 15:14 IST
An appeal to India’s conscience
K. Venkataramanan
Tweet
Reuters
BARBED WIRE: “The Sri Lankan President is no doubt responsible both for attempts to change the demography of the north and threats posed by Sinhala supremacist groups to national minorities.” A file photo of Tamil war survivors at a camp in Vavuniya, Northern Province.
TOPICS
conflict (general)
The call for justice for his people by the Tamil head of Sri Lanka’s Northern Province is quite significant. But is there political space in Sri Lanka that New Delhi can manoeuvre?
The appeal made in Chennai this week by the Chief Minister of Sri Lanka’s Northern Province, C.V. Wigneswaran, for Indian help to procure justice for Tamils in his country is perhaps the most impassioned, well-articulated and timely call by any leader of the community from Indian soil since the days of Tamil United Liberation Front leader A. Amirthalingam. To place it further in historical context, Mr. Wigneswaran’s lecture marks the first articulation from a public platform in Chennai on the plight of Tamils by a legitimately elected leader of the community in the last 25 years since the assassination of Amirthalingam in 1989. And the first since Sri Lanka’s military project achieved unqualified success in May 2009. It was Mr. Wigneswaran’s first visit since becoming Chief Minister in an election that was held mainly because of India’s pressure on the Sri Lankan government. With a year of ineffectual attempts to govern the Province behind him, and finding himself in the hapless situation of having to remain in a largely meaningless office, lest the military tighten further its hold on the hapless Tamil populace, the former judge of the Sri Lankan Supreme Court used a human rights platform provided by the People’s Union of Civil Liberties to depict the current situation and suggest the way forward.
An Indian role in agreements
‘Safeguarding Security and Sovereignty,’ his disarmingly titled K.G. Kannabiran Memorial Lecture, was noteworthy for rooting its main arguments for an Indian role in existing agreements and understandings. Mr. Wigneswaran’s main theme may have been that freedoms cannot be suppressed in the name of security and sovereignty, and that security must be understood as “human security” rather than “regime security.” However, it was clear that it was not a dissertation on rights, but an impassioned appeal to India’s conscience. It is an appeal India cannot afford to ignore. In detail, it was moving, and in substance, it was characteristic of the way in which the moderate Tamil leadership has made a convincing case before the bar of international opinion for years. The demands it contained were drawn from the promises publicly made by the Sri Lankan government and in the guarantees that the international community impliedly sought when it gave diplomatic, moral and material support to the elimination of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE).
Mr. Wigneswaran recalled that in a joint statement with United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon in May 2009, President Mahinda Rajapaksa had promised to implement the 13th Amendment to the Sri Lankan Constitution, as well as enhance this process in negotiations with Tamil parties. While speaking on India’s legal and moral obligations, the Chief Minister referred to the 1987 Indo-Sri Lanka Accord and also added, “The military, political and intelligence assistance given by India to Sri Lanka during the final stages of the war were clearly based on the premise and/or promise that there would be a meaningful political solution.” India may seek to downplay the nature of its assistance and the Rajapaksa administration pretends as if it was just anti-terror cooperation, but neither of them can evade the moral underpinning of any form of external intervention in a politico-military conflict: that political questions cannot be resolved by war, and that instituting a putative provincial government without any powers and letting the Army run the administration by proxy cannot be a substitute for restorative justice and durable peace.
“Neither India nor Sri Lanka can evade the moral underpinning of any form of external intervention in a politico-military conflict: that political questions cannot be resolved by war.”
In his wishlist for the Indian government, the most important, undoubtedly, was his call for help to reverse the process of militarisation of his province, a phenomenon that the international community understands well, but can do little about. For, under the Mahinda Rajapaksa administration, the internal political situation has undergone a complete transformation. The international community, which underwrote Sri Lanka’s unity during both peace and war, entered the picture at a time when conflict resolution required the participation of both the government and the LTTE and a parliamentary solution to the ethnic question required the participation of the two main political parties: the Sri Lanka Freedom Party and the United National Party(UNP). However, the present configuration in the country’s parliament and the power structure in the whole island have been altered to such an extent that it really requires only the will of one man to address any question.
There is no doubt that the ongoing militarisation of the country, the attempts to change the demography of the north, the growing power of Sinhala supremacist groups and the threat they pose to national minorities, including Muslims, the subjugation of the judiciary, the stranglehold that one family has on public life in the country, the collapse of institutions and the atmosphere of intimidation and fear enveloping any likely resistance are all attributable to Mr. Rajapaksa. Mr. Wigneswaran also asked for Indian support for the return of rule of law and democracy to Sri Lanka. This is not easily achieved, as it actually means India should either convince Mr. Rajapaksa to reform his administration or obviously back a rival candidate.
A tough path to democracy
Both do not seem to be achievable goals. In his nine years as President, Mr. Rajapaksa has achieved two significant successes: monopolising the political space in the country, with the rest of the polity existing only on his sufferance, and using strategic ties with China and India to overcome the diplomatic fallout of his scarcely concealed disdain for the United Nations and for Western opinion and to ward off the threat of concerted action to investigate grave allegations of war crimes. Given the delicate balancing act he does resourcefully to keep external forces at bay, there is little hope for the restoration of rule of law during his tenure. In this backdrop, the prospect of his getting a third term is portentous. It is no more certain, as it was in past elections, if his popularity among the Sinhalese is intact. That does not however mean that he will not emerge winner in the next presidential election, expected in January.
The Tamil National Alliance (TNA) has quite a task at hand in framing its stand ahead of the election. Its support for Sarath Fonseka in the last election had the positive outcome of preventing Mr. Rajapaksa from claiming all-island support for his first regime. For Tamil parties to take a clear stand against him now may prove to be a handicap for his principal rival — someone fielded by the UNP or a possible common opposition candidate, as the Rajapaksa campaign may cite TNA support for his opponent as an imagined threat to the Sinhala nation and thus reap electoral dividends. Yet, they may have little choice, as a broad-based democratic opposition is what Sri Lanka will need most.
venkataramanan.k@thehindu.co.in

YASUYOSHI CHIBA / AFP - Getty Images
SBI net profit up 30.5 per centNew Delhi, November 14, 2014
Updated: November 14, 2014 23:10 IST
SBI net profit up 30.5 per cent
Oommen A. Ninan
State Bank of India (SBI) reported a 30.5 per cent rise in its net profit at Rs.3,100 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014 compared to Rs.2,375 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year.
The operating profit increased by 33.4 per cent to Rs.8,422 crore from Rs.6,312 crore.
Net interest income (NII) increased by 8.36 per cent to Rs.13,275 crore from Rs.12,251 crore. Fee Income increased by 18.98 per cent to Rs.3,111 crore from Rs.2,615 crore.
“We have taken a number of initiatives in the second quarter including dynamic rating of corporates,” which would help bank’s performance, said Arundhati Bhattacharya, Chairperson, SBI, while addressing a press conference here. She said systems have become much more robust and as part of NPA (non-performing assets) control, “we are going after written off accounts…. Numbers will look better and it will become even better in days to come.”
She also said that SBI launched, ‘Swayam’, the barcode based passbook printing kiosk, where customers can carry-out passbook printing in self service mode. Further she said that subsidiaries of SBI would roll out many new products in the current financial year.”
Deposits of the bank increased to Rs.14,73,785 crore in September 2014 from Rs.12,92,456 crore in September 2013, a growth of 14.03 per cent.
Gross advances increased to Rs.12,42,638 crore in September 2014 from Rs. 11,39,326 crore, a growth of 9.07 per cent. The gross NPA ratio was down by 75 bps to 4.89 per cent in the second quarter against 5.64 per cent in the corresponding period.
Gross NPAs declined to Rs.60,712 crore in September 2014, from Rs.64,206 crore in September 2013.

Tata Motors consolidated profit drops 7 per centUpdated: November 14, 2014 23:06 IST
Tata Motors consolidated profit drops 7 per cent
Ramnath Subbu
automobile
The Indian operations of leading automobile manufacturer Tata Motors continued to weigh down the company which reported a drop of 7.1 per cent in consolidated net profit for the quarter ended September 2014 at Rs 3,291 crore. Consolidated revenues rose 6.5 per cent to Rs 56,867 crore owing to a good showing by Jaguar Land Rover (JLR). The operating margin was up 60 basis points at 15.8 per cent.
C. Ramakrishnan, CFO, Tata Motors said two factors impacted JLR. "Higher tax provisioning and more importantly, with the new launches, higher depreciation and amortization while in India, some tax reversals of credits impacted the profitability."
Indian operations report loss
Tata Motors’ India operations reported a loss of Rs 1,845.63 crore (loss of 803.53 crore) on total income of Rs 8,750 crore (Rs 8,868.4 crore). Operating margin was negative 1.7 per cent (2 per cent) with tax was at Rs 738.2 crore (credit of Rs 180 crore).
"There was a sharp reversal in performance over the last 10 quarters with the medium & heavy commercial vehicle (M&HCV) sales growing 14.1 per cent due to firm freight rates and replacement demand," Ravi Pisharody, ED, CV Business, Tata Motors told a press conference. Subdued infrastructure activity and high interest rate regime impacted the quarter performance.
"The small CV segment continues to be hit by constrained financing but will pick up next year," he said. The company expects the Bolt car to be launched in the current quarter and Safari Storm facelift to drive growth.
JLR’s strong performance
An increase in wholesale volume and richer product mix saw JLR report a net profit of 450 million pounds (507 million pounds) for the September quarter on 4.2 per cent higher revenues of 4.808 billion pounds. Kenneth Gregor, CFO, JLR said the bottomline was impacted by unfavorable revaluation of foreign current debt, unrealized hedges, higher depreciation and amortization. Wholesale sales rose 2 per cent to 103,000 units while retail sales were up 8 per cent at 110,000 units. Operating profit rose 15.3 per cent at 933 million pounds and operating margin was was 19.4 per cent (17.5 per cent).
He said the China facility is expected to commence operations in the next few months and will reach a capacity of 130,000 units by 2016. "It will initially make the Range Rover Evoque and ramp up and also make Discover Sport and Jaguar XF in 2015." He said the plan was to expand the global footprint and JLR would start production at its Brazilian facility in 2016.
On the Bombay Stock Exchange, Tata Motors fell 0.47 per cent to close trade at Rs 523.8.

Paulsen questionable for SundayBy Mike Jones November 14 Follow @mikejoneswapo
Washington Redskins tight end Logan Paulsen will be listed as questionable for Sunday. (Mark E. Tenally/Associated Press)
Tight end Logan Paulsen increased his workload in Friday’s practice after being limited on Wednesday and Thursday, but the Redskins will list him as questionable for Sunday’s game against Tampa Bay because of foot and hamstring injuries.
Paulsen has been plagued by plantar fasciitis for several weeks, and also strained a hamstring. He said that he has observed improvements in both areas, however. Paulsen said he actually partially tore ligaments in his foot in the Minnesota game, and that since then, some of the pain had begun to alleviate, and the plantar fasciitis – which involves pain in the heel and inflammation of tendons — had started to improve.
“I’m feeling good. Obviously, we’ll see how it goes the next couple days, but I’m cautiously optimistic,” Paulsen said after Friday’s practice.
Paulsen has started eight of the nine games this season and serves as Washington’s primary blocking tight end. He has nine catches for 46 yards.
The Redskins would lean more heavily on Niles Paul and Jordan Reed if Paulsen is unable to play.
“Well, Niles has been playing a lot, and Jordan obviously,” coach Jay Gruden said. “All three are well-equipped to play the position. We feel pretty good about Logan’s progress so far. I think by Sunday, he’s got a great opportunity to pay. But, we’ll check him out tomorrow.”
Also practicing fully despite receiving treatment for injuries: quarterback Robert Griffin III (ankle), safety Ryan Clark (shoulder), linebacker Keenan Robinson (shoulder), linebacker Ryan Kerrigan (wrist) and running back Silas Redd (back).
The Tampa Bay Buccaneers have ruled out running back Doug Martin because of an ankle injury.
The Kickoff:
For the Redskins, success against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers will hinge on the play of quarterback Robert Griffin III and improving their poor turnover ratio. The Post's Mike Jones previews Sunday's game. (Randolph Smith/The Washington Post)
Mike Jones covers the Washington Redskins for The Washington Post. When not writing about a Redskins development of some kind – which is rare – he can be found screaming and cheering at one of his kids’ softball, baseball, soccer or basketball games.

Congress can derail Obamas global warming fantasiesComments
By Ed Rogers November 14 Follow @EdRogersDC
The White House would have us believe that the president is unfazed by the midterm election debacle. There is plenty of coverage of President Obama’s upcoming unilateral actions on immigration and his yawner of an announcement of a non-binding agreement on global warming with the Chinese, but another executive overreach may be about to take place that will do a lot to reinforce voters’ reasons for voting against the Democrats and emphasize the notion that the president doesn’t get it. The New York Times revealed today that the president is about to announce that three billion dollars of U.S. taxpayer money will be given to other countries to help “the world’s poorest adapt to the ravages of climate change.”
Seriously?
The Democrats love to taunt Republicans about not “getting” the science of climate change. Well, if the president goes through with his plan to hand billions to foreign countries as part of his global warming crusade, he will be getting another lesson in the political science of foolishly wasting American tax dollars on climate change, an issue many Americans don’t really care about.
The new Republican majorities in the House and Senate could seize on this latest blatant tone-deaf overreach and use it to build serious opposition to the Democrats’ dream of a wealth transfer from America to who knows where.   Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) already said the president’s agreement with the Chinese “is the latest example of the president’s crusade against affordable, reliable energy that is already hurting jobs and squeezing middle-class families.” Republicans in the House and Senate are going to be focused on passing the Keystone XL Pipeline, rolling back onerous EPA regulations and increasing American energy security in the 114th Congress – not on helping the president raise Americans’ power bills and sending money we don’t have to foreign lands.  I would love to see a poll on whether or not American voters think we should borrow money from the Chinese to send to remote places around the globe to fight “global warming.”
Remarkably, another quote from the New York Times article reveals a threat to the United States.  The authors quote Rachel Kyte, World Bank Group Vice President and Special Envoy for Climate Change, as saying, “Put money on the table and we’ll talk; if you don’t put money on the table then we’ll walk.” I’m sorry, you want America to pay you for what? Apparently, Ms. Kyte and others believe the global warming alarmists who say certain countries face extinction because of climate change. Are they threatening to storm out of the room and just allow themselves to drown in the rising tides if we don’t offer them enough money from American taxpayers? Well, that would show greedy Americans a thing or two. It is just surreal. And, oh by the way, this brilliant idea that Americans should pay for a global warming solution for other countries is not championed by a real scientist.  Ms. Kyte is British, a college professor and a bureaucrat with a degree in politics from the University of London.  Sounds tailor-made for the Obama worldview.
Basically, even before asking questions about how these countries are spending their current treasure, President Obama wants us to sign on to send our hard-earned money overseas to fight climate change. If climate change is upon us, why don’t we spend American money in Mobile before we send it to Mauritius?
Let Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY), Speaker Boehner and company get their hands on this. There should be votes in both Houses to establish a clear record and to let members of Congress be heard on the question of whether or not we should be using the U.S. Treasury to finance Obama and the Democrats’ fantasies of fighting global warming. We can only imagine what the money would actually be used for. Luckily, we will probably only be left with imagining, because there is zero chance that a crackpot plan like this will pass in today’s Congress. Elections have consequences.
 
Follow Ed on Twitter:  @EdRogersDC
Ed Rogers is a contributor to the PostPartisan blog, a political consultant and a veteran of the White House and several national campaigns. He is the chairman of the lobbying and communications firm BGR Group, which he founded with former Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour in 1991.

Aaliyah: The Princess of R&B producers defend  explain controversial Lifetime biopicBy Emily Yahr November 14 Follow @emilyyahr
Alexandra Shipp stars as Aaliyah. (Christos Kalohoridis/Lifetime)
No matter what, celebrity biopics inevitably stir up issues as they try to bring someone’s life to the screen. No one is more aware of that than the producers of “Aaliyah: The Princess of R&B,” the Lifetime movie airing Saturday night about the superstar singer who died in a plane crash when she was 22.
Trouble started brewing this summer when Aaliyah’s family told TMZ and the New York Daily News that they didn’t think Lifetime was the right venue for Aaliyah’s life story — and declined to hand over the music rights. Then, Zendaya Coleman, originally cast to play the star, dropped out of the movie, putting production on hold.
Eventually things got back on track: The network cast Alexandra Shipp in the leading role, and scheduled Nov. 15 premiere date. But the movie, which chronicles Aaliyah’s rise to fame as a teen, also struck a negative chord with fans when they revealed it would include some salacious details, including her reported marriage to R. Kelly at age 15.
Damage control time! Filmmakers got on the phone with reporters recently to try to calm fears about the film.
Executive producers Howard Braunstein and Debra Martin Chase, along with author Christopher Farley (whose book “Aaliyah: More Than a Woman” was the basis for the movie) explained that they aimed to create a very tasteful tribute to a star who “led an incredible life in 22 short years.”
Cue the avalanche of questions about Aaliyah’s family’s disapproval and the fact that they don’t have rights to the music.
To clarify: While the movie couldn’t use original Aaliyah recordings, they were able to obtain publishing rights, so Shipp recorded covers of the songs. Producers promised that roadblock didn’t impact moving forward with the movie.
“We’re trying to honor this woman and tell this story of this journey and her overcoming obstacles,” Farley said. “We felt we had enough of the music to still make a terrific film, and we’re excited to tell the story we were telling.”
The R. Kelly element has also caused a stir, as one reporter on the call wondered if it will draw heat given that her family never officially confirmed the nuptials — even though journalists found marriage records (on which Aaliyah lied about her age). Lifetime has already released a clip of a scene in which the movie version of Aaliyah tells her parents she and R. Kelly are married. It doesn’t go well.
The trio argued that R. Kelly, as controversial as he may be, was part of Aaliyah’s life, and an important influence on her music. Farley, who has done extensive research into her life, reiterated that the marriage is a matter of public record, not fictional drama.
“The evidence is there that they were married,” Chase added. “We tried to keep it very tasteful and respectful in our portrayal.”
Braunstein shot down the family’s claims that Lifetime never reached out to them about the movie.
“We absolutely reached out to them, and Lifetime did too,” he said. “They chose not to cooperate with it.” He said that he has no concerns about threats to block to the movie from airing. “Hopefully they’ll enjoy it,” he said. “I hope they’ll be proud.”
Were they rattled by all the Twitter-furor over casting and other controversies? Producers admitted that the fury “was hard to ignore, but you can’t dwell on it,” noting that these fans didn’t really know what was going on with production.
“Biopics are hard,” Chase admitted. “People have an opinion and social media allows them to voice that opinion. But at the end of the day, our goal was to make the best movie possible.”
Emily Yahr covers pop culture and entertainment for the Post. Follow her on Twitter @EmilyYahr .

How conservatives will legally fight Obamas immigration action -- and how hell defend itBy Max Ehrenfreund November 14 Follow @MaxEhrenfreund
If Congress doesn't act, Obama will. Is that constitutional? (Alex Wong/Getty Images)
As President Obama prepares to issue an  an executive order  deferring deportations for millions of undocumented immigrants, legal experts are debating whether the measure would withstand a challenge in the courts.
House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) believes that any unilateral change to the immigration system would be a breach of the president's constitutional authority. He is considering including the executive order in a House lawsuit targeting other executive actions the Republican Party considers excessive. Boehner has been threatening sue the president for several months,  although a complaint is yet to be filed .
Legal experts said House Republicans would have trouble showing that they have a right to sue Obama for his actions -- or, in legal parlance, that they have standing. In most court cases, a party cannot sue unless it has been harmed in a definite way.
On the other hand, a state government might be able to make the case by pointing to the additional cost of providing education and welfare for immigrant families. In an interview with Fox News this week, Governor-elect Greg Abbott (R-Tex.) promised to sue the administration in response to any new executive order.
"This is going to lead to a tremendous backlash all across America about the dictatorial way the president is going about trying to enact policy," Abbott said.
But legal experts are divided on the matter.
"I think the obvious plaintiff for that lawsuit would be states," said Elizabeth Foley, a law professor at Florida International University. "They will be granted standing."
Steve Vladeck, a law professor at American University, predicted that judges would be reluctant to grant standing, partly because they would not want to get involved in a partisan debate. "It's not that it's a long shot," he said. "I think it's a no shot."
"This is a political conflict, not a judicial one," he added. "The courts are of the mind that if the political branches are acting like children, they should be forced to resolve their own disputes."
Legislators have other constitutional means of restraining executive authority outside the courts -- in extreme cases, by impeaching the president or by withholding funding, which is what some Republicans say they want to do if Obama carries through his plan.
If a court does grant someone standing to sue Obama over his immigration policy, the questions become murkier. Supporters of the administration have long argued the president can defer deportations for immigrants for the same basic reason that cops aren't required to enforce every law all the time.
"Not everybody who jaywalks gets a ticket," said Kamal Essaheb, an attorney at the National Immigration Law Center. "There is clear authority here."
It's a legal principle known as prosecutorial discretion , and it was behind the president's 2012 decision to suspend deportation for some young immigrants, known often as "dreamers," who illegally came to the United States as children.
The Heritage Foundation's Derrick Morgan argued that deferring deportations and possibly granting work permits for millions of immigrants "stretches the concept of prosecutorial discretion way too far."
"That's more akin to rewriting the law," he said.
Foley noted that typically when civil agencies or law enforcement officers establish priorities, they do so because they don't have the resources to do everything Congress has asked them to do. The Obama administration has not only been complaining about a lack of funds, though.
"They're just saying, 'We don't think it's a good policy,' and that's where they're potentially going to get themselves into trouble," Foley said, adding that she says the best path is a comprehensive overhaul of immigration law overseen by Congress.
But Hiroshi Motomura, a legal scholar at the University of California, Los Angeles, said that it would be impossible for federal officials to deport all of the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country. He argued that Obama can't be blamed for trying to sort out the consequences of years of lax enforcement.
"This is a system that Congress created," Motomura said.
Max Ehrenfreund is a blogger on the Financial desk and writes for Know More and Wonkblog.

http://usat.ly/1vaUpt3FacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Papers filed to close Trump Taj Mahal casino
The owner of the struggling Trump Taj Mahal Casino Resort filed court papers on Friday saying it will close next month, making it the fifth of the city's 12 casinos to shut down this year.
Post to Facebook
Papers filed to close Trump Taj Mahal casino The owner of the struggling Trump Taj Mahal Casino Resort filed court papers on Friday saying it will close next month, making it the fifth of the city's 12 casinos to shut down this year. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uvFNSU
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
34
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Papers filed to close Trump Taj Mahal casino
Wayne Parry and Randall Chase, AP 11:02 p.m. EST November 14, 2014
The Trump Taj Mahal Casino Resort in Atlantic City.
(Photo: Wayne Parry, AP)
352 CONNECT 52 TWEET 31 LINKEDIN 34 COMMENTEMAILMORE
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. — The owner of the struggling Trump Taj Mahal Casino Resort filed court papers on Friday saying it will close next month, making it the fifth of the city's 12 casinos to shut down this year.
In filing a revised reorganization plan in Delaware bankruptcy court, Trump Entertainment Resorts said its board has approved a shutdown of the casino by Dec. 12. It had threatened to close by then if its main union didn't drop its appeal of a court-ordered cost-savings package.
The company said the closing will happen because it has not received the state and local tax breaks it sought in a bid to keep the Taj Mahal open. It advised New Jersey's Division of Gaming Enforcement of its intention to wind down operations of the Taj Mahal and to close it on or about Dec. 12.
"The debtors have initiated appropriate steps to cease operations at the Taj Mahal consistent with that time frame," Trump Entertainment attorneys wrote.
Company officials declined to comment Friday afternoon.
With the union appealing a bankruptcy court order terminating its collective bargaining agreement and the company's pension funding obligations and New Jersey officials refusing to grant tax concessions, the Taj Mahal's 3,000 workers will soon join some 8,000 other Atlantic City casino workers who have lost their jobs this year.
Mayor Don Guardian said he knows this is a difficult time for all the people who'll be out of work.
"I want them to know that the city of Atlantic City did everything they could to help keep the Trump Taj Mahal open," he said. "However, (the company and its officials) still must pay their fair share of taxes, just like our residents do."
Trump Entertainment is pursuing a longshot plan to let billionaire investor Carl Icahn exchange $286 million in debt for ownership of the company. He would invest $100 million into it, but only if the company gets $175 million in state and local tax breaks.
Bob McDevitt, president of Local 54 of the Unite-HERE casino workers union, faulted Icahn's attempt to acquire the Taj Mahal.
"We are all waiting for Mr. Icahn to step up and become part of the solution and stop pointing fingers, threatening and demanding," he said. "For once maybe he could do the right thing instead of trying to bully everyone."
Icahn has said the union is accusing him of trying to take advantage of the company's situation even though no one else was willing to invest a dollar in it.
Atlantic City has been caught in an eight-year downward spiral caused mainly by the proliferation of casinos in neighboring states.
When the first Pennsylvania casino opened in late 2006, Atlantic City's annual casino revenues were $5.2 billion. Last year they were $2.86 billion, and they will be significantly less than that this year.
A panel appointed by Gov. Chris Christie is recommending ways to help the city and its remaining casinos, including tax relief, additional aid and an emergency manager to help tame the city's finances.
Meanwhile, Trump Entertainment's committee of unsecured creditors asked U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Kevin Gross in Wilmington, Delaware, to terminate the company's exclusive right as a debtor to file a reorganization plan so the committee could file its own liquidation plan. A hearing on the request for an alternate plan is scheduled for Dec. 4, about a week before the casino is to close.
The Trump Taj Mahal is Trump Entertainment's last casino. It used to own two others: It sold the Trump Marina to Texas-based Landry's Inc., which converted it into the Golden Nugget, and it closed the Trump Plaza on Sept. 16.
AP Business Writer Randall Chase reported from Wilmington, Del.
352 CONNECT 52 TWEET 31 LINKEDIN 34 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1uvFNSU
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

Postgame: Capitals need a little more urgency in loss to DevilsBy Alex Prewitt November 14 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
They opened the locker room fast, no closed-door meeting to be held, because all the Washington Capitals understood how Friday night slipped away. They mustered little pressure against the New Jersey Devils, or not enough in time. They had 19 shots blocked, including eight on forward Alex Ovechkin, and failed to score on four power plays against the league’s worst penalty kill. And their goaltender, normally solid with the puck, blundered at the most inopportune moment, in a game everyone understood would pivot on one error.
“It was going to be one mistake, a power-play goal or something, that was going to win that hockey game,” Coach Barry Trotz said. “It was. You don’t know what mistake it was going to be. I thought it was a tough break for us.”
The postgame focus remained on goaltender Braden Holtby, whose botched clearing pass reached the stick of Devils winger Mike Cammalleri , who in turn launched the puck into the open net, the only goal in a 1-0 Capitals loss, their first in four games. But Washington also got shut out for the first time this season and fell to a team it trounced by four goals in this same building last month . Any energy found after Cammalleri’s score came too late.
“That’s what we talked about a little bit after, that urgency we had was great right then,” defenseman Karl Alzner said. “We needed that a little bit sooner. I don’t think we had that as much at the beginning of the game. Our starts have typically been pretty good I think this year at least, and we needed that tonight. We didn’t quite get it until it was a little bit too late. That is nice to see, but it’s those 60-minute games that we need.”
With this bitterness in tow, the Capitals now embark on a six-day, three-game road trip. They will face the scorching-hot St. Louis Blues, owners of a 9-1 record over their past 10 games, before visiting cellar-dwelling Arizona (6-9-1, last in the Pacific Division) and Colorado (5-8-5, last in the Central Division).
“You can’t change it,” Trotz said. “You’ve just got to deal with it. I would’ve loved to get the win tonight against a divisional opponent, but we’ve been pretty good on the road this year. We’ll go into a tough building and win some hockey games.”
The defiance shown as the players packed quietly, a late-night flight ahead, would have been better served from the opening puck drop, all agreed. The first two periods passed without consequence, three penalties killed by both sides, neither Holtby nor Devils goaltender Cory Schneider relenting. New Jersey arrived with the league’s 30th-ranked penalty kill, at 66.7 percent. It left having silenced the league’s third-most effective power play over eight minutes.
“They did a good job,” Trotz said. “They had some adjustments. We had the one power play in the second period, we were in their end for quite a while, and we had one in the first. We had the zone time. We just weren’t getting pucks through. You give them a lot of credit. They were blocking pucks, they were just getting enough so we couldn’t get a clean shot, and when we could get a clean look, their goaltender was solid. Some nights you’re going to get tons of looks and you’ll be a hair off.”
And even before Holtby tried to pass to forward Marcus Johansson, felt Jaromir Jagr’s stick whack his and watched Cammalleri whip the puck into the cage, the Capitals felt one mistake would change the scoreless game.
“Yeah, I said to our guys, a little more urgency on plays and that might be the difference,” Trotz said. “When you get in these games where it’s tight checking and close to the vest, it’s going to be that extra effort by someone to break free and the urgency on that puck just to make something happen. Sometimes that’s just the difference.
“It’s not panic or anything. That little extra something to pop a puck free so that maybe you catch someone off-guard and it’s in the net, may be the difference. It wasn’t that we weren’t urgent. That’s the difference in those close games. You have that little more urgency than them, that might be the difference.”
INJURY NOTE: Forward Liam O’Brien was scratched with an upper-body injury and is officially day-to-day. “There’s a chance he’ll play [Saturday],” Trotz said. Forward Chris Brown, called up from Hershey to start in O’Brien’s stead, will travel with the team to St. Louis. After placing Brooks Laich onto injured reserve, the Capitals are currently at the NHL roster maximum of 23.
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

BJP leaders protest over taking support from "corrupt" NCPPrint
By: Express News Service | Pune | Posted: November 15, 2014 11:09 am
The new political equation that has emerged during Wednesday’s  trust-vote of Devendra Fadnavis government in Maharashtra, has not gone down well with a section of BJP leaders with some of them openly venting out anger against their party allegedly taking support from NCP to gain power.
In one such show of protest, prominent  BJP leaders from neighbouring Ahmednagar district staged “Atma-klesh” agitation to express their strong sentiments over “alliance with corrupt NCP”, on Friday.
“The NCP along with Congress created troubles for BJP and RSS workers in past. We feel deeply hurt after our party has developed affinity with same NCP now in government formation,” senior BJP leaders from Ahmednagar Heramb Auti and Sunil Mutha said.
“Grass-root BJP workers toiled hard during Assembly polls to ensure victory for party. Voters have dejected NCP by reducing it to smallest in numbers among established parties. We have  no explanation to offer to our workers and voters now over alliance with corrupt NCP, ” they added.
The BJP leaders also blamed Shiv Sena for its “irresponsible and arrogant” behavior during pre and post poll talks with BJP, resulting into  severing of old ties and giving scope to  NCP in political equations in Maharashtra.

Modi urges  people-driven  reforms  G20 nations call for higher growthAt G20, Modi talks reforms, seeks black money cooperation
Agencies  Brisbane, November 15, 2014
First Published: 14:55 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:32 IST(16/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi brought to the world stage his promise to bring back black money stashed abroad, pitching for global cooperation to tackle the menace at his first G20 summit on Saturday.
Heads of states and international organizations pose for the 'family photo' during the G20 Summit in Brisbane. (AFP Photo)
He told G20 leaders as well as heads of the five-nation BRICS bloc that “repatriation” of black money is his government’s priority and sent a message that economic reforms for tangible growth should be “people-centric and people-driven” and insulated from politics.
Modi underscored the security and economic challenges that slush funds pose to the international community and sought close coordination among the nations to achieve the objective of bringing back home Indian slush money kept hidden abroad.
“Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a key priority for us,” said the Prime Minister, one of the most sought-after leaders at the summit, who stood next to British premier David Cameron at the customary photo-op in a bandhgala with a pink pocket square masking the grey.
External affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said it was the first time that the “security dimensions” of black money have been brought to focus. Modi’s pitch was in line with summit host Australia’s promise for a “very aggressive” crackdown on tax avoidance, which goes with India seeking strong action by the G20 nations against tax havens.
The two-day summit is being held at a time tax avoidance by multinational companies were reportedly organising tax-lowering deals with Luxembourg and pressure from anti-corruption advocates, urging the major economies to stem the flow of slush funds across borders.
Later in the day, Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a retreat hosted by his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott that economic reforms were handicapped by the perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people. He said this needs to change.
“Reform is bound to face resistance ... (it) must be insulated from political pressure,” Modi said and pointed out that it cannot be undertaken by “stealth”.
His comments in Brisbane come days before the start of the winter session of Parliament in which key but controversial legislations on opening up the pension and insurance sectors are expected to be taken up.
Modi also called for a common strategy to tackle global terrorism at meetings with French president Francois Hollande and Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper on the sidelines of the summit.
He told both leaders that religion should be delinked from terrorism.
Host Abbott got a Modi “jhappi” (hug) that the Australian media described as the “standout shake” of the summit — distinct from the formal handshakes.
The Australian leader posted a photo of Modi sharing a lighter moment with US President Barack Obama and himself during the retreat. “The BBQ lunch with @narendramodi and @BarackObama was an opportunity for #G20 Leaders to talk in a relaxed atmosphere,” Abbott posted.

People do not spare who fail to deliver on promises: SachinPilotPrint
Sachin Pilot said BJP does not have true integrity
By: Press Trust of India | Jhunjhunu (rajasthan) | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:01 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 5:46 pm
Rajasthan Congress Chief Sachin Pilot attacked the BJP government of not keeping its word, including providing employment to youth, saying people do not spare those who fail to deliver on their promises.
This has been proved following the result of the recent Assembly by-polls held in the state, he said.
Addressing a gathering of party workers here, Pilot on Friday said “BJP had made slew of promises before coming to power. One of them was providing employment to 15 lakh youth, but 11 months have passed since the government has formed and not single person has been employed.”
He also alleged that BJP government was bent upon ending the welfare schemes initiated by the erstwhile Ashok Gehlot government.
“People are aware of the fact that due to such welfare schemes, how many people were getting free medicines, how many patients were being treated free of cost,” Pilot said.
At another workers’ meet at Sikar, Pilot accused BJP of dividing the society and said “BJP neither has a leader nor a policy.”
He also accused the BJP government of changing the process of electing heads of the municipal councils, saying the party does not have true integrity.
He appealed the workers to remain united and ensure the party’s victory in the municipal polls.

I want to work with Vishal Bhardwaj: KalkiKoechlinKalki Koechlin: I am a huge fan of Vishal and I want to work with him.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:01 pm
Actress Kalki Koechlin, who has maintained a balance between art and commercial cinema, says she now wants to work with filmmaker Vishal Bhardwaj.
“I am a huge fan of Vishal and I want to work with him. His films are both commercial and offbeat. I think he is very talented,” said the actress. “I want to do lead role (in his film) but if you (I) don’t get then also its fine,” added Kalki who will next be seen in ‘Happy Ending.
Directed by Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K, the film also stars Govinda, Saif Ali Khan, Ileana D’Cruz and Ranvir Shorey.
Talking about her role in the film, Kalki said: “I am playing a crazy girl who is obsessed with Saif’s character in the film. It’s a rom-com and it also has a scoop. We have tried to make a fun film with a happy ending.”
And the actress is not worried about the movie’s success too.
“I have done films which were not hit but that’s fine. For me, appreciation of performances are more important than film becoming a hit. We all work and try to improve and better yourself.”
‘Happy Ending’ is slated for a Nov 21 release.

Rihanna excited about newalbumBy: Press Trust of India | London | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:53 pm
R&B star Rihanna has promised fans that her new album is worth getting “excited” about.
The 26-year-old singer remained vague on when her new material will be released, but said that it has been a challenge to outdo her previous work, reported Digital Spy.
“I can’t give you any hints of when it will drop. It’s going to be great, that’s all I’m going to tell you, and I’m excited about it,” she said. A rumoured tracklisting for Rihanna’s new album emerged online last month, featuring collaborations with Drake and Nicki Minaj.

Miley Cyrus  Patrick Schwarzenegger lock lips ateventThe couple were attending the USC Trojans football game against the California Golden Bears at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. (Source: AP)
By: Press Trust of India | Los Angeles | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:50 pm
Pop star Miley Cyrus and Patrick Schwarzenegger were spotted kissing at an event. The couple were attending the USC Trojans football game against the California Golden Bears at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, reported Ace Showbiz.
In some pictures, Patrick was seen carrying his cellphone to capture the heavy PDA on selfies. In one of the pictures, Cyrus was seen wrapping her arm around Patrick as they shared a kiss.
In another picture, Cyrus laid her head on Patrick’s shoulder while they were posing for a selfie. Arnold Schwarzenegger’s son first revealed his crush on Cyrus back in 2011.

Microsoft becomes 2nd most valuable company behind AppleInfosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
The bull run in Microsoft’s stock this past year has helped the tech giant surpass Exxon Mobil and seize the rank of the second most valuable company, behind Apple Inc.
Under new CEO Satya Nadella, Microsoft has worked to overcome its reputation as a clumsy behemoth struggling to keep up with new tech trends and consumer habits. Nadella has cut expenses – and jobs – while pledging to refocus the company on mobile technology and cloud computing. His efforts have fueled a stock surge that drove Microsoft’s total market value above $410 billion on Friday. That leapfrogged Exxon’s value of $404 billion, which has been dinged by the drop in oil prices.
”Microsoft has made a strategic change,” said Daniel Ives, a tech analyst at FBR Capital Markets. He said Nadella still faces challenges with a company that’s heavily reliant on the declining personal computer market. But compared with other longtime tech stalwarts, such as IBM, Hewlett-Packard and Oracle, ”Microsoft has done the best job of trying to skate where the puck is going,” Ives said.
Apple Inc  is currently the world’s most valuable company, with a market capitalization of more than $668 billion. That’s more than the $616 billion that Microsoft was worth when it was No. 1 in December 1999. Microsoft shares fell sharply the next year.
But the Redmond, Washington company has earned greater cachet on Wall Street over the last 18 months. Its stock has risen nearly 70 percent since April 2013, when activist investment firm ValueAct Capital announced it had taken a $2 billion stake in the company and would scrutinize its strategy. Within a few months, longtime CEO Steve Ballmer announced plans to retire. The move was described as unrelated.
Since then, Nadella has announced new initiatives to expand in cloud computing, which promises to be more lucrative than the traditional model of selling software that is installed on clients’ computers. Microsoft has also promised a redesign of its flagship Windows operating system and released versions of other popular software for smartphones and tablets, including devices made by competitor Apple.
Microsoft shares have outperformed the tech-heavy NASDAQ Composite Index, which gained about 45 percent in the same 18-month period. The stock hit $50.04 on Friday, its highest point since early 2000, before slipping to the $49.50 range in afternoon trading.
TAGS: Apple Inc Microsoft Corp
More from companies

Congress  PDP didnt support me in revocation of AFSPA: OmarAbdullahJammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah
By: Press Trust of India | Ganderbal (j&k) | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:37 pm
 
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Saturday accused both his coalition partner Congress and opposition Peoples’ Democratic Party of not supporting him in his endeavour to get controversial Armed Forces Special Powers Act revoked.
He also said PDP did not support him as the opposition party saw “politics” in it and thought the credit would go to the National Conference (NC).
“There are no two thoughts (that Congress could have supported but they did not). Though I cannot say that Congress was not with me because no one helped me in this the way (former Home Minister) Chidambaram did. I wish there were one or two more ministers like Chidambaram in the Cabinet Committee on Security, then today we would have come a long way forward in the revocation of AFSPA,” Omar told reporters after addressing an election rally here.
The NC working president said while Chidambaram failed to convince his cabinet colleagues at the Centre, the chief minister could not convince his cabinet colleagues from Congress in the state.
“When I talked about revocation of AFSPA, the PDP president said that you cannot do it as such and will have to take the advice of the (armed) forces. Whatever they (PDP) say today, let them, but they did not support us that time. Had they extended their complete support to us, perhaps we could have talked on a unified platform and we could have achieved something. But they did not, they saw politics in it and thought that its credit would go to the NC and they would be at loss, so they opposed it,” he added.
The chief minister said he tried his best but could not achieve his goal.
“I say this that I have not been able to do it. It is not something which is hidden. I tried my best. If I had lacked in my efforts then people would have said so. But unfortunately, we couldn’t do it. But if not in this government, then in the next one, we will do it,” he said.

Asia s security must not be based on intimidation : ObamaUpdated: November 15, 2014 20:10 IST
Asia's security must not be based on intimidation: Obama
IANS
Tweet
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with U.S. President Barack Obama and Myanmar's President Thein Sein at the photo session during the G 20 Summit in Brisbane on Saturday. Photo: PTI
U.S. President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping arrive to take a group photo at the G20 summit in Brisbane on Saturday. Photo: Reuters
TOPICS
defence
Security in the Asia-Pacific region must depend on international law and the peaceful resolution of disputes, not on “intimidation”, U.S. President Barack Obama said on Saturday ahead of the G20 summit here, media reported.
Addressing students in Brisbane, Mr. Obama emphasised that Asia’s security must be based on mutual alliances and big nations must not bully smaller ones, according to a BBC report.
“We believe... that any effective security order for Asia must be based not on spheres of influence, coercion or intimidation, where big nations bully the small, but on alliances for mutual security, international law and... the peaceful resolution of disputes,” Mr. Obama was quoted as saying.
He warned of the dangers posed by territorial disputes in the South China Sea, where Beijing’s perceived assertiveness has raised concern among its neighbours.
There was “no question” over U.S.’s commitment to its Asia-Pacific allies, Mr. Obama added.
President Obama said Russia’s “aggression” towards Ukraine was a “threat to the world”, citing the downing of the Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 last July.
Mr. Putin was earlier attacked by both Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and British Prime Minister David Cameron over what the West believes to be Russian complicity in the downing of the flight.
Thirty eight Australians were among the 298 people who died when the plane was brought down over rebel-held eastern Ukraine, by a missile that the West believes was supplied by Russia. However, Russia stridently rejects the claim.

BCCI calls emergent meeting on Nov 18  Srinivasan to attendBCCI calls emergent meeting on Nov 18, Srinivasan to attend
PTI
New Delhi, November 15, 2014
First Published: 16:02 IST(15/11/2014)
print
The BCCI has called an Emergent Working Committee Meeting on November 18 to discuss the scheduling of its Annual General Meeting which has been postponed by four weeks after President-in-exile N Srinivasan was named by the Supreme Court in the IPL spot-fixing scandal.
related stories
IPL fixing scam: Mudgal panel report clears Srinivasan; indicts Meiyappan, Raj Kundra
The AGM was originally scheduled for November 20 but has been postponed.
It is learnt that Srinivasan will attend the meeting as the chief of the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA) where the members of the all-powerful sub-committee of the Board will be apprised of the current situation in Chennai.
"The BCCI's lawyers will apprise the WC members of the situation and the legal implications. Obviously, for BCCI to announce a fresh date for the AGM, one needs to call a Working Committee Meeting. The AGM is now likely to be held in the third week of December," a BCCI official told PTI today.
Since the next hearing of the Supreme Court is on November 24, the BCCI decided to postpone its AGM -- primarily because majority of the members want the Tamil Nadu strongman to be in the clear as he is vying for a second term as BCCI president.
Yesterday, the Supreme Court named Srinivasan, his son-in-law Gurunath Meiyappan, Rajasthan Royals co-owner Raj Kundra, cricket administrator Sundar Raman, who were all probed by the Justice Mudgal committee. The top court said had it had found "some misdemeanour by certain persons" and indicted them in the IPL6 scam.
It also ordered that supply of relevant portions of the report to the four so that they can file their objections within four days of receipt of the report.
"Certain findings recorded by the Committee are understood to have indicted some individuals against whose conduct investigation has been conducted. The report also deals with the conduct of the players which are for the present held back," the bench said.
The court did not give details of the indictment or the misdemeanour or the persons who committed it.

Chess World Championship - Carlsen vs Anand Game 6 liveprint
In the sixth game of the World Chess Championship Viswanathan Anand playing with black pieces lost to Magnus Carlsen.
Move 26, which will go down in the history books, as one of the most shocking set of moves played in a top level game, saw Carlsen blunder and Vishy blunder back which changed the course of the game.
Game board
Analysis
Initially, game 6 saw a flurry of moves from both players. There were no surprises in the opening. Anand went for the famous Sicilian defence again which he chose last time when played black, thus encouraging active play.
The game was fast-paced with both the players taking less than fifteen minutes for the first 12 moves. Carlsen went for a queen trade-off in the ninth move.
Susan Polgar, famous chess commentator, tweeted, "Qxd8 Kxd8 Queens already off the board. Basically white has very little initiatives in this line. Slow squeeze coming."
After 12 moves, white had two bishops intact but also had two pawns lined up in the 'c' file and Black's positon was cramped and also caslting was no more an option.
 
The 'G7' pawn
When Carlsen started marching his 'H' pawn into opposition camp to start squeezing Anand for space, he responded with 'H6'. Which was not appreciated by many chess experts.
The commentators immediately shot-off, "Not a very good move by Vishy. His 'G' pawn may come under threat later."
Polgar tweeted, "H6 - I am not a fan of this move. g7 pawn can be a target for Magnus later. Black is still ok but Magnus has room to squeeze". She continued, "to defend g7, Anand will swing the other Rook to g8, and not the h Rook as white has Bd3 - Bh7."
As expected, Magnus started attacking the 'G7' pawn.
Chess Grandmaster Teymur Rajabov tweeted, "Terrible choice by Anand today. Just worse, being worse on Saturday all day long is unpleasant,bad week-end choice."
Chess commentator Nigel Short was not happy with Anand's choices today, "Actually I don't like the Black position at all. I guess Black needs Nf8 and g5 as a defence, but there are tactical problems there too."
World No 2 Fabiano Caruana tweeted, "Passive and unpleasant position for Anand - something went very wrong. Now we can settle down for a long grind."
To sum it up, it was a very bad position for Anand. Against a player like Magnus who is looking for even a smallest lee-way to pounce, this was a setback.
Slowly Anand started to make amendments with some quiet moves like putting his bishop in a better square, and pushing his queen side pawns up the board to create some sort of pressure in case Carlsen fails to make any inroads. 
A blunder and a counter-blunder
Probably 'move 26' will go down in chess history as one of the most shocking moments witnessed in a top level game. In what can be described as a 'monumental blunder' Carlsen moved king to d2.
If Anand had waited and weighed his options even for a minute he would have went with 26... Nxe5 27. Rxg8 Nxc4+ 28. Kd3 Nb2+ 29. Ke2 Rxg8 30. Rxh6. This line of play would have dramatically changed the game.
Instead of capturing Magnus' 'E5' pawn, Anand replied with 'A4' in less than 12 seconds without much thinking. It proved to be a 'monumental counter-blunder'.
Here is the video of the moment
As it can be seen clearly, Magnus realised his mistake when he started noting down his move. He stops writing for some time when his blunder soaked in! Even though Vishy took some time to think, he went ahead with blundered back, followed by Magnus putting his head down in total disbelief at his luck.
The entire chess world erupted at once. Most of them were at a loss of words to describe what they had just witnessed. Chess Grand Master Nakamura thought it was a 'transmission error'.
Polgar tweeted, "Still stunned about what happened! It is not so often in this level for 2 top players to blunder back to back. This was the gift of the match for Anand and he did not see it. What a bad time for Anand to play instantly after Kd2!"
Nigel Short gave a criket analogy to describe the blunder, "Magnus got away with a huge error. Almost as bad as dropping Rohit Sharma when he was on 4 runs"
Russian Chess Grand Master Kramink who was commentating was asked how would one recover from such an oversight, he replied, "My experience is that you don't recover."
That is what exactly happened to Anand. After the blunder he never recovered and it will also have a scarring effect in the games to follow. Anand's mistake will haunt him for a very long time.
There was noting much left to play for. White started gobbling up Anand's pawns, and Anand never had a chance to recover back.
Post-match presser
When Magnus was asked about the blunder he said, "Immediately after I made my move, I realised. I'm extremely lucky."
Magnus added, "Anand didn't expect it to happen. So I escaped. I'm massively relived."
When Anand was asked the same, "When you are not expecting a gift, sometimes you won't take it. I realised after playing too. It was a terrible game."
Here is the video of the press conference
Previous games
Add this to your flipboard Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Dont's miss any stories, follow our World Chess Championship magazine View my Flipboard Magazine.

No let up in appetite for gold  demand surges 39 % in Q3Updated: November 13, 2014 23:44 IST
No let up in appetite for gold, demand surges 39 % in Q3
Ramnath Subbu
Tweet
PTI
Indian appetite for gold jumped by more than a third in Q3, in sharp contrast to the rest of the world, boosted by jewellery demand for the wedding season, the World Gold Council said on Thursday. File photo
TOPICS
gold and precious material
In contrast to global demand for gold which declined by 2 per cent in the third quarter of calendar 2014, India’s appetite for the yellow metal surged 39 per cent during the same period in volume terms to 225.1 tonnes.
Although this was on a low base last year, when the government restrictions on gold were introduced, gold jewellery demand surged 60 per cent to 182.9 tonnes, according to figures released by World Gold Council (WGC). However, investment demand in India over the same period declined 10 per cent to 42.2 tonnes. There was a marked decline in gold recycled during the period at 18.2 tonnes (53 tonnes).
In value terms, India’s demand for gold rose 31 per cent at Rs 56,219.3 crore with jewellery demand up 51 per cent at Rs 45,681.6 crore and investment demand down 16 per cent at 10,547.7 crore.
"The figures indicate the intrinsic demand for gold in India," Somasundaram P.R., MD, India WGC told this correspondent. "While the low base of Q3 2013 was due to the duty increases and restrictions on import of gold, the demand for gold around Diwali reflects the general optimism in India around the economy." He said part of higher jewellery demand was the preference over gold coins and bars.
In the nine month period (January-September 2014), India’s gold demand declined 23 per cent to Rs 155,636.6 crore in value while volumes were down 18 per cent to 619.5 tonnes. Mr. Somasundaram said that gold demand for the full year 2014 was likely to be 850-950 tonnes. "Unless there are any significant changes in the macro economy, there are no factors to drive demand significantly up or down. As regards restrictions, there should be a vision instead of regulatory arbitrage and we must have structurally enabling measures."
Globally, gold demand declined 2 per cent to 929 tonnes during the quarter. Central banks were net buyers of gold for the 15th consecutive quarter, buying 93 tonnes (101 tonnes) during Q3FY14. The Swiss government is to hold a referendum in end-November to mandate the holding of 20 per cent of their reserves in gold as against 8 per cent levels. If passed, Switzerland would need to buy around 1500 tonnes of gold over five years for a stronger gold-backed currency. "The holding of a referendum is in itself an affirmation of the increasing importance of gold globally," Mr. Somasundaram said.

Government launches modified DBTL scheme in 54 districtsUpdated: November 14, 2014 20:34 IST
Government launches modified DBTL scheme in 54 districts
Special Correspondent
government
For the benefit of lakhs of households, the Central government has launched a modified Direct Benefit Transfer of LPG (DBTL) scheme in 54 districts in 11 states including all in Kerala starting November 15, 2014 whereby LPG consumers who have not yet availed the benefit will be able to get cash subsidy amount transferred into their accounts to buy Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) cylinders at market price.
Every time they book a cylinder the government will transfer Rs 568 to the customers’ bank account so that the money would be there in the account before gas reaches their homes. Each household is entitled to get 12 subsidized cylinders a year. So those who have already exhausted the quota will not be get any subsidy this year.
This scheme will be implemented in the rest of India on January 1, 2015. Post implementation of this scheme India’s LPG subsidy burden of Rs 48,000 crore is expected to come down by 15 per cent.
“Consumers who had joined the scheme earlier and had received cash subsidy permanent advance of Rs 435 in their bank accounts do not need to do anything further. To confirm this, they should check their CTC (cash transfer compliant) status on www.MyLPG.in,” said George Paul, Executive Director (LPG), Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd while briefing journalists on the new scheme.
Under this scheme consumers who do not have Aadhaar number, can receive cash directly in their bank account without producing Aadhaar. However, as and when they get Aadhaar they need to shift to Aadhaar based cash transfer.
“Consumers who are not CTC will get a three month grace period during which they would receive the cylinders at subsidised rate. After this, they will get an additional three month as parking period during which they will have to buy cylinders at the market rate. If the consumer joins the scheme within the parking period, the subsidy as per entitlement and consumption during parking period will be transferred to the bank account,” Mr Paul said.
Bharat Petroleum, Indian Oil and Hindustan Petroleum have urged all LPG customers to immediately join the scheme and their dealers have been asked to help customers in case of need.
The scheme will cover 2.33 crore households in the first phase. The customers who have already given Aadhaar number to the LPG distributor but not to the bank are required to link their Aadhaar numbers with their banks immediately. The balance LPG consumers who have not given their Aadhaar number to LPG distributor or to banks must give their Aadhaar number to both if they have it.
If they don’t have Aadhaar number, they need to give their bank account details to the Oil Marketing Company distributor or in the alternative they can give their 17 digit LPG ID to their banks if they are accepting it.
The Aadhaar linked DBTL scheme was launched on June 1, 2013 and finally covered 291 districts. The government has comprehensively reviewed the scheme and after examining the difficulties faced by the consumer substantively modified the scheme prior to the launch.

Big changes in Buffett s Berkshire holdingsTweet
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE: BRK-A) has released its public equity holdings as of September 30, 2014. Warren Buffett’s portfolio has recently undergone some radical changes on the surface, some of which are good and some of which look mixed. Also, some of the substantial change has taken place since the end of the last reporting period and we have made an effort to capture those changes.
Warren Buffett and his team of portfolio managers listed some $107.785 billion in the formal filing, but the full list would be higher considering other private and/or international stakes. The most recent earnings report for September 30 had indicated that equity securities held were $116.432 billion, and that did not include the $11.83 billion Heinz investment.
We also knew ahead of time and going into this report that approximately 58% of the total value of the Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE: BRK-B) equity holdings was still concentrated in just four stocks – Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) at $25.1 billion; International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE: IBM) at $13.4 billion; and The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE: KO) at $17.1 billion; and American Express Company (NYSE: AXP) at $13.3 billion.
That was the same percentage in June, but the concentration was just 56% in the March holdings.
One issue to consider as well is that some of the investments in key companies are no longer held in public stocks. Berkshire Hathaway invested $3 billion in 2009 into preferred shares of Dow Chemical Co. (NYSE: DOW), and it invested $5 billion for Preferred shares and warrants in Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC) in 2011.
A newer stake in 2014 was Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ), but that remained static. Express Scripts Holding Co. (NASDAQ: ESRX) was a new stake in the portfolio, while Deere & Co. (NYSE: DE) was eliminated from the portfolio.
The full list of Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway stock holdings as of September 30, 2014, is as follows:

Yielding restrictionsRohit Sharma is good at picking gaps, but the new fielding rules made it still easier for him during his 264. (Source: Express photo by Partha Paul )
Written by Bharat Sundaresan | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 3:07 am | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:46 am
In the 225 minutes he spent bossing around at the Eden Gardens on Thursday, Rohit Sharma did more than just rewrite the history books . Consider this stunning stat: Only 10 batsmen had managed to hit 20 or more fours in a single innings from the time the first fielding restrictions were introduced in 1992 and the onset of powerplays in 2005. However, on Thursday, Rohit hit 21 fours just in the arc between point and long-off. Eighteen of those came during the non-powerplay overs where only four Sri Lankans were allowed outside the 30-yard circle.
In a way, Rohit’s blitz also justified the lament of every international captain about the new fielding restrictions. Their unyielding diatribe over the disappearing fifth boundary rider. And their hapless quest since June 2012 to find a foolproof formula to calibrate the four fielders at their disposal for almost three quarters of an ODI innings.
This is not to say that his record-breaking 264 was solely a result of the new fielding restrictions but even he would agree that it had a role to play. Just like it has in the increasing discrepancy between bat and ball in the 50-over format.
Man down
So how would Sri Lanka have plugged that hole if they had the extra man in the outfield? Ever since the new restrictions took effect, the one outfielder who’s been sacrificed most often is the sweeper cover. Like the Lankans did on Thursday and were made to pay for it. With nobody behind them, the four men inside the circle on the off-side couldn’t form a packed ring, which Rohit exploited to the core by piercing the available gap repeatedly. When he connected they flew into the stands, and even when he didn’t, the infielders had to run back to snare it, always more difficult than having a fielder running in from the deep as was the case in the past.
And when you have a batsman like Rohit, whose repertoire stretches across the dial, the captain’s woes only get more vexing. Do you risk bringing in fine-leg and allow him to play the lap sweep? Or do you bring thirdman in and expect the bowler to get the yorker right every time? So what do you do Jack?
On Thursday, Angelo Mathews tried all of it. He pushed fine-leg back, brought him in, pushed thirdman back, brought him in, had deep square-leg in the circle, pushed him square. All in vain.

Defamation case:Naqvi acquitted after Sabir Ali withdraws pleaBJP leader Naqvi was inducted into Prime Minister Narendra Modi's council of ministers on November 9 as minister of state for minority affairs and parliamentary affairs.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:26 pm
Union Minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi was Saturday acquitted in a criminal defamation case against him by former JD(U) leader Sabir Ali after the court was told that the two have reached a settlement.
Ali had on September 16 sought a “written apology” from Naqvi, who is minister state for minority affairs in the Modi Cabinet, for allegedly linking him with arrested Indian Mujahideen co-founder Yasin Bhatkal. The court had on July 9 granted bail to Naqvi in the case.
As soon as the proceedings commenced before Metropolitan Magistrate Akash Jain today, the counsel appearing for Ali submitted that a settlement has been arrived between the complainant and Naqvi and the matter has been resolved.
Ali’s counsel also told the court that he had already moved an application for withdrawing the criminal defamation complaint filed by his client against Naqvi earlier this year.
“Keeping in view the settlement arrived at between the parties….the present complaint is withdrawn as settled,” the magistrate said, adding, “accused (Naqvi ) is accordingly acquitted”.
BJP leader Naqvi was inducted into Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s council of ministers on November 9 as minister of state for minority affairs and parliamentary affairs.
The court had earlier summoned Naqvi as accused, saying “prima facie” there was evidence and sufficient ground to proceed against him for the alleged offence of defaming Ali.
Ali, in his complaint, had alleged that Naqvi had termed him as a friend of suspected terrorist Bhatkal in March and the story was circulated and telecast in India as well as abroad through social media as well as various newspapers and channels.
The former JD(U) leader had said that after he made a statement appreciating Narendra Modi, who was then the BJP Prime Ministerial candidate, in March this year, he was removed from JD(U).
Ali had alleged that three-four hours after joining BJP, he started getting phone calls from his relatives, friends and media persons that Naqvi had allegedly tweeted against him on the social networking website Twitter.
BJP had on March 29 cancelled Ali’s membership after the controversy erupted following the tweet by Naqvi.
Ali, in his statement before the court, had deposed that the tweet by Naqvi has tarnished and maligned his reputation in the eyes of society, causing great mental suffering to him and his family.

Videocon July-Sept profit dips 15 folds to R...finance
(Net sales of the company…)
NEW DELHI: Videocon industries today reported a steep decline in its standalone net profit to Rs 1.34 crore for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 on account of higher 'finance cost'.
The company had posted a standalone net profit of Rs 20.18 crore during July-September quarter last fiscal.
Net sales of the company increased marginally to Rs 3,187.31 crore during the quarter under review as against Rs 3,176.20 crore.
The company had a finance cost of Rs 585.67 crore during the quarter as against Rs 581.06 crore in the same quarter of last fiscal.
Revenue from consumer electronics and home appliances division increased 3.44 per cent to Rs 2,891.65 crore during July-September of FY 2014-15 as against Rs 2,795.36 crore of the same quarter last fiscal.
However, revenue from crude oil and natural gas segment dipped 21.19 per cent during the quarter to Rs 303.62 crore as against Rs 385.29 crore.
The company is having an extended financial year. "The current accounting year of the company has been extended by a period of six months. As such, the current accounting year shall be of the period of 18 months ending on December 31, 2014," the company said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

People do not spare who fail to deliver on promises: Sachin PilotPrint
Sachin Pilot said BJP does not have true integrity
By: Press Trust of India | Jhunjhunu (rajasthan) | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:01 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 5:46 pm
Rajasthan Congress Chief Sachin Pilot attacked the BJP government of not keeping its word, including providing employment to youth, saying people do not spare those who fail to deliver on their promises.
This has been proved following the result of the recent Assembly by-polls held in the state, he said.
Addressing a gathering of party workers here, Pilot on Friday said “BJP had made slew of promises before coming to power. One of them was providing employment to 15 lakh youth, but 11 months have passed since the government has formed and not single person has been employed.”
He also alleged that BJP government was bent upon ending the welfare schemes initiated by the erstwhile Ashok Gehlot government.
“People are aware of the fact that due to such welfare schemes, how many people were getting free medicines, how many patients were being treated free of cost,” Pilot said.
At another workers’ meet at Sikar, Pilot accused BJP of dividing the society and said “BJP neither has a leader nor a policy.”
He also accused the BJP government of changing the process of electing heads of the municipal councils, saying the party does not have true integrity.
He appealed the workers to remain united and ensure the party’s victory in the municipal polls.

Workers meet Yellen  say US economy needs helpYou are here: Home > Collections
Face to face with the Fed, workers say US economy needs more help
New York Times Nov 15, 2014, 05.00PM IST
Tags:
(The Fed’s chairwoman,…)
By Binyamin Appelbaum
WASHINGTON: Jean Andre traveled from New York to the stately Federal Reserve Board's headquarters here Friday to tell the people who make monetary policy that he needs their help. He cannot find regular work on film and photo shoots. The jobs he does find pay less.
The Fed's chairwoman, Janet L. Yellen , agreed to meet with about 30 workers and activists, including Andre, in a gesture of concern for the plight of Americans searching for work and struggling to make a living.
For one hour Friday, the workers sat in the Fed's ornate conference room and told their stories to Yellen and other Fed officials, including three other members of the Fed's board of governors - Stanley Fischer, the vice chairman; Lael Brainard; and Jerome H. Powell - who listened and asked questions.
"The Federal Reserve is too important of an institution to be insulated from the voices and perspectives of working families," said Ady Barkan, a lawyer with the Center for Popular Democracy, an advocacy group based in New York that orchestrated the meeting. "We think that the Fed needs to listen more and be more responsive, and we're very grateful for this first opportunity."
The meeting was closed to the media. The workers described what they said, and the Fed declined to comment, citing a policy of silence about private meetings.
Barkan's group is campaigning for the Fed to continue its stimulus campaign, citing the high level of unemployment, particularly in minority communities, and the slow pace of wage growth as evidence the economy still needs help. The group argued the Fed could help to drive up wages by keeping interest rates low.
Andre, 48, said two jobs were canceled this week. And instead of $400 a day for a print shoot, he said he now made $250 or $300.
"They tell me if I don't take the job there's lots of other people willing to work," he said. "So what can I do? I have a family. I have to take it."
Josh Bivens , an economist at the Economic Policy Institute , a liberal research group, said monetary policy would be "the single most important determinant of wage growth" and that he was glad to see workers recognize the Fed's importance.
A conservative group, American Principles in Action, criticized the meeting as "highly political" and inappropriate. It said it would seek a similar meeting to share its view that the Fed's stimulus campaign is damaging the economy.
The labor and community groups at the meeting wore green T-shirts that said "What Recovery?" on the front, with a chart illustrating meager wage gains on the back. They are also pressing Yellen to change the way the Fed chooses the presidents of its regional banks.
The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas said Thursday that its president, Richard W. Fisher, would step down March 19. Charles I. Plosser, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia, plans to retire at the beginning of March.
The Philadelphia Fed said shortly before the meeting Friday that it had created an email address for inquiries about its presidential search process. It described the account, which will be maintained by the company conducting the search, Korn Ferry, as part of its commitment to conduct a "broad search."
"I expect the same thing from Dallas," said Connie Paredes, 42, who traveled to the meeting as a representative of the Texas Organizing Project, speaking at a rally outside the Fed before the group went inside. "We expect to be included in the process."
Organizers from Dallas and Philadelphia said they would press for similar meetings with the presidents and board of the local Fed banks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Philae streams back data before falling silentA handout artist impression showing lander Philae separating from the Rosetta spacecraft and descending to the surface of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko, made available by the European Space Agency (ESA) on November 12, 2014. (Source: Reuters)
By: Agence-France Presse | Paris | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:40 pm
Europe’s science probe Philae sent home a treasure trove of data from a comet heading towards the Sun before falling silent as its power ran out, mission control said today.
Crowning a historic feat, the robot lab streamed data from its experiments back to its mother ship Rosetta in the final hours before its battery ran down.
This included the outcome of an eagerly-waited chemistry test of a sample drilled from the comet’s icy and dusty surface, scientists said.
“Rosetta’s lander has completed its primary science mission,” the European Space Agency (ESA) said. Lacking power, its instruments and most systems went into standby mode after three days of non-stop work, sending back data that will keep scientists busy for years.
“The data collected by Philae and Rosetta is set to make this mission a game-changer in cometary science,” said Matt Taylor, Rosetta project scientist.
Philae had landed in a dark shadow after a bouncy triple touchdown Wednesday.
It did not get enough sunlight to recharge its batteries sufficiently to extend its mission beyond its initial 60-hour work programme.
Mission engineers do not rule out making contact with the lander in the coming months as Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko
moves closer to the Sun.
Conceived more than 20 years ago, the Rosetta mission aims at shedding light on the origins of the Solar System 4.6 billion years ago, and maybe even life on Earth.
A theory gaining ground in astrophysics is that the fledgling Earth was pounded by these bodies of cosmic ice and carbon-rich dust, seeding our planet with the basics to start life.
Rosetta and its payload travelled more than six billion kilometres, racing around the inner Solar System before they caught up with the comet in August this year.
On Wednesday, Philae bade farewell to its mother ship and descended to a comet travelling at 18 kilometres per second,
510 million kilometres from Earth.
The touchdown did not go entirely as planned – hardly a surprise in an operation some gloomily predicted had only a
one-in-two chance of success.
Philae landed smack in the middle of its targeted site, but a pair of anchoring harpoons failed to deploy.
It rebounded, touched down again, bounced up once more and then landed for the third time at a place believed to be about a kilometre from the landing site.

Congress  PDP didnt support me in revocation of AFSPA: Omar AbdullahJammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah
By: Press Trust of India | Ganderbal (j&k) | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:37 pm
 
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Saturday accused both his coalition partner Congress and opposition Peoples’ Democratic Party of not supporting him in his endeavour to get controversial Armed Forces Special Powers Act revoked.
He also said PDP did not support him as the opposition party saw “politics” in it and thought the credit would go to the National Conference (NC).
“There are no two thoughts (that Congress could have supported but they did not). Though I cannot say that Congress was not with me because no one helped me in this the way (former Home Minister) Chidambaram did. I wish there were one or two more ministers like Chidambaram in the Cabinet Committee on Security, then today we would have come a long way forward in the revocation of AFSPA,” Omar told reporters after addressing an election rally here.
The NC working president said while Chidambaram failed to convince his cabinet colleagues at the Centre, the chief minister could not convince his cabinet colleagues from Congress in the state.
“When I talked about revocation of AFSPA, the PDP president said that you cannot do it as such and will have to take the advice of the (armed) forces. Whatever they (PDP) say today, let them, but they did not support us that time. Had they extended their complete support to us, perhaps we could have talked on a unified platform and we could have achieved something. But they did not, they saw politics in it and thought that its credit would go to the NC and they would be at loss, so they opposed it,” he added.
The chief minister said he tried his best but could not achieve his goal.
“I say this that I have not been able to do it. It is not something which is hidden. I tried my best. If I had lacked in my efforts then people would have said so. But unfortunately, we couldn’t do it. But if not in this government, then in the next one, we will do it,” he said.

Repatriation of black money a key priority  says ModiUpdated: November 16, 2014 00:10 IST
Repatriation of black money ‘a key priority’, says Modi
PTI
Tweet
In this photo downloaded off the Press Information Bureau twitter page shows BRICS leaders — (from left) Russian President Vladimir Putin, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, Chinese President Xi Jinping and South African President Jacob Zuma — during their informal meeting ahead of the G20 Summit in Brisbane on Saturday.
AP
In this photo released by G20 Australia, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott greets Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the Reading Room at Parliament House during the G20 Summit in Brisbane on Saturday.
In this screenshot taken from DD News, Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses a meeting of BRICS leaders ahead of the G20 Summit in Brisbane on Saturday.
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with students during a visit to Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane, Australia on Friday.
TOPICS
G20
Terming money stashed abroad a "security challenge", Prime Minister seeks close coordination among nations on the issue
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday unequivocally said that repatriation of black money kept abroad is a “priority” for his government, as he sought close global coordination to achieve this objective.
Raising the black money issue at an informal meeting of leaders of the five-nation BRICS bloc, Mr. Modi set the tone on this key issue ahead of the G20 Summit in the wake of his commitment to bring back every penny of black money stashed abroad.
“Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a key priority for us,” Mr. Modi told the BRICS leaders.
Calling for close coordination on the issue of black money kept abroad, Mr. Modi also said this unaccounted money is also linked to security challenges.
As India makes attempts to retrieve the black money, the Prime Minister has already made it clear that close cooperation to retrieve the black money from abroad is a key issue for him.
The G20 host Australia on Friday vowed a “very aggressive” crackdown on tax avoidance. India is also seeking strong action by the Group of 20 industrialised and emerging economies against tax havens.
“A key issue for me would be to highlight the importance of international cooperation against black money,” Mr. Modi had said, as he is set to renew the country’s commitment at the G20 summit to a global response to deal with cross border tax avoidance and evasion.
India is also expected to urge the G20 to pressure tax havens into revealing more information on black money from India to help retrieve this illegal money.
Besides Mr. Modi, Chinese President Xi Jinping, Russian President Vladimir Putin, South African President Jacob Zuma and Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, were the other leaders who took part in the informal interaction.
“Namaste! Leaving for my first programme, the Informal BRICS meeting,” Mr. Modi tweeted ahead of the meeting.
Namaste! Leaving for my first programme, the Informal BRICS meeting. pic.twitter.com/eDRdEOIujg
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 14, 2014
BRICS leaders meet ahead of G-20 Summit in Brisbane. pic.twitter.com/4ypV3KK6Tv
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) November 15, 2014
 

Indias GDP to grow at 6.3% in 2015: Morgan Stanleyeconomic indicator
India would have the fastest economic expansion among Asian countries and its gross domestic product is expected to grow by 6.3 per cent in 2015, according to Morgan Stanley forecasts of global economies.
The Indian rupee’s exchange rate to dollar would be at Rs. 62.2 by end of next year compared to Rs. 62 in the current quarter (Q4 this year), according to a presentation made at the Morgan Stanley’s Annual Asia Pacific Summit held here from November 12-14 said.
It is seen at Rs. 62.5 in the first two quarters of next year and Rs. 62.3 in the third quarter of next year.
Comparative to other Asian GDP growths, India would have the fastest economic expansion, it said. India’s gross domestic product is expected to grow by 6.3 per cent in 2015, up from 5.3 this year, it said.
“We are constructive on the INR from the outlook perspective,” Chetan Ahya, Morgan Stanley’s chief Asia economist said. Strong capital inflow and the current account deficit under-two per cent would add upward pressure on the rupee.
Reforms are providing confidence in the Indian economy growth. The Indian government’s policy action to improve business environment and lower oil prices are among the factors supporting the GDP growth, Mr. Ahya said. Structural reforms related to land, labour and tax supporting the economic growth would support economic growths in the coming years. The risk would be any disruption to execution and delivery of reforms as well as a slowdown in exports, he pointed out.
On imports, the lower oil prices have been helpful and supporting the economic growth. Oil imports were down at 4 per cent of the GDP now from 6 per cent in 2012. “It is obviously helping the recovery process,” Mr. Ahya said. Meanwhile, Morgan Stanley has forecasted a sub-par global growth at 3.5 per cent in 2015, up nominally from 3.1 per cent this year. In Asia, China’s GDP is forecasted to contract to 7.1 per cent in 2015 from 7.3 per cent in 2014.
Asian GDP, excluding Japan’s, would grow to 6.3 per cent in 2015, up by a small proportion from 6 per cent this year. Japan’s GDP growth would be stagnant at 0.8 per cent in 2014 and 2015.

Reliance Communications Q2 Profit Dives 77%You are here: Home Corporates
Reliance Communications Q2 Profit Dives 77 Per Cent
Reuters | Updated On: November 14, 2014 18:44 (IST)
SBI to Take Final Call on $1 Billion Loan to Adani in 3 Months
Mumbai: Reliance Communications Ltd, India's fourth-biggest mobile carrier, posted a 77 per cent drop in second-quarter net profit, partly hurt by fewer customers joining its network as compared to rivals.
Reliance Communications, controlled by billionaire Anil Ambani, said consolidated net profit for the quarter ended September 30 was Rs 153 crore ($24.8 million), compared with Rs 675 crore a year earlier.
Sales came in at Rs 5,090 crore, compared with Rs 5,266 crore a year earlier.
($1 = 61.7250 rupee)

Pincon Spirits gets BSE listingUpdated: November 14, 2014 20:36 IST
Pincon Spirits gets BSE listing
Lalatendu Mishra
stock activity
The equity shares of Pincon Spirit Ltd (PSL) were listed with the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) on Friday at Rs 68.15. The company is already listed with the Calcutta Stock Exchange.
PSL, a part of Pincon Group was established in 1978. It has two divisions--Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) and Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG).
The company has atleast six IMFL brands and sells in Eastern, North Eastern states apart from Goa and Karnataka. It plans to venture into Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Kerala, New Delhi, Bihar and Chhattisgarh, top officials said. In FMCG it is into various types of edible oil.

With Low Global Crude Prices  Inflation to Ease Further: JaitleyRBI to Ease Rates by 0.5 Per Cent in 2015, First Cut Likely in February: Morgan Stanley
New Delhi: As wholesale inflation fell to a five-year low, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Friday that a decline in global crude prices should further help in improving the price situation.
"We believe that softening of prices is in our interest. With crude prices down, this trend of lower food prices will continue," he told reporters here.
The Finance Minister, however, cautioned that it has to be seen how the oil prices augur going forward.
"We should not be overly optimistic at this time," Mr Jaitley siad.
Global crude prices have dropped to four-year lows of $77 per barrel.
Wholesale price based inflation dropped to a five-year low of 1.77 per cent in October, from 2.38 per cent in September, driven by a decline in rate of price rise in food and fuel items.
Commenting on the industrial output growth, which was at a three-month high of 2.5 per cent in September, Mr Jaitley said he would have been happier had the growth been a little higher.
"2.5 per cent (IIP growth) is not enough for me to smile. Targets are higher and it will take its time. Steps that we are taking will take a little time before it shows its impact," the minister said.
Factory output, measured in terms of Index of Industrial Production (IIP), showed an improvement mainly because of an uptick in mining and manufacturing production and larger offtake of capital goods.
Story first published on: November 14, 2014 23:44 (IST)

Obama tells G20 US cannot  carry world economy  | CoverageBarack Obama tells G20 US cannot 'carry world economy'
AFP Nov 15, 2014, 02.08PM IST
Tags:
APEC
("Over the last few years…)
BRISBANE: President Barack Obama on Saturday said the United States cannot "carry the world economy on our back" and urged G20 leaders to work harder to create jobs by revving up growth.
His appeal during a speech on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Brisbane comes with the US economy finally kicking into gear just as challenges emerge elsewhere to the world growth outlook, notably in Europe, China and Japan.
"Over the last few years the US has put more people back to work than all other advanced economies combined," Obama said, with the US unemployment rate falling to 5.8 per cent in October, its lowest level since July 2008.
"But America can't be expected to just carry the world economy on our back.
"So here in Brisbane the G20 has a responsibility to act, to boost demand and invest more in infrastructure and create good jobs for the people of all our nations."
The leaders of the world's top industrial economies are set to pledge at their summit in Brisbane to boost their combined growth by at least two trillion dollars via domestic policy reforms, and so generate millions of new jobs.
They were initially expected to sign off on a vow to lift growth by two per cent over the currently projected level in the next five years.
But a draft copy of the Brisbane Action Plan said that, owing to worries about sluggish conditions worldwide, the leaders will agree to reforms that could accelerate growth by 2.1 per cent.
"We have developed comprehensive growth strategies that address these challenges," the plan says, according to The Australian newspaper.
"Analysis by the IMF and OECD indicates that full implementation of these strategies will lift our collective GDP by 2.1 per cent through to 2018 above the trajectory implied by the policies at the time of the St Petersburg summit (last year)."
G20 nations, which make up 85 per cent of the world economy, plan to meet the goal by accelerating infrastructure investment, financial reform and encouraging free trade.
Obama, who jetted into Brisbane early Saturday after attending an East Asia summit in Myanmar and the APEC forum on Asia-Pacific trade in Beijing, said abolishing protectionism and cracking down on corruption were key to hitting the growth goals.
He said the US "will continue to promote economic growth that is sustained and shared" and work to "tear down barriers to trade and investment and combat the corruption that steals from so many citizens".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reform Process Bound to Face Resistance: PM Modi at G20RBI to Ease Rates by 0.5 Per Cent in 2015, First Cut Likely in February: Morgan Stanley
Brisbane: As he seeks to accelerate his economic reform drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said the reform process is bound to face resistance and that he wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms, PM Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a Retreat here that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
A barbeque lunch was served to the G20 leaders.
"Reform is bound to face resistance...must be insulated from political pressures," Mr Modi said.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by "stealth".
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the Prime Minister said it must be technology-driven and must have scale and address root causes.
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters Friday that Prime Minister Abbott had specially requested Mr Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.
Story first published on: November 15, 2014 11:13 (IST)

China-US visa deal to unleash travel  trade ...US citizens applying for tourism, business and visiting visas for China will enjoy a reciprocal arrangement, Huang Ping, Director General of the Consular Department said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: The new liberalised visa agreement between China and the US will unleash a major travel and trade boom between the world's two largest economies and will also be used as a template by Beijing to make similar arrangements with other developed countries, Chinese officials said today.
The new agreement made during the recent visit of US President Barack Obama to Beijing for Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) summit will extend the validity of B1, B2 and B1/B2 visas to 10 years from one year for Chinese citizens travelling to the US for business or leisure.
B1 visa is for business and B2 visa for tourism while B1/ B2 covers both.
US citizens applying for tourism, business and visiting visas for China will enjoy a reciprocal arrangement, Huang Ping, Director General of the Consular Department said.
"It will also be used as a template to make similar arrangements with other developed countries," official media here quoted Huang as saying.
Officials believe the new 10-year visa policy for tourists and businessmen will benefit about 80 per cent of travellers between the countries.
Chinese Foreign Ministry statistics show that 4.05 million people travelled between China and the US last year and 70 to 80 per cent of them were business people and tourists.
"It means that an average of more than 10,000 people are travelling between the two countries every day," Huang said.
A number of Chinese are buying properties in the US, taking advantage of liberalised investment regime by Washington to attract more investments.
Huang said that consultations will be continued to better facilitate short-term official visit visas and work visas in both countries.
"We are making step-by-step efforts to cover those who travel, for whatever purpose, with reciprocal polices," he said.
"China has spared no efforts to promote visa facilitation with other countries. We hope the agreement with the US can set an example for future consultations between China and other developed countries," he said.
Li Haidong, a professor of US studies at China Foreign Affairs University, said the reciprocal visa arrangement reflects breakthroughs China has made on visa applications with developed countries.
Huang said Canada is offering Chinese travellers 10-year visas for tourism, business and general visits.
European countries, including Britain, France, Italy, Germany and Spain , are also issuing long-validity visas to an increasing number of Chinese, state-run China Daily reported.
Jia Xiudong, a researcher at the China Institute of International Studies, said visa facilitation is the result of growing demand, both in China and foreign countries.
"China's stunning economic development has made it possible for more and more Chinese to travel abroad," he said.
Huang, however, admitted that the government's work has not matched the growing demand from Chinese citizens for more convenient visas.
For example, the number of countries that have signed mutual visa exemption agreements with China for ordinary passport holders is relatively small, while requirements in some countries for Chinese visa applicants are quite stringent, he said.

Kolkata police lathicharge reporters  stops Kunal Ghosh from speakingReporters waiting for Kunal Ghosh lathicharged
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, November 15, 2014
First Published: 16:03 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 21:27 IST(15/11/2014)
Comments
Policemen desperate to prevent Rajya Sabha MP Kunal Ghosh from speaking to the media went to the extent of making a lathicharge on a crowd of waiting mediamen inside SSKM Hospital premises apart from pushing, pulling and shoving the ailing MP who had a Ryles Tube dangling from his nose.
A few persons who were standing in the hospital premises also received a few blows.
The lathicharge happened around 1:15 pm when Ghosh was being brought back to SSKM Hospital after an EEG test from adjacent Bangur Institute of Neurology (BIN).
The desperation of the policemen increased after Ghosh’s statement began to be aired on TV channels. “Ask them to first arrest those who are 'guilty',” Ghosh managed to comment on the way to BIN for the test.
The police first waited for about 30 minutes while Ghosh waited inside the ambulance.
Ghosh was spotted knocking the door of the ambulance, trying to step out. Dressed in a green hospital robe, with a ryles tube attached to his nose, and sweating, he pleaded to be escorted out of the ambulance. The windows of the vehicles were closed so that the MP could not speak to journalists.
Kunal Ghosh suicide bid: Police and media clash outside hospital, Ghosh led away
Finally, when Ghosh was escorted out of the ambulance towards the main block, his face was covered by a police cap to prevent him from saying anything to the reporters standing next to the ambulance.
Amidst a dense crowd, police were seen pulling him down from the ambulance and pushed inside the hospital building.

With Apple Pay will spending with a smartphone increaseWith Apple Pay will spending with a smartphone increase?
By New York Times | 15 Nov, 2014, 05.43PM IST
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Mike Isaac and Brian X Chen
For years, tech companies have dreamed of a future in which people ditch their wallets and pay for things with their smartphones. And for years, that has not happened.
But Apple may be on to something.
In the three weeks since the company released Apple Pay, its first stab at a mobile wallet, some major retailers are seeing a wave of consumers eager to check out at the register with their iPhones.
And even some of Apple's competitors, like Google and Softcard, say Apple has helped create general awareness of mobile payments, including for their services.
Whole Foods, the high-end grocery chain, said it had processed more than 150,000 Apple Pay transactions. McDonald's, which accepts Apple Pay at its 14,000 restaurants in the United States, said Apple Pay accounted for 50 percent of its tap-to-pay transactions. And Walgreens, the nationwide chain of drugstores, said its mobile wallet payments had doubled since Apple Pay came out.
Apple Pay is still far from a dominant payment system. But the retailers' numbers are the first faint signs of a mainstream willingness to stray from cash and cards. Apple, analysts say, has tapped into something.
"Quite frankly, a lot of it has to do with the strength of the Apple brand and how much merchants and customers love how easy the experience is," said Denee Carrington, an analyst with Forrester Research. "I'm not saying it's changing the landscape overnight. But this has never happened with other mobile wallets."
Not all retailers are blown away just yet by early adoption of Apple Pay. Toys R Us, which supports Apple Pay in its 870 stores, said that although the number of mobile payments at its stores increased after the introduction of Apple Pay, there were still relatively few mobile payments because customers were learning about the technology.
But Softcard, Google and other companies that also offer mobile wallet products, say Apple's entrance may be good for all players that offer mobile payments.

A standout shake  anecdote and BBQ: PM Narendra Modi at G20SummitPrint
By: PTI | Brisbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 6:13 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday  carried on with his hectic international diplomacy holding parleys with world leaders, including US President Barack Obama, over bilateral meetings and informal discussions on the fifth day of his whirlwind three-nation 10-day tour.
More meetings are on the anvil during the remaining days in Australia and Fiji, where he will be making a day-long visit.
— Tony Abbott (@TonyAbbottMHR) November 15, 2014
It was a warm hug for Australian Premier Tony Abbott by Modi — described by the Australian media as a “standout shake” so far at the G20 summit — that was distinct from the formal handshakes with the host by other world leaders.
Dressed in a black bandhgala suit, Modi narrated an anecdote to President Obama and Abbott during the G20 retreat, sharing with them the story of Chicago-based Walter Burley Griffin, the well known American architect who designed the new Australian capital Canberra and who was buried in Lucknow.
“The life of Walter Burley Griffin is a common link among USA-Australia-India which the leaders appreciated,” External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin tweeted. Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin were also seen having a chat with Modi at the summit of the Group of 20 industrialised and major emerging economies.
“Focus on global issues,” External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin tweeted about this interaction.
On the fifth day of his foreign visit, Modi met French President Francois Hollande, Canadian Premier Stephen Harper and Crown Prince Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
The Spokesperson, while giving details of these meetings, said Modi had informal interactions with several world leaders, including Abbott, Obama and Prince Saud, during the course of the summit.
The informal meeting of the five-nation BRICS also saw Modi having interactions with Chinese President Xi Jinping, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, Putin and South African President Jacob Zuma.
Modi is due to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Spain’s Premier Mariano Rajoy tomorrow. Australian daily The Age while referring to Abbott-Modi hug: said, “The stand out shake so far has been India’s Prime Minister Modi, who gave Abbott a hug. An ‘awww’ could be heard across the media centre. There were no hugs from Abbott besties David Cameron and Stephen Harper. We repeat, no hugs.”
Abbott also joined in the tweet exchanges when he made a mention of barbeque lunch hosted by him during the retreat at the Queensland Parliament House.
The BBQ lunch with @narendramodi and @BarackObama was an opportunity for #G20 Leaders to talk in a relaxed atmosphere pic.twitter.com/zxYcUa28et
— Tony Abbott (@TonyAbbottMHR) November 15, 2014
The Australian leader posted a photo of Modi sharing a lighter moment with Obama and himself during the retreat.
“The BBQ lunch with @narendramodi and @BarackObama was an opportunity for #G20 Leaders to talk in a relaxed atmosphere,”
Abbott posted.
Modi kicked off his bilateral diplomatic engagements on the margins of the back-to-back India-ASEAN and East Asian summits after he landed in Myanmar capital Nay Pyi Taw, holding several meetings.
Besides his interaction with the summit host and Myanmar President U Thein Sein, Modi met his counterparts from Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand — Najib Razak, Lee Hsien Loong and Prayut Chan-o-cha — respectively, and Sultan of Brunei Hassanal Bolkiah. Modi also met Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, Indonesian President Joko Widodo, and Laos Premier Thongsing Thammavong.
In Brisbane, Modi earlier met European Commission Chief Herman Van Rompuy and British Premier David Cameron shortly after his arrival in Australia.

Iraq forces break jihadist siege of main oilrefineryA civilian inspects the site of Friday's car bomb in Baghdad's Gorayaat neighborhood, Iraq, Saturday (Source: AP)
By: Agence-France Presse | Kirkuk (iraq) | Posted: November 15, 2014 6:12 pm
Iraqi forces broke a months-long siege by jihadist fighters of the country’s largest oil refinery Saturday as the top US officer flew in to discuss the expanded war against the Islamic State group.
Ousting IS fighters from around the refinery would mark another significant achievement for Baghdad, a day after pro-government forces retook the nearby town of Baiji.
“Iraqi forces… reached the gate of the refinery,” the governor of Salaheddin province, Raad al-Juburi said.
Three officers confirmed that Iraqi forces had reached the refinery, 200 kilometres (120 miles) north of Baghdad, where security forces have been encircled and under repeated attack since June.
The new success for Iraqi forces came a day after they recaptured nearby Baiji, the largest town they have taken back since IS-led militants swept across Iraq’s Sunni Arab heartland in June.
Fully clearing the Baiji area of jihadist fighters would further boost Baghdad’s momentum and cap a week which also saw pro-government forces retake a major dam.
A joint operation by the army and Shiite militia earlier this week wrested back the Adhaim Dam in the eastern province of Diyala.
A breakthrough preliminary deal reached on Thursday between the federal government and the autonomous Kurdish region on long-standing budget and oil disputes also raised the prospect of increased coordination in the fight against IS.
The group on Thursday released an audio recording purportedly of its chief, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, after rumours that air strikes may have killed or wounded him.
The IS group has had most of the initiative, both on the ground and in the propaganda war, in recent months.
But the man said to be Baghdadi seemed at pains to reassure his followers and the lack of video failed to dispel speculation he might still have been wounded.
America’s top military officer, General Martin Dempsey, arrived in Iraq for talks on the the further expansion of military operations against the jihadists.
A US-led coalition is carrying out air strikes against IS jihadists in both Iraq and Syria, while Washington has announced plans to increase the number of its military personnel in the country to up to 3,100.
Brett McGurk, the number two US envoy for the coalition battling the jihadist group, said on Twitter:
Chairman @Martin_Dempsey arrived in #Iraq to confer w/Iraqi political and security officials on next phase of the campaign to defeat #ISIL .
— Brett McGurk (@brett_mcgurk) November 15, 2014
The US and other governments have pledged trainers and advisers to aid Iraqi security forces in their battle against IS.

Philae streams back data before fallingsilentA handout artist impression showing lander Philae separating from the Rosetta spacecraft and descending to the surface of comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko, made available by the European Space Agency (ESA) on November 12, 2014. (Source: Reuters)
By: Agence-France Presse | Paris | Posted: November 15, 2014 5:40 pm
Europe’s science probe Philae sent home a treasure trove of data from a comet heading towards the Sun before falling silent as its power ran out, mission control said today.
Crowning a historic feat, the robot lab streamed data from its experiments back to its mother ship Rosetta in the final hours before its battery ran down.
This included the outcome of an eagerly-waited chemistry test of a sample drilled from the comet’s icy and dusty surface, scientists said.
“Rosetta’s lander has completed its primary science mission,” the European Space Agency (ESA) said. Lacking power, its instruments and most systems went into standby mode after three days of non-stop work, sending back data that will keep scientists busy for years.
“The data collected by Philae and Rosetta is set to make this mission a game-changer in cometary science,” said Matt Taylor, Rosetta project scientist.
Philae had landed in a dark shadow after a bouncy triple touchdown Wednesday.
It did not get enough sunlight to recharge its batteries sufficiently to extend its mission beyond its initial 60-hour work programme.
Mission engineers do not rule out making contact with the lander in the coming months as Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko
moves closer to the Sun.
Conceived more than 20 years ago, the Rosetta mission aims at shedding light on the origins of the Solar System 4.6 billion years ago, and maybe even life on Earth.
A theory gaining ground in astrophysics is that the fledgling Earth was pounded by these bodies of cosmic ice and carbon-rich dust, seeding our planet with the basics to start life.
Rosetta and its payload travelled more than six billion kilometres, racing around the inner Solar System before they caught up with the comet in August this year.
On Wednesday, Philae bade farewell to its mother ship and descended to a comet travelling at 18 kilometres per second,
510 million kilometres from Earth.
The touchdown did not go entirely as planned – hardly a surprise in an operation some gloomily predicted had only a
one-in-two chance of success.
Philae landed smack in the middle of its targeted site, but a pair of anchoring harpoons failed to deploy.
It rebounded, touched down again, bounced up once more and then landed for the third time at a place believed to be about a kilometre from the landing site.

Gnanakirukkan: Sad lives  in a sad excuse for a movieTamil cinema
If they made T-shirts for down-on-their-luck villagers who inhabit a certain tract of Tamil cinema, this is what the slogan would read: “Life’s a bitch. Then you end up in Chennai.” Eleyadevan’s Gnanakirukkan begins with a harrowing scene of childbirth in a nondescript village, and then the father (Ganesan, played by Daniel Balaji), who appears possessed, uproots a trident from the local shrine and holds it over the infant. Given what’s to come, this is the happy-days flashback. For a while, we seem to be in a story about the travails of the mother (I thought it was Meenal, but it’s her sister Senthi). Her elder daughter runs away. Then she’s excommunicated by the village. Then the son Perumal – the infant from earlier, now grown up and played by Jega – runs away. And there’s the husband, who just lies there, doing nothing. What’s with him, we wonder. Is he really possessed, or is he just an eccentric?
But then, bizarrely, we begin to follow Perumal’s story, after he flees to Trichy. These scenes are actually promising. We see the young boy unflinching in the face of hardship, and there’s a genuine sense of triumph when he makes some sort of life for himself. But he cannot be allowed to remain happy for too long – otherwise there’d be no movie, at least this kind of movie. So he loses his job. He loses the girl he loves. He buys a one-way ticket to Hell Chennai, and there he finds a fellow-sufferer, Sumathi (Archana Kavi). (Thambi Ramaiah is also in there somewhere, because you cannot make a movie these days where Thambi Ramaiah isn’t there somewhere.) Thereon, it’s one thing after another – there’s an attack by drunks; there’s a gang-rape; there’s a lecherous old man; Sumathi almost ends up in a brothel; she falls ill; and then we discover that her mother, back in the village, is blind. At this point, back-to-back screenings of Mahanadhi and Naan Kadavul began to look like a pick-me-up. The director strives for the lyricism of Kadhal, but you can’t get there with a battering ram.
Gnanakirukkan

PM Modi urges  people-driven  reforms  G20 nations pitch for higher growthAt G20, Modi talks reforms, seeks black money cooperation
Agencies  Brisbane, November 15, 2014
First Published: 14:55 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:32 IST(16/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi brought to the world stage his promise to bring back black money stashed abroad, pitching for global cooperation to tackle the menace at his first G20 summit on Saturday.
Heads of states and international organizations pose for the 'family photo' during the G20 Summit in Brisbane. (AFP Photo)
He told G20 leaders as well as heads of the five-nation BRICS bloc that “repatriation” of black money is his government’s priority and sent a message that economic reforms for tangible growth should be “people-centric and people-driven” and insulated from politics.
Modi underscored the security and economic challenges that slush funds pose to the international community and sought close coordination among the nations to achieve the objective of bringing back home Indian slush money kept hidden abroad.
“Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a key priority for us,” said the Prime Minister, one of the most sought-after leaders at the summit, who stood next to British premier David Cameron at the customary photo-op in a bandhgala with a pink pocket square masking the grey.
External affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said it was the first time that the “security dimensions” of black money have been brought to focus. Modi’s pitch was in line with summit host Australia’s promise for a “very aggressive” crackdown on tax avoidance, which goes with India seeking strong action by the G20 nations against tax havens.
The two-day summit is being held at a time tax avoidance by multinational companies were reportedly organising tax-lowering deals with Luxembourg and pressure from anti-corruption advocates, urging the major economies to stem the flow of slush funds across borders.
Later in the day, Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a retreat hosted by his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott that economic reforms were handicapped by the perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people. He said this needs to change.
“Reform is bound to face resistance ... (it) must be insulated from political pressure,” Modi said and pointed out that it cannot be undertaken by “stealth”.
His comments in Brisbane come days before the start of the winter session of Parliament in which key but controversial legislations on opening up the pension and insurance sectors are expected to be taken up.
Modi also called for a common strategy to tackle global terrorism at meetings with French president Francois Hollande and Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper on the sidelines of the summit.
He told both leaders that religion should be delinked from terrorism.
Host Abbott got a Modi “jhappi” (hug) that the Australian media described as the “standout shake” of the summit — distinct from the formal handshakes.
The Australian leader posted a photo of Modi sharing a lighter moment with US President Barack Obama and himself during the retreat. “The BBQ lunch with @narendramodi and @BarackObama was an opportunity for #G20 Leaders to talk in a relaxed atmosphere,” Abbott posted.

Maharashtra govt to approach SC on MarathareservationsChief Minister Devendra Fadnavis
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 6:37 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 4:38 am
The state government on Saturday took the decision to appeal in Supreme Court next week against the Bombay High Court’s decision against reservation to Maratha community in education and public services. The government will also appeal against HC order not to consider reservation to Muslims in public services.
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said, “ The government has set up a sub-committee to look into all aspects related to the legal hurdles that come in the way retaining the reservation for Marathas.”
Fadnavis has convened a meeting of cabinet ministers and leaders of all political parties to discuss the Maratha reservation. A senior cabinet minister told Indian Express, “ We will challenge the high court order in supreme court on the grounds that Maratha reservation bill is pending before the state legislature assembly. So, can the high court give an order against the issue which is pending before the legislature.”
Sources cited that advocate general Darius Khambata who was called for the meeting pointed that, “ For any state government to exceed the reservation beyond 50% required quantifiable data and exceptional circumstances.” Maharashtra already has 51 per cent reservation for scheduled caste, scheduled tribes and OBCs.
Sources revealed, “ The flaws in Narayan Rane committee on Maratha reservation which was the basis for the reservation were also highlighted during the meeting.” The chief minister who summed up the meeting asserted, “ There should be no ambiguity about government’s commitment to the reservation for Maratha community. And that we would certainly stand by the Rane committee report. What ever lacunas that come to our notice would be corrected to ensure it withstands legal and constitutional trial.” Fadnavis made it clear, “ There was no question of abandoning Rane committee report.” However, legal experts observed, “ There were some gaps. More material and scientific study to substantiate Rane committee report would be required.”
All the political leaders representing Congress, Shiv Sena and Shiv Sangram, Republican Party of India supported Maratha reservation. The NCP skipped the meeting.
Shiv Sena leader Diwakar Raote said, “ The Congress-NCP government had delayed the Maratha reservation citing they wanted to make it full proof so that it does not get challenged in court. However, it shows Rane committee report was not full proof. It also exposes the Congress-NCP’s hollow promises and that it was pushed for vote bank.” Sena leader said, “ Now, we should not rush the act. Instead, government should bring all necessary amendments to make it flawless.”
Shiv Sangram leader Vinayak Mete said, “ The government should pursue the matter in apex court and we would support them.”
The RPI chief Ramdas Athavale said, “ While it is true that Marathas are a dominant ruling and rich community, the reservation would be given to those economically amongst the community. So it is justified.”
 

Grant Bihar special status  I will become your supporter: CM Manjhi toModiBy: Press Trust of India | Barh | Posted: November 15, 2014 6:30 pm
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi on Saturday said he was ready to become a supporter of Prime Minister Narendra Modi if he granted special category status to the state and fulfilled other long pending demands.
“If you fulfill your commitment to provide special category status to Bihar and other long pending demands like reimbursing Rs 1,000 crore spent by the state from its limited resources to repair national highways, I will become your supporter,” Manjhi said in his speech while inauguration of the fourth unit NTPC Barh Super Thermal Power Plant.
Addressing a public function after the commercial launch of the unit, he took potshots at the NDA government at the Centre saying “Going by loud assertions of its ministers, it seems all the problems of Bihar have been solved.”
“In place of high decibel claims the state needs concrete steps to solve Bihar’s problems on the ground,” he said. He referred to the seven ministers of the union government hailing from Bihar as “sat bhaiya’ (seven brothers) and urged them to ensure that the dues of the state were fulfilled.
Protesting against the ignoring of his predecessor and senior JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar by the organisers of the function, he said “There should not have been politics in it.”
Earlier, Manjhi accompanied Union Minister of State for Power Piyush Goyal to Muzaffarpur to inaugurate the commercial operation of 110 MW unit II of Muzaffarpur Thermal power station (Stage I).

Aurobindo Pharma s second buy in a year  acquires Natrol IncE Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 10:56 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
The Hyderabad-based Aurobindo Pharma seems to be blazing away on an inorganic growth path in a bid to gain product diversification. On November 12, the company announced its second acquisition this year.
It has informed the BSE that its fully-owned subsidiary Aurobindo Pharma USA Inc has emerged as the highest bidder to acquire nutritional supplement maker Natrol Inc and its other affiliate entities.
The bid, worth $132.5 million with an agreement to take over certain liabilities, will now have to be finally approved by the US Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware.
In a statement to the BSE , it has said that the deal is a good fit for Aurobindo Pharma as it provides the right platform for creating a fully-integrated OTC platform in the US and other international markets.
Though the deal is expected to bridge a vital business gap for the company, much will depend on the company's ability to effect a turnaround of Natrol.
According to analysts, Natrol revenue is around $90 million to $100 million and feel that if the company can take over the liabilities and manage it well, the asset could be EBITDA positive.
 
Earlier in January, the company had acquired the operations of loss-making Ireland-based Actavis Plc in seven western European countries: Italy, Spain, France, Portugal, Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands for 30 million Euro. The deal was completed in April.
Analysts say this is a new trend from Aurobindo Pharma, which does not have a history of acquiring weak assets and turning them around. It also does not even have a track record of major acquisitions and therefore the company's ability to turnaround the loss-making companies will be keenly watched.

Petrol  diesel excise duty hike to not pinch publicPetrol, diesel excise duty hike will not pinch public, say officials
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 09:12 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The excise duty on petrol and diesel has been hiked by Rs 1.50 a litre but the increase will not be passed on to consumers as public sector oil companies have been asked to shoulder the burden, a senior petroleum ministry official said on Thursday.
The hike, which was notified on Wednesday evening, will boost government revenue by about Rs 13,000 crore on an annual basis.
On their part, the oil companies expect to offset the increase as prices are declining in the international market and they are making an extra Re 1 per litre which they would have otherwise passed on to the consumer in the fortnightly revision.
The government has taken the step as fiscal deficit has spun out of control due to low tax collections. Excise collections, which indicate the level of economic activity, declined by 1.2 per cent during April-October to Rs 88,330 crore.
Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), the nation's largest fuel retailer, said that the excise duty hike will not be passed on to consumers and adjusted against reduction in rates likely by this weekend. The fall in international oil prices had resulted in six consecutive reduction in petrol prices since August and two in diesel in the last one month.
Total excise duty on unbranded petrol will rise from Rs 9.20 to Rs 10.70 per litre and on unbranded diesel from Rs 3.46 to Rs 4.96 per litre. Branded petrol attracts excise duty of Rs 10.35 per litre, which would go up to Rs 11.85 per litre, and that on branded diesel from Rs 5.75 to Rs 7.25 per litre. IOC chairman B Ashok said, "Revision in prices will be considered in the next fortnight (November-end).

Oct WPI inflation eases to 5-yr low of 1.77 per centOctober WPI inflation eases to 5-year low of 1.77 per cent
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 12:44 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The wholesale price inflation fell to a five-year low of 1.77 per cent in October on the back of continuing decline in food prices, including vegetables.
The Wholesale Price Index (WPI) based inflation stood at 2.38 per cent in September 2014 and 7.24 per cent in October for the privious year.
According to government data released on Friday, food inflation fell to a nearly two-and-half year low of 2.7 per cent. Food price inflation has been declining since May.
The sharp drop in WPI inflation, which fell for the fifth month in a row, came at the back of retail inflation declining to a record low of 5.52 per cent in October.
The rate of price rise in onion contracted 59.77 per cent as compared to a contraction of 58.12 per cent in September.
In case of vegetables, the contraction was 19.61 per cent, while in protein rich items like egg, meat and fish it was 2.58 per cent in October.
During the reporting month, inflation in potato stood at 82.11 per cent, against 90.23 per cent in September. Inflation in manufactured products, like sugar, edible oils, beverages and cement, fell to 2.43 per cent in October as against 2.84 per cent in the previous month.

SBI Q2 profit rises 30.5 per cent  lags estimatesSBI Q2 profit rises 30.5 per cent to Rs 3,100 crore, lags estimates
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 19, 2014  | 15:13 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Country's largest bank SBI on Friday reported a 30.5 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 3,100.41 crore for the quarter ended September 30.
The standalone net profit of State Bank of India (SBI) was Rs 2,375 crore in July-September quarter of 2013-14, it said in a filing to the BSE.
Provisioning against bad loans during the quarter stood at Rs 4,274 crore, up 41 per cent from Rs 3,029 crore in the September quarter of last fiscal.
Gross non-performing assets (NPAs) as a percentage of total advances stood at 4.89 per cent at the end of September, lower than 5.64 per cent in the year-ago period. Net NPAs was 2.73 per cent.
Total income increased to Rs 41,833 crore during the quarter from Rs 37,199.92 crore in the corresponding period last year.
On a consolidated basis, SBI's net profit rose 31 per cent to Rs 4,024 crore during the second quarter. The group's net profit after taxes, minority interest and share of profit/(loss) of associates was Rs 3,073 crore in the same quarter of previous fiscal. SBI shares were trading 1.43 per cent up at Rs 2,758.10 per scrip during afternoon session on the BSE. 

Apple vs. Microsoft: Race is on for #1EMAIL
AFP/Getty
Microsoft (MSFT) has regained its position at the No. 2 most valuable U.S. company — pulling ahead of oil giant Exxon Mobil (XOM) and heating up the race with No. 1 Apple (AAPL) .
Shares of Microsoft Friday closed at $49.58. That gives the company a market value of $408.7 billion, exceeding the $402.7 billion value of the former No. 2, Exxon. Exxon’s value has fallen 6.3% this year as the price of oil has hurt energy stocks.
But it’s not just a story about the fall of Exxon. Microsoft’s rise also puts it firmly ahead of its former online advertising darling: Google (GOOGL) . Google is now ranked No. 4 — with a market value of $377 billion.
Source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY research
It’s not just a race of market values, though. At battle is the very fundamental core about the future of technology.
On one hand is Apple, a maker of closed and proprietary technology products, which takes a “trust me” approach. Apple has earned a commanding market value of $669.6 billion thanks to its ability to sell its products at price premiums to consumers. The company develops its products largely in secrecy and unveils them to the public with a sense of shock and awe. Shares of Apple Friday closed up $1.36, or 1.2%, to a another new high of $114.18. The stock keeps flying higher so quickly the analysts can’t even raise their targets fast enough. Apple is one of the few tech stocks to power the Nasdaq higher since it peaked back in March 2000.
On the other hand, Microsoft is taking a more open approach. In recent weeks, Microsoft has made its Office productivity software, such as Word, Excel and Powerpoint, available on all mobile devices for free, including Apple’s platform. The company also released a smartwatch that works on all platforms, including Apple’s iOS and Google’s Android – months before the Apple Watch. Additionally, the company is taking a “customer is right” approach to the creation of its latest Windows operating system. Microsoft developing the latest version of Windows 10 completely in the open — allowing anyone to download the software and provide suggestions, comments and criticisms. And this week, Microsoft updated it Visual Studio development software, helping programmers create apps not just for Microsoft platforms but Android and iOS as well.  Microsoft also engages customers on social networks Facebook and Twitter, unlike Apple.
Will secrecy and mystique win or will openness? That’s the question investors are waiting to answer.
MOST VALUABLE STOCKS IN THE S&P 500 INDEX
Company

BRICS leaders dissatisfied with slow IMF ref...You are here: Home > Collections > Imf
BRICS leaders dissatisfied with slow IMF reforms
IANS Nov 15, 2014, 03.33PM IST
Tags:
Brisbane
(In a statement released…)
BRISBANE: The BRICS leaders Saturday reaffirmed their disappointment and serious concern over the non-implementation of the 2010 International Monetary Fund (IMF) reforms at an informal meeting hours ahead of the G20 leaders summit in Brisbane .
In a statement released after the meeting, the leaders agreed that the slow action on IMF reforms undermined the "legitimacy and credibility" of IMF.
BRICS is a grouping acronym that refers to the countries of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa .
"Undue delays in ratifying the 2010 agreement are in contradiction with the joint commitment by the G20 Leaders since 2009," Xinhua quoted the statement as saying, adding that if the US failed to ratify the reform agreement by the year-end, the G20 should schedule a discussion of the options for the IMF future reforms in January 2015.
In November 2010, the IMF announced that its board of executive directors had approved historic reforms, including shifting more than 6 per cent of quotas from advanced economies to "dynamic" emerging and developing countries by 2012.
The reforms have been broadly believed to be reflecting the increasing economic strength of developing countries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Philae probe scientists listen  wait for comet lander signalsUpdated: November 16, 2014 07:51 IST
Philae completes exploration of comet’s surface
AP
Tweet
AP
The combination photo of different images taken with Philae's CIVA camera system released by the European Space Agency ESA on November 13, 2014 shows Rosetta’s lander Philae as it is safely on the surface of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. Philae landed Nov. 12, 2014 next to a cliff that largely blocked sunlight from reaching its solar panels on the comet.
TOPICS
science and technology
The pioneering lander Philae completed its primary mission of exploring the comet’s surface and returned plenty of data before depleted batteries forced it to go silent, the European Space Agency (ESA) said on Saturday.
“All of our instruments could be operated and now it’s time to see what we got,” ESA’s blog quoted lander manager Stephan Ulamec as saying.
Since landing on Wednesday on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko some 500 million kilometres away, the lander has performed a series of scientific tests and sent reams of data, including photos, back to Earth.
In addition, the lander was lifted on Friday by about 1.5 inches and rotated about 35 degrees in an effort to pull it out of a shadow so that solar panels could recharge the depleted batteries, ESA’s blog said.
ESA spokesman Bernard von Weyhe on Saturday confirmed the lander’s difficult rotation operation. It’s still unclear whether it succeeded in putting the solar panels out of the shade.
Even if the lander was rotated successfully and is able to recharge its batteries with sunlight, it may take weeks or months until it will send out new signals. Regular checks for signals will continue.
ESA’s mission control centre in Darmstadt, Germany, received the last signals from Philae on Saturday morning at 0036 GMT. Before the signal died, the lander returned all of its housekeeping data as well as scientific data of its experiments on the surface, which means it completed the measures as planned, the ESA blog said.

Jilted lover arrested for creating fake Facebook profile to malign womanThe accused allegedly used Facebook as a means to take revenge on a divorced woman
By: Express News Service | Vadodara | Posted: November 15, 2014 6:50 pm
A jilted lover was arrested by the cyber crime cell of the Vadodara police Saturday for creating fake profile of a woman on a social networking site Facebook with the aim to malign her character by portraying her as a call girl.
The accused, Bhupendra Shah, a resident of Ghodasar in Ahmedabad, allegedly used Facebook as a means to take revenge on a divorced woman, who is a resident of Karelibaug in Vadodara, by creating three fake accounts and profiles and posting her photograph and mobile number on each of them. Police said Shah posted a message that suggested that the owner of the mobile number was a prostitute seeking clients through the social networking site.
“Shah created three accounts in the name of Poonam Shah, Nick Shah and Hasya Shah, and posted the mobile number of the victim on each of these accounts along with her photo and a message that suggested that she was seeking clients. Soon after, the victim started receiving calls form anonymous persons asking for her ‘rate’. Alerted, she asked from where they got her mobile number and learnt that her number was in circulation on social networking site,” said cyber crime cell PI VJ Rathod.
The victim lodged a police complaint and an investigation was launched. Soon, police sought details of the creator of the account from the Facebook and in a month and half, they learnt that the accused was behind creating the profile. Police booked him under various acts of the Information technology Act (2008) and Indian Penal Code for spreading obscene materials using computer device to malign the character of the victim.
Shah had got in touch with the victim nearly a year ago on Yahoo Messanger and both had exchanged numbers. The victim, divorcee, had refused to marry the accused and had married someone else. In order to take revenge for being jilted in love, he tried to malign her character using fake Facebook profile, police said.

Grant Bihar special status  I will become your supporter: CM Manjhi to ModiBy: Press Trust of India | Barh | Posted: November 15, 2014 6:30 pm
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi on Saturday said he was ready to become a supporter of Prime Minister Narendra Modi if he granted special category status to the state and fulfilled other long pending demands.
“If you fulfill your commitment to provide special category status to Bihar and other long pending demands like reimbursing Rs 1,000 crore spent by the state from its limited resources to repair national highways, I will become your supporter,” Manjhi said in his speech while inauguration of the fourth unit NTPC Barh Super Thermal Power Plant.
Addressing a public function after the commercial launch of the unit, he took potshots at the NDA government at the Centre saying “Going by loud assertions of its ministers, it seems all the problems of Bihar have been solved.”
“In place of high decibel claims the state needs concrete steps to solve Bihar’s problems on the ground,” he said. He referred to the seven ministers of the union government hailing from Bihar as “sat bhaiya’ (seven brothers) and urged them to ensure that the dues of the state were fulfilled.
Protesting against the ignoring of his predecessor and senior JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar by the organisers of the function, he said “There should not have been politics in it.”
Earlier, Manjhi accompanied Union Minister of State for Power Piyush Goyal to Muzaffarpur to inaugurate the commercial operation of 110 MW unit II of Muzaffarpur Thermal power station (Stage I).

A standout shake  anecdote and BBQ: PM Narendra Modi at G20 SummitPrint
By: PTI | Brisbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 6:13 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday  carried on with his hectic international diplomacy holding parleys with world leaders, including US President Barack Obama, over bilateral meetings and informal discussions on the fifth day of his whirlwind three-nation 10-day tour.
More meetings are on the anvil during the remaining days in Australia and Fiji, where he will be making a day-long visit.
— Tony Abbott (@TonyAbbottMHR) November 15, 2014
It was a warm hug for Australian Premier Tony Abbott by Modi — described by the Australian media as a “standout shake” so far at the G20 summit — that was distinct from the formal handshakes with the host by other world leaders.
Dressed in a black bandhgala suit, Modi narrated an anecdote to President Obama and Abbott during the G20 retreat, sharing with them the story of Chicago-based Walter Burley Griffin, the well known American architect who designed the new Australian capital Canberra and who was buried in Lucknow.
“The life of Walter Burley Griffin is a common link among USA-Australia-India which the leaders appreciated,” External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin tweeted. Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin were also seen having a chat with Modi at the summit of the Group of 20 industrialised and major emerging economies.
“Focus on global issues,” External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin tweeted about this interaction.
On the fifth day of his foreign visit, Modi met French President Francois Hollande, Canadian Premier Stephen Harper and Crown Prince Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
The Spokesperson, while giving details of these meetings, said Modi had informal interactions with several world leaders, including Abbott, Obama and Prince Saud, during the course of the summit.
The informal meeting of the five-nation BRICS also saw Modi having interactions with Chinese President Xi Jinping, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, Putin and South African President Jacob Zuma.
Modi is due to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Spain’s Premier Mariano Rajoy tomorrow. Australian daily The Age while referring to Abbott-Modi hug: said, “The stand out shake so far has been India’s Prime Minister Modi, who gave Abbott a hug. An ‘awww’ could be heard across the media centre. There were no hugs from Abbott besties David Cameron and Stephen Harper. We repeat, no hugs.”
Abbott also joined in the tweet exchanges when he made a mention of barbeque lunch hosted by him during the retreat at the Queensland Parliament House.
The BBQ lunch with @narendramodi and @BarackObama was an opportunity for #G20 Leaders to talk in a relaxed atmosphere pic.twitter.com/zxYcUa28et
— Tony Abbott (@TonyAbbottMHR) November 15, 2014
The Australian leader posted a photo of Modi sharing a lighter moment with Obama and himself during the retreat.
“The BBQ lunch with @narendramodi and @BarackObama was an opportunity for #G20 Leaders to talk in a relaxed atmosphere,”
Abbott posted.
Modi kicked off his bilateral diplomatic engagements on the margins of the back-to-back India-ASEAN and East Asian summits after he landed in Myanmar capital Nay Pyi Taw, holding several meetings.
Besides his interaction with the summit host and Myanmar President U Thein Sein, Modi met his counterparts from Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand — Najib Razak, Lee Hsien Loong and Prayut Chan-o-cha — respectively, and Sultan of Brunei Hassanal Bolkiah. Modi also met Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, Indonesian President Joko Widodo, and Laos Premier Thongsing Thammavong.
In Brisbane, Modi earlier met European Commission Chief Herman Van Rompuy and British Premier David Cameron shortly after his arrival in Australia.

Carlsen vs Anand : Chess World Championship game 6 liveprint
In the sixth game of the World Chess Championship Viswanathan Anand playing with black pieces lost to Magnus Carlsen.
Move 26, which will go down in the history books, as one of the most shocking set of moves played in a top level game, saw Carlsen blunder and Vishy blunder back which changed the course of the game.
Game board
Analysis
Initially, game 6 saw a flurry of moves from both players. There were no surprises in the opening. Anand went for the famous Sicilian defence again which he chose last time when played black, thus encouraging active play.
The game was fast-paced with both the players taking less than fifteen minutes for the first 12 moves. Carlsen went for a queen trade-off in the ninth move.
Susan Polgar, famous chess commentator, tweeted, "Qxd8 Kxd8 Queens already off the board. Basically white has very little initiatives in this line. Slow squeeze coming."
After 12 moves, white had two bishops intact but also had two pawns lined up in the 'c' file and Black's positon was cramped and also caslting was no more an option.
 
The 'G7' pawn
When Carlsen started marching his 'H' pawn into opposition camp to start squeezing Anand for space, he responded with 'H6'. Which was not appreciated by many chess experts.
The commentators immediately shot-off, "Not a very good move by Vishy. His 'G' pawn may come under threat later."
Polgar tweeted, "H6 - I am not a fan of this move. g7 pawn can be a target for Magnus later. Black is still ok but Magnus has room to squeeze". She continued, "to defend g7, Anand will swing the other Rook to g8, and not the h Rook as white has Bd3 - Bh7."
As expected, Magnus started attacking the 'G7' pawn.
Chess Grandmaster Teymur Rajabov tweeted, "Terrible choice by Anand today. Just worse, being worse on Saturday all day long is unpleasant,bad week-end choice."
Chess commentator Nigel Short was not happy with Anand's choices today, "Actually I don't like the Black position at all. I guess Black needs Nf8 and g5 as a defence, but there are tactical problems there too."
World No 2 Fabiano Caruana tweeted, "Passive and unpleasant position for Anand - something went very wrong. Now we can settle down for a long grind."
To sum it up, it was a very bad position for Anand. Against a player like Magnus who is looking for even a smallest lee-way to pounce, this was a setback.
Slowly Anand started to make amendments with some quiet moves like putting his bishop in a better square, and pushing his queen side pawns up the board to create some sort of pressure in case Carlsen fails to make any inroads. 
A blunder and a counter-blunder
Probably 'move 26' will go down in chess history as one of the most shocking moments witnessed in a top level game. In what can be described as a 'monumental blunder' Carlsen moved king to d2.
If Anand had waited and weighed his options even for a minute he would have went with 26... Nxe5 27. Rxg8 Nxc4+ 28. Kd3 Nb2+ 29. Ke2 Rxg8 30. Rxh6. This line of play would have dramatically changed the game.
Instead of capturing Magnus' 'E5' pawn, Anand replied with 'A4' in less than 12 seconds without much thinking. It proved to be a 'monumental counter-blunder'.
Here is the video of the moment
As it can be seen clearly, Magnus realised his mistake when he started noting down his move. He stops writing for some time when his blunder soaked in! Even though Vishy took some time to think, he went ahead with blundered back, followed by Magnus putting his head down in total disbelief at his luck.
The entire chess world erupted at once. Most of them were at a loss of words to describe what they had just witnessed. Chess Grand Master Nakamura thought it was a 'transmission error'.
Polgar tweeted, "Still stunned about what happened! It is not so often in this level for 2 top players to blunder back to back. This was the gift of the match for Anand and he did not see it. What a bad time for Anand to play instantly after Kd2!"
Nigel Short gave a criket analogy to describe the blunder, "Magnus got away with a huge error. Almost as bad as dropping Rohit Sharma when he was on 4 runs"
Russian Chess Grand Master Kramink who was commentating was asked how would one recover from such an oversight, he replied, "My experience is that you don't recover."
That is what exactly happened to Anand. After the blunder he never recovered and it will also have a scarring effect in the games to follow. Anand's mistake will haunt him for a very long time.
There was noting much left to play for. White started gobbling up Anand's pawns, and Anand never had a chance to recover back.
Post-match presser
When Magnus was asked about the blunder he said, "Immediately after I made my move, I realised. I'm extremely lucky."
Magnus added, "Anand didn't expect it to happen. So I escaped. I'm massively relived."
When Anand was asked the same, "When you are not expecting a gift, sometimes you won't take it. I realised after playing too. It was a terrible game."
Here is the video of the press conference
Previous games
Add this to your flipboard Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Dont's miss any stories, follow our World Chess Championship magazine View my Flipboard Magazine.

Rohit Sharma creates history  tops Twitter chartsRohit Sharma gestures towards the dressing room after his century against Sri Lanka in Kolkata. (Express photo by Partha Paul)
Posted: November 15, 2014 7:25 pm
After scoring his first double century (209) against Australia in Bangalore on November 3, 2013 Rohit Sharma created history by scoring 263 against Sri Lanka and becoming the only cricketer with  two double tons in a ODI . @ImRo45 with 1.45 million followers on Twitter  was top Trending as India went on to beat Sri Lanka with a massive 153 runs and still continues to trend along with #INDVsSL.
Tweets from Rohit Sharma
Taking this opportunity also to thank Abhishek nayar,dhananjai(performance analyst)and Vaibhav Daga(Physio Bcci)for their help last 2 months
— Rohit Sharma (@ImRo45) November 13, 2014
 
Thank you so very much for showering all your good wishes. — Rohit Sharma (@ImRo45) November 13, 2014
 
Tweets from the Cricketing Fraternity
Very well batted Rohit.thats Rohit for everyone,sheer talent.Enjoy and Witness the class in action.
— Mahendra Singh Dhoni (@msdhoni) November 13, 2014
Wow !! What a special knock from a special player. Congrats @ImRo45 on an outstanding knock. Keep it up buddy @BCCI #IndvsSL

Modi urges  people-driven  reforms  seeks black money cooperation at G20 meetAt G20, Modi talks reforms, seeks black money cooperation
Agencies  Brisbane, November 15, 2014
First Published: 14:55 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:32 IST(16/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi brought to the world stage his promise to bring back black money stashed abroad, pitching for global cooperation to tackle the menace at his first G20 summit on Saturday.
Heads of states and international organizations pose for the 'family photo' during the G20 Summit in Brisbane. (AFP Photo)
He told G20 leaders as well as heads of the five-nation BRICS bloc that “repatriation” of black money is his government’s priority and sent a message that economic reforms for tangible growth should be “people-centric and people-driven” and insulated from politics.
Modi underscored the security and economic challenges that slush funds pose to the international community and sought close coordination among the nations to achieve the objective of bringing back home Indian slush money kept hidden abroad.
“Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a key priority for us,” said the Prime Minister, one of the most sought-after leaders at the summit, who stood next to British premier David Cameron at the customary photo-op in a bandhgala with a pink pocket square masking the grey.
External affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said it was the first time that the “security dimensions” of black money have been brought to focus. Modi’s pitch was in line with summit host Australia’s promise for a “very aggressive” crackdown on tax avoidance, which goes with India seeking strong action by the G20 nations against tax havens.
The two-day summit is being held at a time tax avoidance by multinational companies were reportedly organising tax-lowering deals with Luxembourg and pressure from anti-corruption advocates, urging the major economies to stem the flow of slush funds across borders.
Later in the day, Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a retreat hosted by his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott that economic reforms were handicapped by the perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people. He said this needs to change.
“Reform is bound to face resistance ... (it) must be insulated from political pressure,” Modi said and pointed out that it cannot be undertaken by “stealth”.
His comments in Brisbane come days before the start of the winter session of Parliament in which key but controversial legislations on opening up the pension and insurance sectors are expected to be taken up.
Modi also called for a common strategy to tackle global terrorism at meetings with French president Francois Hollande and Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper on the sidelines of the summit.
He told both leaders that religion should be delinked from terrorism.
Host Abbott got a Modi “jhappi” (hug) that the Australian media described as the “standout shake” of the summit — distinct from the formal handshakes.
The Australian leader posted a photo of Modi sharing a lighter moment with US President Barack Obama and himself during the retreat. “The BBQ lunch with @narendramodi and @BarackObama was an opportunity for #G20 Leaders to talk in a relaxed atmosphere,” Abbott posted.

Kolkata copslathicharge reporters  stop Kunal Ghosh from speakingReporters waiting for Kunal Ghosh lathicharged
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, November 15, 2014
First Published: 16:03 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 21:27 IST(15/11/2014)
Comments
Policemen desperate to prevent Rajya Sabha MP Kunal Ghosh from speaking to the media went to the extent of making a lathicharge on a crowd of waiting mediamen inside SSKM Hospital premises apart from pushing, pulling and shoving the ailing MP who had a Ryles Tube dangling from his nose.
A few persons who were standing in the hospital premises also received a few blows.
The lathicharge happened around 1:15 pm when Ghosh was being brought back to SSKM Hospital after an EEG test from adjacent Bangur Institute of Neurology (BIN).
The desperation of the policemen increased after Ghosh’s statement began to be aired on TV channels. “Ask them to first arrest those who are 'guilty',” Ghosh managed to comment on the way to BIN for the test.
The police first waited for about 30 minutes while Ghosh waited inside the ambulance.
Ghosh was spotted knocking the door of the ambulance, trying to step out. Dressed in a green hospital robe, with a ryles tube attached to his nose, and sweating, he pleaded to be escorted out of the ambulance. The windows of the vehicles were closed so that the MP could not speak to journalists.
Kunal Ghosh suicide bid: Police and media clash outside hospital, Ghosh led away
Finally, when Ghosh was escorted out of the ambulance towards the main block, his face was covered by a police cap to prevent him from saying anything to the reporters standing next to the ambulance.
Amidst a dense crowd, police were seen pulling him down from the ambulance and pushed inside the hospital building.

Cong  PDP didn t support me in revocation of Afspa: Omar'Cong, PDP didn't support me in revocation of Afspa'
PTI   Ganderbal, November 15, 2014
First Published: 18:52 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 19:52 IST(15/11/2014)
Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah on Saturday accused both his coalition partner Congress and opposition Peoples' Democratic Party of not supporting him in his endeavour to get controversial Armed Forces Special Powers Act (Afspa) revoked.
 
He also said PDP did not support him as the opposition party saw "politics" in it and thought the credit would go to the National Conference (NC).
 
"There are no two thoughts (that Congress could have supported but they did not). Though I cannot say that Congress was not with me because no one helped me in this the way (former home minister P) Chidambaram did."
 
"I wish there were one or two more ministers like Chidambaram in the Cabinet Committee on Security, then today we would have come a long way forward in the revocation of Afspa," Omar told reporters after addressing an election rally here.
 
The NC working president said while Chidambaram failed to convince his cabinet colleagues at the Centre, the chief minister could not convince his cabinet colleagues from Congress in the state.
 
"When I talked about revocation of Afspa, the PDP president said that you cannot do it as such and will have to take the advice of the (armed) forces. Whatever they (PDP) say today, let them, but they did not support us that time.
 
"Had they extended their complete support to us, perhaps we could have talked on a unified platform and we could have achieved something. But they did not, they saw politics in it and thought that its credit would go to the NC and they would be at loss, so they opposed it," he said.
 
The chief minister said he tried his best but could not achieve his goal.
 
"I say this that I have not been able to do it. It is not something which is hidden. I tried my best. If I had lacked in my efforts then people would have said so. But unfortunately, we couldn't do it. But if not in this government, then in the next one, we will do it," he said.
Omar said his government did a lot for the people of the state and a lot more was needed to be done.
Omar Abdullah
"My government brought down militancy by 70%. I remember the (2008) elections when our youth supporters covered their faces with veils because of the fear. No one was ready to take part in political gatherings. It is the result of these six years that we have achieved much. I would not say we have achieved 100%, but we have been successful to a large extent," he said.
Asking people to vote for his party, Omar exuded confidence that NC would form the next government.
"The mission of the party is to get the state rid of the gun, Afspa and communalism and usher in an era of development and prosperity. And for that we are presenting ourselves again in front of you with a hope that in the coming elections you will vote in favour of the NC," he said.

Best performing stocks you must invest inPhoto for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Atul Ltd is among the top gainers in the past six months with return of 191%.

Mexican joint La Bodega is ok for a visitStory
Fair Enough
One of the newest Mexican joints in town, La Bodega can be a good bet provided you go in with zilch expectations.
Saurav Bhanot        Edition: Nov 23, 2014
La Bodega Balcony
Finding good Mexican food in Delhi is as tricky as finding a Delhi wedding that isn't over the top- few and far in between. Therefore the announcement of a Mexican place having opened up in the city is not just exciting but skeptical. You don't know what to expect and that is the double-edged sword here. I walked into La Bodega, set in the bustling Khan Market, with zilch expectations. I do that mostly to guard myself from unwanted disappointments and embrace any pleasant surprise that might come my way. It's a strategy that has worked almost always and it was my best armor after hearing not-so-exciting things about the restaurant beforehand.
First things first, the restaurant has some of the most warm and pleasant interiors I've seen in a long time. The place is certain to bring a smile to your face! Nothing too ostentatious here; La Bodega is all about subtle romance- subdued lighting, cozy interiors and even candle lights to boot. Full marks on the interiors here!
My meal began with Tinga de Pollo, a tostada which was so average, I didn't know where to look. Things turned good, however, with Camaron Salteado, another tostada but this time with shrimp. What followed next were four back-to-back tacos, some good and some not so good. Pollo (chicken) and Dorados de Barbacao (Lamb) are the ones you should go for; Pescado (Fish) could have been better; Al Pastor (Pork) is disappointing like how!
I also had a huge problem with the guacamole here. It is one of my most favorite things to eat in the whole world and however decent it might be, the guacamole left me a tad bit disappointed. Another restaurant I recently reviewed, no names mentioned, has a much better one there.
Main course was half-roasted chicken and red snapper fish. Quite decent to be honest- the chicken especially left me impressed. Dessert followed next- I'd say leave everything aside and go for the Churros con Chocolate here. It is a classic item that hasn't been messed up here.
Churros
I also had classic margarita and Mexican basil smash for drinks. The basil one is an interesting drink that certainly deserves a serving!
The best part about the meal, however, were the three palette cleansing 'shots' served- lemon chia, tamarind water and guava mint. Fabulous! All three of them!
The problem with La Bodega is that it promises a lot and performs underwhelming. Certainly not a bad place, it is ok for a visit. I just wish the smashing interiors were matched by an equally smashing serving. I came out with a slight grin, not a full-blown happy smile!

Royal Enfield to set up second project at Oragadam corridorUpdated: November 13, 2014 23:28 IST
Royal Enfield to set up second project at Oragadam corridor
G. Balachandar
plant opening
Buys 50 acre plot near existing factory for future expansion
Royal Enfield Motors, the maker of iconic Bullet, has decided to set up a second project in the Oragadam manufacturing corridor, near here.
The company, which is a part of Eicher Motors, has acquired a 50 acre plot at a cost of Rs.57 crore at Vallam Vadakal near Chennai (where Yamaha is also setting up its factory) to set up a brand new plant. The upcoming unit will be its third factory in Chennai, and second one at the Oragadam industrial belt.
The new plot is located about 10 km from its Oragadam factory. Its first factory is located at Thiruvottiyur. Royal Enfield is ramping up the production capacity from 3 lakh units (Thiruvottiyur + Oragadam) to 4 lakh units in 2015 and 6 lakh units in the subsequent year.
“This prepares us for future expansion to meet the growing demand of our motorcycles worldwide,” according to Siddhartha Lal, Managing Director and CEO, Eicher Motors.
Details such as proposed investments, capacity and job potential will be announced in due course..
Royal Enfield’s two-wheeler sales continue to zoom as the company recorded a 76 per cent rise in sales at 2.41 lakh units during January-September 2014. It is expected to end the calendar year with total sales (domestic+exports) of over 3 lakh units (1.78 lakh units in 2013).
The proposal for a new plant is a part of its domestic-cum-export expansion strategy. Enshrined in this strategy is also a desire to enrich customer experience at retail stores and export markets.
It will also ramping up its dealer network to about 400 outlets by the end of 2014, and 500 outlets by 2015 from 300 in early 2014.
Though its exports are at a nascent stage now, it has embarked on several events in various markets, including the U.K, the U.S. and Europe, to boost shipments in the coming years. The company has also roped in Pierre Terblanche, a popular designerfor motorcycles and served as the head of design for Ducati for over a decade.
The expansion plans are a part of its conscious goal to make a transition from a largely Indian brand to that of a global one in mid-size motorcycle market (above 250cc to 650 cc) in the near future.
For the third quarter ended September 30, 2014, Eicher Motors posted a consolidated net profit of Rs.186 crore, up 28 per cent when compared with Rs.146 crore in the year-ago period. Its total income registered a growth of 31 per cent at Rs.2,275 crore (Rs.1,736 crore).

SC verdict will make things clear: Gavaskar on IPL scamNew Delhi, November 15, 2014
Updated: November 15, 2014 10:29 IST
SC verdict will make things clear: Gavaskar on IPL scam
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu
“I think the AGM has been postponed. So if the AGM is postponed then I believe they are allowing the SC to act in a couple of weeks' time. From then on, things will get a little more clear,” Gavaskar said.
TOPICS
Twenty20
Former India captain Sunil Gavaskar on Friday said the whole IPL spot-fixing scandal will become clear once the Supreme Court verdict is out in the open.
“I think the AGM has been postponed. So if the AGM is postponed then I believe they are allowing the SC to act in a couple of weeks’ of time. From then on, things will get a little more clear,” Gavaskar said.
The SC on Friday named Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) president N. Srinivasan, his son-in-law Gurunath Meiyappan, Rajasthan Royals owner Raj Kundra and IPL CEO Sundar Raman in the IPL-6 scam. Gavaskar though said it’s better to wait and watch than jump the gun.
“Apart from the fact that he (N. Srinivasan) has been suspended (from acting as BCCI president), there is no ruling that bars him from contesting an election. Over a period of time we will get to hear from SC,” he said.
Reading out from the report, a bench of the Supreme Court headed by Justice T.S. Thakur disclosed these names but said the identity of the players should not be made public at this stage. “They should be left out for now”.

Anil Ambani s Reliance Entertainment plans to acquire Western game studios in 2015Infosys founders, including Narayana Murthy, Nandan Nilekani, seeking $1.1 bn via stake sale: Source
Reliance Entertainment plans to begin acquiring North American and European mobile game studios starting in early 2015, in hopes of becoming a significant global player in the fast-growing mobile games industry.
The company, which is the biggest stakeholder in DreamWorks Animation Studios, is in talks with bankers to identify and acquire up-and-coming mobile game studios in North America and Europe to boost sales, Chief Executive Manish Agarwal told Reuters in a phone interview.
“We will go full steam in the January and February time frame in terms of identifying studios,” Agarwal said. “Gaming is going to be the largest share of the pie of entertainment time spent, and Reliance would like to be a sizeable player in that space.”
Reliance Entertainment is a unit of Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani, one of India’s largest conglomerates, with businesses ranging from financial services to infrastructure and power. Its Reliance Games unit is looking at smaller studios at $2 million to $5 million a pop, at least initially, according to Agarwal.
Agarwal said the potential for Reliance Games is “huge.”
“In three years, our business will make $50 million in net revenue, and in five years we’ll be a $100 million company,” he said. Net revenue is after cuts taken by app stores from Google, Apple and others.
Reliance Games, which to date has focused on making titles related to Hollywood properties in partnership with studios such as Warner Bros, Sony and Lions Gate, hopes to use acquisitions to expand into other genres, Agarwal said. Genres of interest include real-time action strategy akin to Supercell’s “Clash of Clans,” puzzlers like King’s  “Candy Crush Saga,” builder games like Supercell’s “Boom Beach,” and social casino games.
Reliance Games develops its own titles at its Pune-based studio in India as well as partnering with other game studios. With about 50 million downloads, its most successful game franchise has been “Real Steel,” with action titles based on the DreamWorks movie with the same name featuring Hugh Jackman.
In the face of competition from larger and more seasoned players such as King and Japan’s GungHo Online Entertainment , Reliance has yet to make waves in a competitive mobile gaming space that investors worry is a fickle, hit-driven business.
Agarwal, who did not identify targets, made it clear that Reliance does not want studios that could be one-hit wonders, such as OMGPOP, which was acquired by Zynga for $200 million but shut down over a year later.
Reliance Games wants nimble studios of five to 12 members and that are “one game away from creating that elusive hit and looking to scale,” Agarwal said. “If the game is already doing good, the shelf life of the game could be six to 12 months.”
Currently, about 70 percent of Reliance Game’s revenue comes from North America, the UK, Russia and Korea, and about 20 percent from India, mostly from games offered through telecom carriers rather than app stores.
“For us, it is not an India story as yet as the opportunity lies in growing globally, Agarwal said. “India is the fastest growing market in terms of Android and gaming is going to compete with TV watch. … What China is today, India will be in the next 24 to 36 months.”
TAGS: Anil Ambani Reliance Entertainment Reliance Games
More from companies

Parineeti-Ranveer starrer  Kill Dill  box office collections at Rs 7.25 cr on Day 1Selena Gomez fan of Jennifer Aniston
When a film is a solo release, expectations are always high and the same was the case with the Parineeti Chopra-Ranveer Singh starrer ‘Kill Dil’, but its box office collections, which were expected to make a good start, managed only an average opening across the country.
According to early estimates, as reported by Koimoi, the action-romance film from the Yash Raj Films, managed to collect Rs 7.25 crore on the opening day. Read Kill Dil Movie Review
While the morning shows of the film, which also features Ali Zafar and Govinda, opened to packed houses with an 80 per cent occupancy rate, the subsequent shows reflected a drastic drop in bookings. If that was not enough, the film will also face competition, albeit mainly in metros from the Hollywood releases ‘Boyhood’, that has been receiving tremendous praise across the globe and the action flick ‘John Wick’.
‘Kill Dil’ has officially been made on a budget of Rs 40 crore, inclusive of print and publicity, will now have to rely on good word of mouth to post good weekend collections.
(With Bollywood Hungama inputs)
TAGS: Box Office Collections Kill Dil Parineeti Chopra Ranveer Singh
More from lifestyle
Selena Gomez fan of Jennifer Aniston Singer-actress Selena Gomez admits she is a huge fan of former 'Friends' actress Jennifer Aniston.

Reform bound to face resistance  must be insulated from political pressures  says PMFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
As he seeks to accelerate his economic reform drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said reform process is bound to face resistance and wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms, Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a Retreat here that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
A barbeque lunch was served to the G20 leaders.
“Reform is bound to face resistance… must be insulated from political pressures,” said Modi.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by “stealth”.
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Modi felt that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that governance methods must be reformed.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the prime minister said it must be technology driven and must have scale and address root causes..
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters yesterday that Prime Minister Abbott had specially requested Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.
TAGS: Economic Reforms G20 Summit Narendra Modi
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

Mominul Haque ton puts Bangladesh on verge ofvictoryMominul, who was playing only his 12th Test, hit 13 fours in his 189-ball innings. (Source: File)
By: Agence-France Presse | Chittagong | Posted: November 15, 2014 7:01 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:40 pm
Mominul Haque scored his fourth Test century to leave Zimbabwe chasing a world record 449-run target to win the third and final Test against Bangladesh in Chittagong on Saturday.
Mominul made an unbeaten 131 as Bangladesh, seeking a 3-0 sweep after winning the first two Tests, piled up 319-5 in their second innings before declaring in the post-tea session of the fourth day’s play.
The tourists ended the day on 71-1 still needing 378 runs more with nine wickets in hand to record an improbable win.
The highest fourth innings total so far that won a Test was 418-7 by the West Indies against Australia in Antigua in
2003.
Sikandar Raza was unbeaten on 43 and Hamilton Masakadza was on 26, the pair having put on 67 for the second wicket after opener Brian Chari was leg-before to Rubel Hossain for zero.
Mominul, who was playing only his 12th Test, hit 13 fours in his 189-ball innings.
He put on 113 for the second wicket with Tamim Iqbal, who missed the chance to become the first Bangladeshi batsman to score centuries in both innings of a Test when he was bowled by Natsai M’shangwe for 65.
Tamim had made 109 runs in the first innings.
Mohammad Mahmuddulah hit 30 off 28 balls, Shakib Al Hasan made 17 and skipper Mushfiqur Rahim scored a brisk 46 off 30 balls to hasten the declaration.
The Test series between the two lowest-ranked teams will be followed by five one-day internationals.

Jilted lover arrested for creating fake Facebook profile to malignwomanThe accused allegedly used Facebook as a means to take revenge on a divorced woman
By: Express News Service | Vadodara | Posted: November 15, 2014 6:50 pm
A jilted lover was arrested by the cyber crime cell of the Vadodara police Saturday for creating fake profile of a woman on a social networking site Facebook with the aim to malign her character by portraying her as a call girl.
The accused, Bhupendra Shah, a resident of Ghodasar in Ahmedabad, allegedly used Facebook as a means to take revenge on a divorced woman, who is a resident of Karelibaug in Vadodara, by creating three fake accounts and profiles and posting her photograph and mobile number on each of them. Police said Shah posted a message that suggested that the owner of the mobile number was a prostitute seeking clients through the social networking site.
“Shah created three accounts in the name of Poonam Shah, Nick Shah and Hasya Shah, and posted the mobile number of the victim on each of these accounts along with her photo and a message that suggested that she was seeking clients. Soon after, the victim started receiving calls form anonymous persons asking for her ‘rate’. Alerted, she asked from where they got her mobile number and learnt that her number was in circulation on social networking site,” said cyber crime cell PI VJ Rathod.
The victim lodged a police complaint and an investigation was launched. Soon, police sought details of the creator of the account from the Facebook and in a month and half, they learnt that the accused was behind creating the profile. Police booked him under various acts of the Information technology Act (2008) and Indian Penal Code for spreading obscene materials using computer device to malign the character of the victim.
Shah had got in touch with the victim nearly a year ago on Yahoo Messanger and both had exchanged numbers. The victim, divorcee, had refused to marry the accused and had married someone else. In order to take revenge for being jilted in love, he tried to malign her character using fake Facebook profile, police said.

Amit Shah keeps mum on NCP role during trustvotePrint
By: Express News Service | Pune | Posted: November 15, 2014 6:41 pm
Refusing to speak on the role NCP had played during the trust vote of Devendra Fadnavis government in Maharashtra, BJP national president Amit Shah Saturday said he would comment on it at an “appropriate time”.
“Public will get answers. I will speak at appropriate time,” said Shah, while evading a media query on BJP allegedly taking support from NCP to save Fadnavis government despite leveling serious allegations against Sharad Pawar led party during campaigning of the state Assembly elections.
Shah, who was at Auranagbad in Marathwada region, a day after attending an inauguration of crushing season of Paithan-based Sant Eknath Cooperative Sugar factory on Friday, also parried questions on whether BJP is holding any fresh talks with Shiv Sena about joining the government.
Shiv Sena as well as the Congress have been slamming BJP over “taking NCP support” to save Fadnavis government.
Meanwhile, the BJP president met local party leaders and workers during his Auranagbad tour, and reportedly discussed strategy for strengthening party base in the region.

Gujarat announces new IT/ITeS policy  targets 15-fold turnover jump by2020Print
By: Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 15, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:18 pm
With an aim to help “create an IT/ITeS ecosystem” in Gujarat and to attract new IT firms, the state government on Saturday announced a new Information Technology Policy (2014-19). This policy has a target of achieving an ambitious 15-fold increase in the state’s annual IT/ITES turnover, by 2020.
The IT policy aims to increase the turnover of the state to 75,000 crore or USD 15 billion and create employment opportunities for 10 lakh persons by 2020, stated state finance minister Saurabh Patel in a release here.
“At present there are about 1400 plus IT/ITES companies in Gujarat with a total annual turnover of USD 1 billion or Rs 6000 crore. With this policy we expect 500 new IT units to be set up in the state every year,” said a state government official.
Under this new policy, the state government will “duly facilitate allotment of land for IT/ITES units investing in the state.” Special provisions have been made for mega IT/ITES projects that have an investment size of Rs 50 crore (excluding the cost of land) and can provide employment to 1000 (for IT companies) and 1500 (ITES firms) persons. For those interested in developing IT/ITES technology parks the state government will give a 50 percent exemption in the fixed capital investment (cap of Rs 2.5 crore) in buildings and infrastructure facilities.
Among a slew of sops announced today, the state government will also provide all new IT/ITES companies with 100 percent relief in electricity duty for a period of five years from the date of commencement of operations. These units will also be given 100 percent exemption in stamp duty and registration fee for the sale/lease/transfer of land which will be limited to the first transcation.
About 30 percent subsidy — with a ceiling of five lakh per annum for two years — will be given. Moreover, 25 percent subsidy will also be given for new IT/ITES units who wish to set up their firms in IT parks.
Apart from this, 100 percent reimbursement will be given to the units on EPF deposited for women employees and 75 percent reimbursement in case of male employees (ceiling of Rs 5 lakh per annum).
Some of the provisions for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) units in Gujarat has been incorporated in this IT policy. This includes interest subsidy for five years, seven percent subsidy on a sum of up to Rs 25 lakh annually and a five percent subsidy for up to Rs 35 lakh for IT/ITES MSMES.
Encouragement will also be given to help the firms acquire new technology, get patents, quality certification, R&D and development of markets.
The state government also plans to establish a “start-up village or incubation centre” at one of more places in the state. “By declaring a separate IT/ITES, E-governance (declared today) and a electronic policy (declared a couple of days back), we are trying to create an entire ecosystem for the sector in the state,” said S J Haider, secretary, Department of Science and Technology in the state.
The new IT policy comes continued…

Tom Boon fetches highest price in HHIL 2015 closebidThe closed bid included 149 players, which includes 95 domestic and 54 foreign players. (Source: Hockey India)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 8:10 pm
Belgium forward Tom Boon on Saturday fetched the highest price in the closed bid for 2015 season of the Hero Hockey India League after he was bought by newcomers Dabang Mumbai for a whoppig USD 103,000.
Dabang Mumbai is being run by DoIT Sports Management who is the new owner of the franchise, earlier called ‘Mumbai Magicians’, owned by Dabur Group which pulled out of the third edition of HIL.
After the first two disappointing seasons, the Mumbai franchise was looking towards a fresh start in the HHIL and
have put together a completely new, formidable side and also have roped in new coaching ste-up.
Unlike other six teams, Dabang Mumbai have exhausted their entire USD 7,50,000 purse and have managed to put
together a competitive outfit which includes the likes of Boon, Australian Mathew Swann (the second highest purchased player at USD 78,000), Glenn Turner, David Harte, Floris Evers, Indian veterans Arjun Halappa and Bharat Chikara among others.
In the closed bid there were 149 players, which includes 95 domestic and 54 foreign players, up for sale and Boon turned out to be the most sought-after player with a price tag of at USD 103000, which is the highest for any player in the HILL since its start.
Australian midfielder Swann, also picked by Dabang Mumbai, is the second highest at USD 78000, closely followed
by Indian national team goalkeeper PR Sreejesh, who has been bought by Uttar Pradesh Wizards, for USD 69000.
Another new franchise Ranchi Rays going for Australian Striker, Trent Mitton for USD 67000.
Another new franchise, Ranchi Rays, who replaced inaugural HHIL champions Ranchi Rhinos, have retained most of the players who played in the earlier two editions of the league.
The Ranchi team, owned by India cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, have made just six changes from previous Ranchi Rhinos squad and have roped in Australian duo of Trent Mitton (USD 67000) — fourth highest bid player and Daniel Beale.
Reigning champions Delhi Waveriders have picked up just three players — Andrew Hayward of New Zealand and Indian duo of Gurpreet Singh and Diwakar Ram, while last year’s runners-up Jaypee Punjab Warriors have made just one purchase in young Indian midfielder Simranjeet Singh from Saturday’s closed bid.
Uttar Pradesh Wizards have picked up four players the most prominent among them is India’s national team goalkeeper and vice-captain P R Sreejesh.
Kalinga Lancers, who returned with wooden-spoon in last HHIL, meanwhile, have picked up four new players from the closed bid. The Lancers also have a new coach in Jude Felix, who replaced Australian Terry Walsh.
While Ranchi Rays named Harendra Singh as their chief coach, Dabang Mumbai have roped in German Valentin Altenburg at their head coach and Indian Olympian Anil Aldrin as the assitant coach.
Kalinga Lancers have handpicked 23-member squad for HHIL 2015, while other five teams have 24 players in the squad.
“It is a fresh start for us and we will try to play enthusiastic and offensive hockey. We will try to celebrate hockey while playing,” newly-appointed Dabang Mumbai coach Valentin said.
Interestingly, Uttar Pradesh Wizards have picked continued…

NDA government framing new education policy  to come out by 2015: SmritiIraniPrint
HRD Minister Smriti Irani performing the 'Ganga Puja' in Varanasi on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Varanasi | Posted: November 15, 2014 7:55 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:11 pm
The NDA government is framing a new education policy to remove existing loopholes and give maximum and easy access to better education to all sections of the society, Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani today said here.
The new policy, she said, is expected to come out next year.
“We want to remove the maximum loopholes from the existing education policies, and will come up with a newly framed one for giving maximum and easy access to education to common people.
“The new education policy of the NDA government is expected to come out next year, for which the suggestions would be sought from grass root level,” she said. The Minister said past education policies were framed by very few people called as experts, consisting mostly of educationists, academicians and bureaucrats.
“Such policies were least associated with common man living in far off villages, and mattered less to rural people.
In the new education policy, our aim is to specifically target those students who are living in villages and could not continue their education due to lack of exposure and unavailability of resources. They should get maximum benefit,” Irani said.
The HRD minister was here to inaugurate a national seminar at Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth on Saturday.
Stressing that providing better future to youngsters was her government’s top priority, she said, after so many years a government was formed at the Centre with absolute majority, as young, mostly in the age group of 30, voted for lotus.
Irani said girl students should be encouraged to take up technical education, where their number was less, despite the fact that their performance in board exams was better than that of boys.
Some Banaras Hindu University student held protest demanding restoration of students union in BHU.
They held protest against the HRD minister here outside the venue and carried postcards, questioning why government was patronizings RSS in BHU and Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth.
They also carried postcards, questioning why government was patronising RSS in BHU and Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth.

Interactive: Ride to the annual Pushkar CattleFairPrint
Pushkar Cattle Fair 2014. (Source: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
Written by Abhimanyu Chakravorty | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 7:51 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 3:40 pm
The annual Pushkar Cattle Fair in Rajasthan is a versatile combination of colours, culture and plentiful cattle. To witness the fair, we rode 410 km on a motorcycle from New Delhi  to the holy city of Pushkar and documented the journey as well as the festival.
The story will take a few seconds to load.

Rohit Sharma creates history  tops TwitterchartsRohit Sharma gestures towards the dressing room after his century against Sri Lanka in Kolkata. (Express photo by Partha Paul)
Posted: November 15, 2014 7:25 pm
After scoring his first double century (209) against Australia in Bangalore on November 3, 2013 Rohit Sharma created history by scoring 263 against Sri Lanka and becoming the only cricketer with  two double tons in a ODI . @ImRo45 with 1.45 million followers on Twitter  was top Trending as India went on to beat Sri Lanka with a massive 153 runs and still continues to trend along with #INDVsSL.
Tweets from Rohit Sharma
Taking this opportunity also to thank Abhishek nayar,dhananjai(performance analyst)and Vaibhav Daga(Physio Bcci)for their help last 2 months
— Rohit Sharma (@ImRo45) November 13, 2014
 
Thank you so very much for showering all your good wishes. — Rohit Sharma (@ImRo45) November 13, 2014
 
Tweets from the Cricketing Fraternity
Very well batted Rohit.thats Rohit for everyone,sheer talent.Enjoy and Witness the class in action.
— Mahendra Singh Dhoni (@msdhoni) November 13, 2014
Wow !! What a special knock from a special player. Congrats @ImRo45 on an outstanding knock. Keep it up buddy @BCCI #IndvsSL

Channel says photos show MH17 shot down by f...Russian TV channel says photos show MH17 shot down by fighter jet
Reuters Nov 15, 2014, 06.26PM IST
Tags:
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17
(Russian state-controlled…)
MOSCOW: Russian state-controlled TV has broadcast what it called "sensational" photographs, which it said supported Moscow's theory that Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was shot down by a Ukrainian fighter jet .
Several commentators who have examined the photographs have described them as forgeries, however.
The photographs, said to be taken by a Western satellite, appear to show a fighter jet firing a missile at a passenger plane over eastern Ukraine where the Malaysian airliner was shot down on July 17, killing all 298 people on board.
Moscow has long said it believed the aircraft was destroyed by a Ukrainian military jet, while Western officials say evidence suggests the plane was hit by a Russian-made surface-to-air missile fired by pro-Russian separatist rebels.
The photographs were aired on a Friday evening news show "Odnako", which said they had been sent to a Russian expert by a man called George Bilt, who had presented himself as a graduate from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
"We have at our disposal sensational photographs presumably made by a foreign spy satellite in the last seconds of the Malaysian Boeing's flight over Ukraine," Channel One presenter Dmitry Borisov said.
"The pictures support that version which has hardly been heard in the West."
Since being aired by Channel One, the photographs have met with widespread scepticism.
Andrei Menshenin, a commentator for independent Russian radio station Ekho Moskvy, called the TV report a "pseudo-sensation", and said the angle of attack indicated by the photographs did not correspond to the location of the damage.
Bellingcat, a British investigative journalism website, described the photographs as "a crude fabrication", highlighting what it said were several inconsistencies, which included signs that the photos had been partly compiled from historical Google Earth imagery dating from 2012.
During the course of the Ukraine crisis Russian state television has frequently aired reports, sometimes including apparently sensational evidence, that back the Kremlin's version of events.
In July, an opinion poll by the Levada Centre polling agency said only three percent of Russians believed the Malaysian airliner was hit by rebels, with 82 percent saying it was shot down by the Ukrainian armed forces.
The publication of the photos came on the eve of a G20 summit in Brisbane, where President Vladimir Putin faces strong criticism from Western leaders for Russia's actions in Ukraine.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rose Valley scam much bigger than Saradha  says EDBy: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: November 12, 2014 3:19 pm
The mobilisation of money from the market is much more in Rose Valley firm than in the Saradha ponzi firms, Enforcement Directorate (ED), which is probing the money laundering aspects of both the firms, said here.
“The Rose Valley scam is of much bigger magnitude than the Saradha. It is probably six times bigger as Rose Valley had collected deposits of around Rs 15,000 crore from the public”, a source in the directorate said.
To track the money trail of Rose Valley, ED had already frozen around 2500-odd accounts of the firm.
While money can be deposited in those accounts, no amount can be withdrawn from them, the source said.
The source said that public attention was much more in Saradha as it turned out to be a high profile one. The CBI had also been directed to probe the Saradha scam which the agency was doing now along with the ED.
Tracking the accounts of these two firms was a humongous task as each account was having several branch accounts.
“For instance, we have unearthed so far ten lakh accounts for the Saradha group. There could be more which is yet to be ascertained”, the source said.
Relating to Saradha probe, which ED started from April 2013, the source said that identification of substantial part of ‘crime proceeds’ was over.
“We will be able to file the charge sheet once the predicate offence was established by CBI”, the source said.

Flipkart rings in changes at the top  Rishi Vasudev  Parameswaran Balakrishnan join as V-PsPrint
New Delhi | Posted: November 12, 2014 3:38 pm
India’s largest online retailer Flipkart today announced the addition of two new members to its leadership positions, Vice President of Fashion (Retail) and the Vice President of HR (Supply-Chain).
Rishi Vasudev joined as the new Vice President- Fashion (Retail), bringing with him over 15 years of experience in the fashion and retail industry with his last stint being the CEO of Calvin Klein India, Flipkart said in a statement.
Starting his career with the Aditya Birla Group, Rishi has worked with companies like Louis Philippe, Arvind Brands- where he led the end-to-end makeover for brands like Arrow, Gant and Izod. His rich portfolio of work experience includes building, enabling and sustaining various fashion brands in India. In his new role Rishi will spearhead P&L for all fashion categories at Flipkart.
“Fashion is very strategic to us and we have seen tremendous growth in the category this year. We are continuously expanding our selection and experience for the lifestyle category. To drive this agenda forward, we are very excited to have Rishi joining our team,” said Mukesh Bansal, Head, Fashion, Flipkart.
Parameswaran Balakrishnan has joined Flipkart as Vice President- HR for supply chain. His role will involve driving all business partnering, talent acquisition and functional L&D for supply chain at Flipkart, the statement said.
Parameswaran has over two decades of experience working with large organisations like Toyota and Tata Motors.
“These new additions to Flipkart’s leadership team show the importance we place on identifying and securing the best talent available. We are quite excited to have Param joining us,” said Mekin Maheshwari, CPO, Flipkart.
Flipkart.com is India’s leading e-commerce marketplace offering over 20 million products across 70 plus categories including Books, Media, Consumer Electronics and Lifestyle. It has 26 million registered users clocking over 8 million daily visits.

Dip in inflation  rise in IIP unlikely to alter RBIs rate stancePrint
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 13, 2014 1:20 am | Updated: November 13, 2014 10:18 am
Providing some relief to the government on economic front, retail inflation, helped by slower annual rises in food and fuel prices, cooled to 5.52 per cent in October, its lowest level since the government started releasing the data in 2012, while industrial output grew 2.5 percent year-on-year in September, its fastest pace in three months.
The consumer price index-based inflation, which the Reserve Bank of India tracks in setting lending rates, stood at 6.46 per cent in September, while the factory output, measured in terms of index of industrial production (IIP) registered 0.4 per cent growth in both August and July.
Even though the development indicates some uptick in economy, the relief on inflation is largely because of the base effect, experts said.
Several analysts agree that while the CPI inflation target set by the Reserve Bank of India’s could be achieved earlier, the central bank is unlikely to cut rates until it is fully convinced that the inflation genie is back in the bottle. The next monetary policy review is slated for December 2.
Research head of a leading global financial firm explained that in 2013 there was a sharp spike in food prices between July and October, which had led to a high inflation.
However, with prices remaining largely stable in the current fiscal and crude prices softening, the inflationary pressure has come down.
He said that while “it is a welcome correction; it is a little early to call a victory over inflation. If we do not see a similar sharp reduction in inflation in December-January, the inflation may go back to over 7 per cent. Therefore I think the RBI may wait before embarking on a rate cut path”.
Saugata Bhattacharya, chief economist, Axis Bank, also said that though the extent of price pressure has come down, decline in the retail inflation is partly due to base effect and partly due to decline in crude oil prices.
“The moderation in CPI is likely to continue before settling down around 6 per cent by March 2015. While the IIP will continue to grow consistently in the next two quarters… the growth and inflation mix will provide some headroom to the central bank for a rate cut,” Bhattacharya added.

India  US resolve impasse over food security  clears way for WTO dealPrint
India and the United States have resolved their differences on public stockholding of food. (Reuters)
By: ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: November 13, 2014 11:23 am | Updated: November 14, 2014 8:33 am
Moving to end the deadlock at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) over the signing of a landmark Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), India and the US on Thursday announced they had “successfully resolved” their differences on the issue of public stockholding for food security purposes.
India had clubbed the adoption of the TFA — a global pact aimed at simplification of Customs procedures to minimise delays in clearance of goods at ports — with a “permanent solution” that safeguards its food security programmes.
Nirmala Sitharaman.
The WTO’s Ministerial Conference at Bali last December had provided for only a four-year “peace  clause” during which no member country would be legally barred from implementing food security programmes even if the farm subsidies resulting from it breached the caps imposed by the original Agreement on Agriculture (AoA).
India had, however, rejected the temporary peace clause and insisted on its right to provide unlimited subsidies until a “permanent solution” to the issue was found. This stance attracted strong criticism, especially from industrialised countries.
But now, in a seeming climbdown, the US has agreed to a mechanism under which members will not challenge food security programmes under the WTO’s dispute settlement procedures. Such a mechanism “will remain in place until a permanent solution regarding this issue has been agreed and adopted”, the bilateral agreement entered between the two countries ahead of a  G20 leaders’ summit later this week has said.
The proposal agreed upon will now have to be taken up by the General Council, the WTO’s highest decision-making body, next month.
“We are extremely happy that India and the US have successfully resolved their differences… in a manner that addresses our concerns.
This will end the impasse at the WTO and also open the way for implementation of the TFA. We are confident that the (member countries) will take the matter forward in the WTO in a constructive spirit,” Commerce and Industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman told reporters here.
The WTO’s AoA currently limits the value of farm subsidies by members at 10 per cent of the total value of their crop production. The subsidies, in turn, are computed in relation to global “reference prices”. A farmer producing say, wheat, is deemed as receiving a subsidy if the procurement price paid to him is above the world price. But since the latter has been fixed at 1986-87 levels — when global wheat prices were $ 130-$ 140 a tonne — India has been demanding a revision in the subsidy calculation methodology to reflect current prices, which are in the $ 225-$ 230/tonne range.
Sitharaman attributed the latest bilateral breakthrough continued…

Say Thanks to your Facebook friends with this video cardPrint
The social networking website has today launched Say Thanks
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 13, 2014 11:15 am | Updated: November 14, 2014 1:11 pm
Remember Facebook’s Lookback that captured your journey on Facebook over the years? The social networking website has today launched Say Thanks that will create a personalised video card for your friends on Facebook. All you have to do is to choose the friend you want to thank personally.
Say Thanks
You can create a Say Thanks video for as many FB friends as you want, be it a family member, close friend or a co-worker.
Here’s how it works:
To create a Say Thanks video, you have to select a friend from the drop-down menu and voila, a video will be created and ready to share.
You could also select from four different themes and choose the photos and posts that represent your friendship.
Facebook will generate a preview of the video, and if you are satisfied click “Share” and the video will be posted directly to your Timeline. Your friend will be tagged in the post, so it will show up on their Timeline as well.
Say Thanks is available globally on both desktop and mobile. You can access Say Thanks at http://www.facebook.com/thanks .

ED slaps Rs.660-cr notice on Videocon group for forex violationsforeign exchange market
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has issued a Rs.660-crore show-cause notice to consumer electronics major Videocon group on charges of violation of foreign exchange laws.
The notice, under the provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA), has been issued by the Mumbai office of the agency after its probe found that the group has ‘contravened’ the law as it failed to comply with the Reserve Bank of India norms by not declaring funds generated by some wholly-owned subsidiaries the group had raised overseas few years ago, according to ED sources.
“The group has been charged under Section 6 (3) of FEMA which talks about transfer or issue of any foreign security by a person resident in India. The show-cause notice has said that the violation done by the group is worth Rs.660 crore,” they said.
When contacted, Videocon group Chairman Venugopal Dhoot told PTI that they had “not yet received any notice in this regard so far.”
He, however, said the matter could be related to “non-submission of quarterly returns, and there would be no monetary penalty to the company. Also, FEMA violation is not a criminal offence.”
Sources said the group raised loans worth $100 million abroad and subsequently invested these funds into the Indian arm of the company, allegedly in violation of the RBI and FEMA guidelines.
The agency has been probing the case since 2011-12, and it has now asked the group to reply to the notice within a month following which the charges will be adjudicated.
Mumbai-based diversified Videocon group has interests in consumer durables, DTH services, oil and gas and real estate.

Pak militants behead man in full public viewBy: Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:37 pm
Taliban militants have publicly beheaded a man for allegedly spying for the security forces in Pakistan’s northwestern tribal region.
The execution was carried out Friday in Mehraban Kalay area of Tirah valley in Khyber district.
The militants killed the tribesman in a market and ordered local people not to remove the body till evening, the Dawn reported today.
Mehraban Kalay and adjacent areas are under control of the outlawed Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan, but Lashkar-i-Islam also has some influence.
The two groups joined hands after Lashkar’s chief Mangal Bagh invited all outlawed militant groups to come to Bara and fight against security forces.
The security forces have launched the Khyber-1 military operation against militants in the area on October 16. The operation has forced thousands of people to flee their homes.
In Bara, security forces and local political administration extended the deadline to today for Sipah and Malikdin Khel tribes to vacate their homes.
The deadline was extended after tribal elders sought more time to shift families to safe places.
The Fata Disaster Management Authority has said that 53,819 families comprising 364,960 people have so far moved out of Bara and Tirah valley.
There are 213,195 children and 77,319 women among them.
Each family had been provided with one meal, free transportation and emergency health care.
Children under the age of five have been vaccinated against polio. Also on Friday, 39 militants belonging to LI surrendered to security forces in Khyber.

No signals heard from comet lander on SaturdayNo signals heard from comet lander on Saturday
By AP | 15 Nov, 2014, 05.20PM IST
The European Space Agency received no signals from the Philae lander on Saturday morning during a scheduled effort to establish communication, the mission chief said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BERLIN: The European Space Agency received no signals from the Philae lander on Saturday morning during a scheduled effort to establish communication, the mission chief said.
Paolo Ferri , ESA's head of mission operations, said that the Rosetta orbiter did not get any signals from the lander on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko.
ESA on Friday ordered a rotating operation to pull the lander out of a shadow so that solar panels could recharge the depleted batteries.
Even if that operation was successful, it may take days or weeks until the batteries of Philae are strong enough to send signals again.
"We don't know if the charge will ever be high enough to operate the lander again," Ferri said ahead of the 1000GMT (5 a.m. EST) listening time.
"It is highly unlikely that we will establish any kind of communication any time soon, but nevertheless the orbiter will continue to listen for possible signals."
On Wednesday, Philae landed next to a cliff that largely blocked sunlight from reaching its solar panels.
The historic landing climaxed a 10-year journey aboard the Rosetta space probe. Since alighting on the comet, some 311 million miles (500 million kilometers) distant from Earth, the lander has performed a series of tests and sent back reams of data, including photos.
On Friday, the spacecraft was given commands to rotate itself to catch more sunlight and to drill a hole into the comet. ESA announced _ prematurely, it turned out, that the hole had been drilled 25 centimeters (10 inches) into the comet's surface
"We know that all the movements of the operation were performed and all the data was sent down," Ferri said Saturday. "However, at this point we do not even know if it really succeeded and if it (the drill) even touched the ground during the drilling operation."
Material beneath the surface of the comet has remained almost unchanged for 4.5 billion years, so the samples would be a cosmic time capsule that scientists are eager to study.
Scientists hope the $1.6 billion (1.3 billion-euro) project will help answer questions about the origins of the universe and life on Earth.
One of the things they are most excited about is the possibility that the mission might help confirm that comets brought the building blocks of life - organic matter and water to Earth. They already know that comets contain amino acids, a key component of cells. Finding the right kind of amino acids and water would be an important hint that life on Earth did come from space.
Scientists say they already have gathered huge amounts of data and are calling the first-ever comet landing a roaring success.
"Let's stop looking at things that we could have done if everything had worked properly,'' flight director Andrea Accomazzo said on Friday. "Let us look at things that we have done, what we have achieved and what we have on the ground. This is unique and will be unique forever."

Putin plans to leave G20 early after West blasts Russia over UkrainePutin plans to leave G20 early after West blasts Russia over Ukraine
Reuters
Brisbane, Australia, November 15, 2014
First Published: 17:03 IST(15/11/2014)
print
Russian President Vladimir Putin plans to leave the G20 summit early, a member of his delegation said, after Western leaders blasted Moscow on Saturday for the crisis in Ukraine and threatened more sanctions.
The Russian official told Reuters that Putin planned to skip a working session on Sunday at the two-day summit in Brisbane and bring forward his departure because he needed to attend meetings in Moscow.
Russia denied it was involved in a recent escalation of military activity in Ukraine, where fighting has claimed more than 4,000 lives, but faced strong rebukes from Western leaders, including US President Barack Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper.
"I guess I'll shake your hand but I have only one thing to say to you: you need to get out of Ukraine," Harper told Putin at the summit, according to his spokesman Jason MacDonald.
Putin's response to the comment wasn't positive, MacDonald said in an email, without elaborating.
Obama said Russian aggression against Ukraine was a threat to the world, while the European Council demanded Moscow withdraw troops and weapons from the neighbouring nation and put pressure on rebels there to accept a ceasefire.
Speaking on the sidelines of the summit, Obama placed security and climate change at the centre stage of the leaders meeting, overshadowing talks on how to lift flagging global economic growth.
Obama said the United States was at the forefront of "opposing Russia's aggression against Ukraine, which is a threat to the world, as we saw in the appalling shoot-down of MH17".
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the European Union was considering further financial sanctions against Russian individuals because of the crisis in Ukraine.
"The present situation is not satisfying," Merkel told reporters at the summit. "At present the listing of further persons is on the agenda."
Europe's foreign ministers will meet on Monday to assess the situation in Ukraine and whether further steps including additional sanctions were needed against Russia, said European Council President Herman Van Rompuy.
Putin's isolation at the G20 summit was also evident with his placing on the outer edge for the formal leaders photograph.
While Obama and Chinese Premier Xi Jinping were met by Australia's governor general and attorney general when they arrived in Brisbane, Putin was met by the assistant defence minister.
Despite being under intense pressure, Putin was all smiles, shaking hands with host Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott, who had threatened to "shirt front", or physically confront, him over the downing of Malaysian airliner MH17 over Ukraine, in which 28 Australians died.
Only topic discussed
A Kremlin spokesperson said the Ukraine crisis was the only topic discussed at a one-on-one meeting between Putin and British Prime Minister David Cameron, but he added both expressed interest in "ending confrontation" and rebuilding relations.
Putin also met French President Francois Hollande, and both agreed to protect their ties from the effects of sanctions, the spokesman said.
Outside the summit, Ukrainian Australians staged an anti-Putin protest, wearing headbands reading "Putin, Killer".
Draped with the flags of the nations that lost citizens when the flight MH17 was shot down, the demonstrators lay on a large Ukrainian flag, in what they said was a protest at the "murderous acts" Russia's president was responsible for.
G20 host Australia had hoped that the two-day summit would focus on global economic growth, not security or the environment.
Obama also said the United States would renew commitment to its strategic pivot to the Asia-Pacific in comments seen as a veiled warning to China.
Obama insisted that Asia's security order must not be based on "coercion or intimidation ... where big nations bully the small, but on alliances for mutual security".
He did not explicitly point the finger at China, but there was little doubt that he was alluding to Beijing's maritime disputes and growing concern about its military build-up.
Despite Australia's reluctance to allow climate change on the summit agenda after it abolished a tax on carbon emissions, Obama spent a large part of his speech urging action on the environment. He pledged a $3 billion US contribution to an international fund to help poor countries cope with the effects of climate change.
But Australia stuck to its economic script. A plan to increase global economic growth by an additional 2 percentage points over the next five years was on track, Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey said.
"This ambition translates into about $2 trillion in additional global economic activity and millions of new jobs," he said.

Chess live: Carlsen vs Anand World Championship game 6print
In the sixth game of the World Chess Championship Viswanathan Anand playing with black pieces lost to Magnus Carlsen.
Move 26, which will go down in the history books, as one of the most shocking set of moves played in a top level game, saw Carlsen blunder and Vishy blunder back which changed the course of the game.
Game board
Analysis
Initially, game 6 saw a flurry of moves from both players. There were no surprises in the opening. Anand went for the famous Sicilian defence again which he chose last time when played black, thus encouraging active play.
The game was fast-paced with both the players taking less than fifteen minutes for the first 12 moves. Carlsen went for a queen trade-off in the ninth move.
Susan Polgar, famous chess commentator, tweeted, "Qxd8 Kxd8 Queens already off the board. Basically white has very little initiatives in this line. Slow squeeze coming."
After 12 moves, white had two bishops intact but also had two pawns lined up in the 'c' file and Black's positon was cramped and also caslting was no more an option.
 
The 'G7' pawn
When Carlsen started marching his 'H' pawn into opposition camp to start squeezing Anand for space, he responded with 'H6'. Which was not appreciated by many chess experts.
The commentators immediately shot-off, "Not a very good move by Vishy. His 'G' pawn may come under threat later."
Polgar tweeted, "H6 - I am not a fan of this move. g7 pawn can be a target for Magnus later. Black is still ok but Magnus has room to squeeze". She continued, "to defend g7, Anand will swing the other Rook to g8, and not the h Rook as white has Bd3 - Bh7."
As expected, Magnus started attacking the 'G7' pawn.
Chess Grandmaster Teymur Rajabov tweeted, "Terrible choice by Anand today. Just worse, being worse on Saturday all day long is unpleasant,bad week-end choice."
Chess commentator Nigel Short was not happy with Anand's choices today, "Actually I don't like the Black position at all. I guess Black needs Nf8 and g5 as a defence, but there are tactical problems there too."
World No 2 Fabiano Caruana tweeted, "Passive and unpleasant position for Anand - something went very wrong. Now we can settle down for a long grind."
To sum it up, it was a very bad position for Anand. Against a player like Magnus who is looking for even a smallest lee-way to pounce, this was a setback.
Slowly Anand started to make amendments with some quiet moves like putting his bishop in a better square, and pushing his queen side pawns up the board to create some sort of pressure in case Carlsen fails to make any inroads. 
A blunder and a counter-blunder
Probably 'move 26' will go down in chess history as one of the most shocking moments witnessed in a top level game. In what can be described as a 'monumental blunder' Carlsen moved king to d2.
If Anand had waited and weighed his options even for a minute he would have went with 26... Nxe5 27. Rxg8 Nxc4+ 28. Kd3 Nb2+ 29. Ke2 Rxg8 30. Rxh6. This line of play would have dramatically changed the game.
Instead of capturing Magnus' 'E5' pawn, Anand replied with 'A4' in less than 12 seconds without much thinking. It proved to be a 'monumental counter-blunder'.
Here is the video of the moment
As it can be seen clearly, Magnus realised his mistake when he started noting down his move. He stops writing for some time when his blunder soaked in! Even though Vishy took some time to think, he went ahead with blundered back, followed by Magnus putting his head down in total disbelief at his luck.
The entire chess world erupted at once. Most of them were at a loss of words to describe what they had just witnessed. Chess Grand Master Nakamura thought it was a 'transmission error'.
Polgar tweeted, "Still stunned about what happened! It is not so often in this level for 2 top players to blunder back to back. This was the gift of the match for Anand and he did not see it. What a bad time for Anand to play instantly after Kd2!"
Nigel Short gave a criket analogy to describe the blunder, "Magnus got away with a huge error. Almost as bad as dropping Rohit Sharma when he was on 4 runs"
Russian Chess Grand Master Kramink who was commentating was asked how would one recover from such an oversight, he replied, "My experience is that you don't recover."
That is what exactly happened to Anand. After the blunder he never recovered and it will also have a scarring effect in the games to follow. Anand's mistake will haunt him for a very long time.
There was noting much left to play for. White started gobbling up Anand's pawns, and Anand never had a chance to recover back.
Post-match presser
When Magnus was asked about the blunder he said, "Immediately after I made my move, I realised. I'm extremely lucky."
Magnus added, "Anand didn't expect it to happen. So I escaped. I'm massively relived."
When Anand was asked the same, "When you are not expecting a gift, sometimes you won't take it. I realised after playing too. It was a terrible game."
Here is the video of the press conference
Previous games
Add this to your flipboard Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Dont's miss any stories, follow our World Chess Championship magazine View my Flipboard Magazine.

Bangalore Police raid online shopping firm over cheating claimsPrint
Bangalore | Posted: November 15, 2014 8:36 pm
Based on inputs provided via Twitter about a fake online shopping site cheating people by offering huge discounts on goods, the Central Crime Branch police in Bangalore on Saturday raided the office of Bigsop, an online shopping site located near the Agara lake in South-East Bangalore.
Six persons who joined hands to run the fake online shopping portal have been arrested, the Deputy Commissioner of Police (crime) Abhishek Goyal said. Police said the six created an attractive website http://www.bigsop.com to lure cutomers and used an ICICI Payment Gateway receive online payments from the customers. They flashed advertisements on the portal offering iPhones for just for Rs 599 and hundreds of Internet users coughed up payments but did not receive their phones.
When confronted by their users the accused claimed that they could not give out the iPhones for Rs 599 and instead suggested that the customers take home some product costing Rs 599. Some of the persons who fell for the offers on the website tweeted about the lapses to alert the police. The police formed a team and conducted a raid on the Bigsop office. The police found that the company was running a proper BPO operation to process the purchases and queries of gullible customers. The police have classified the case as a type of online phishing scam. A case has been registetered in the HSR Layout police station.

Gujarat announces new IT/ITeS policy  targets 15-fold turnover jump by 2020Print
By: Express News Service | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 15, 2014 8:16 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:18 pm
With an aim to help “create an IT/ITeS ecosystem” in Gujarat and to attract new IT firms, the state government on Saturday announced a new Information Technology Policy (2014-19). This policy has a target of achieving an ambitious 15-fold increase in the state’s annual IT/ITES turnover, by 2020.
The IT policy aims to increase the turnover of the state to 75,000 crore or USD 15 billion and create employment opportunities for 10 lakh persons by 2020, stated state finance minister Saurabh Patel in a release here.
“At present there are about 1400 plus IT/ITES companies in Gujarat with a total annual turnover of USD 1 billion or Rs 6000 crore. With this policy we expect 500 new IT units to be set up in the state every year,” said a state government official.
Under this new policy, the state government will “duly facilitate allotment of land for IT/ITES units investing in the state.” Special provisions have been made for mega IT/ITES projects that have an investment size of Rs 50 crore (excluding the cost of land) and can provide employment to 1000 (for IT companies) and 1500 (ITES firms) persons. For those interested in developing IT/ITES technology parks the state government will give a 50 percent exemption in the fixed capital investment (cap of Rs 2.5 crore) in buildings and infrastructure facilities.
Among a slew of sops announced today, the state government will also provide all new IT/ITES companies with 100 percent relief in electricity duty for a period of five years from the date of commencement of operations. These units will also be given 100 percent exemption in stamp duty and registration fee for the sale/lease/transfer of land which will be limited to the first transcation.
About 30 percent subsidy — with a ceiling of five lakh per annum for two years — will be given. Moreover, 25 percent subsidy will also be given for new IT/ITES units who wish to set up their firms in IT parks.
Apart from this, 100 percent reimbursement will be given to the units on EPF deposited for women employees and 75 percent reimbursement in case of male employees (ceiling of Rs 5 lakh per annum).
Some of the provisions for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) units in Gujarat has been incorporated in this IT policy. This includes interest subsidy for five years, seven percent subsidy on a sum of up to Rs 25 lakh annually and a five percent subsidy for up to Rs 35 lakh for IT/ITES MSMES.
Encouragement will also be given to help the firms acquire new technology, get patents, quality certification, R&D and development of markets.
The state government also plans to establish a “start-up village or incubation centre” at one of more places in the state. “By declaring a separate IT/ITES, E-governance (declared today) and a electronic policy (declared a couple of days back), we are trying to create an entire ecosystem for the sector in the state,” said S J Haider, secretary, Department of Science and Technology in the state.
The new IT policy comes continued…

Tom Boon fetches highest price in HHIL 2015 close bidThe closed bid included 149 players, which includes 95 domestic and 54 foreign players. (Source: Hockey India)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 8:10 pm
Belgium forward Tom Boon on Saturday fetched the highest price in the closed bid for 2015 season of the Hero Hockey India League after he was bought by newcomers Dabang Mumbai for a whoppig USD 103,000.
Dabang Mumbai is being run by DoIT Sports Management who is the new owner of the franchise, earlier called ‘Mumbai Magicians’, owned by Dabur Group which pulled out of the third edition of HIL.
After the first two disappointing seasons, the Mumbai franchise was looking towards a fresh start in the HHIL and
have put together a completely new, formidable side and also have roped in new coaching ste-up.
Unlike other six teams, Dabang Mumbai have exhausted their entire USD 7,50,000 purse and have managed to put
together a competitive outfit which includes the likes of Boon, Australian Mathew Swann (the second highest purchased player at USD 78,000), Glenn Turner, David Harte, Floris Evers, Indian veterans Arjun Halappa and Bharat Chikara among others.
In the closed bid there were 149 players, which includes 95 domestic and 54 foreign players, up for sale and Boon turned out to be the most sought-after player with a price tag of at USD 103000, which is the highest for any player in the HILL since its start.
Australian midfielder Swann, also picked by Dabang Mumbai, is the second highest at USD 78000, closely followed
by Indian national team goalkeeper PR Sreejesh, who has been bought by Uttar Pradesh Wizards, for USD 69000.
Another new franchise Ranchi Rays going for Australian Striker, Trent Mitton for USD 67000.
Another new franchise, Ranchi Rays, who replaced inaugural HHIL champions Ranchi Rhinos, have retained most of the players who played in the earlier two editions of the league.
The Ranchi team, owned by India cricket captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni, have made just six changes from previous Ranchi Rhinos squad and have roped in Australian duo of Trent Mitton (USD 67000) — fourth highest bid player and Daniel Beale.
Reigning champions Delhi Waveriders have picked up just three players — Andrew Hayward of New Zealand and Indian duo of Gurpreet Singh and Diwakar Ram, while last year’s runners-up Jaypee Punjab Warriors have made just one purchase in young Indian midfielder Simranjeet Singh from Saturday’s closed bid.
Uttar Pradesh Wizards have picked up four players the most prominent among them is India’s national team goalkeeper and vice-captain P R Sreejesh.
Kalinga Lancers, who returned with wooden-spoon in last HHIL, meanwhile, have picked up four new players from the closed bid. The Lancers also have a new coach in Jude Felix, who replaced Australian Terry Walsh.
While Ranchi Rays named Harendra Singh as their chief coach, Dabang Mumbai have roped in German Valentin Altenburg at their head coach and Indian Olympian Anil Aldrin as the assitant coach.
Kalinga Lancers have handpicked 23-member squad for HHIL 2015, while other five teams have 24 players in the squad.
“It is a fresh start for us and we will try to play enthusiastic and offensive hockey. We will try to celebrate hockey while playing,” newly-appointed Dabang Mumbai coach Valentin said.
Interestingly, Uttar Pradesh Wizards have picked continued…

NDA government framing new education policy  to come out by 2015: Smriti IraniPrint
HRD Minister Smriti Irani performing the 'Ganga Puja' in Varanasi on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Varanasi | Posted: November 15, 2014 7:55 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:11 pm
The NDA government is framing a new education policy to remove existing loopholes and give maximum and easy access to better education to all sections of the society, Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani today said here.
The new policy, she said, is expected to come out next year.
“We want to remove the maximum loopholes from the existing education policies, and will come up with a newly framed one for giving maximum and easy access to education to common people.
“The new education policy of the NDA government is expected to come out next year, for which the suggestions would be sought from grass root level,” she said. The Minister said past education policies were framed by very few people called as experts, consisting mostly of educationists, academicians and bureaucrats.
“Such policies were least associated with common man living in far off villages, and mattered less to rural people.
In the new education policy, our aim is to specifically target those students who are living in villages and could not continue their education due to lack of exposure and unavailability of resources. They should get maximum benefit,” Irani said.
The HRD minister was here to inaugurate a national seminar at Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth on Saturday.
Stressing that providing better future to youngsters was her government’s top priority, she said, after so many years a government was formed at the Centre with absolute majority, as young, mostly in the age group of 30, voted for lotus.
Irani said girl students should be encouraged to take up technical education, where their number was less, despite the fact that their performance in board exams was better than that of boys.
Some Banaras Hindu University student held protest demanding restoration of students union in BHU.
They held protest against the HRD minister here outside the venue and carried postcards, questioning why government was patronizings RSS in BHU and Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth.
They also carried postcards, questioning why government was patronising RSS in BHU and Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth.

Chhattisgarh deaths: Rahul accuses govt of cover-upCrossing the line: Mamata Banerjee takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language usage in political discourse.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Ask Matt: Is Wal-Mart a  buyAP
Q: Is Wal-Mart a “buy?”
A: Wal-Mart (WMT) is making progress getting its shop in order. But it’s too soon to consider the stock a “buy.”
After languishing for years, Wal-Mart stock is starting to lure buyers. Shares of Wal-Mart are up more than 5% this year – a relative strong performer among retailers – as profit and revenue trends are headed the right way again. The company reported a third-quarter profit of $1.15 a share, beating expectations by nearly 3%. Investors were also pleased to see third quarter revenue rise 3% to $118.1 billion. Helping investors, too, is the fact the company is amid a share buyback program, which should lower the number of shares outstanding by 3% a year for fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2016, says Joseph Agnese, analyst at S&P Capital IQ. Long-term, analysts think smaller store formats could be successful.
But analysts still don’t see Wal-Mart as being all that appealing just yet. Adjusted earnings are expected to fall in the fiscal year ended January 2015 by 2% to an adjusted $5 a share.  Analysts are also fearful that this holiday season might bring brutal price wars as Wal-Mart takes on online rivals head-on.  As a result, analysts rate the stock a “hold,” says S&P Capital IQ. The 18-month average price target is $80.87, which is 2.5% below Friday’s closing price of $82.95.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

With Apple Pay  will spending with a smartphone increaseWith Apple Pay will spending with a smartphone increase?
By New York Times | 15 Nov, 2014, 05.43PM IST
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Mike Isaac and Brian X Chen
For years, tech companies have dreamed of a future in which people ditch their wallets and pay for things with their smartphones. And for years, that has not happened.
But Apple may be on to something.
In the three weeks since the company released Apple Pay, its first stab at a mobile wallet, some major retailers are seeing a wave of consumers eager to check out at the register with their iPhones.
And even some of Apple's competitors, like Google and Softcard, say Apple has helped create general awareness of mobile payments, including for their services.
Whole Foods, the high-end grocery chain, said it had processed more than 150,000 Apple Pay transactions. McDonald's, which accepts Apple Pay at its 14,000 restaurants in the United States, said Apple Pay accounted for 50 percent of its tap-to-pay transactions. And Walgreens, the nationwide chain of drugstores, said its mobile wallet payments had doubled since Apple Pay came out.
Apple Pay is still far from a dominant payment system. But the retailers' numbers are the first faint signs of a mainstream willingness to stray from cash and cards. Apple, analysts say, has tapped into something.
"Quite frankly, a lot of it has to do with the strength of the Apple brand and how much merchants and customers love how easy the experience is," said Denee Carrington, an analyst with Forrester Research. "I'm not saying it's changing the landscape overnight. But this has never happened with other mobile wallets."
Not all retailers are blown away just yet by early adoption of Apple Pay. Toys R Us, which supports Apple Pay in its 870 stores, said that although the number of mobile payments at its stores increased after the introduction of Apple Pay, there were still relatively few mobile payments because customers were learning about the technology.
But Softcard, Google and other companies that also offer mobile wallet products, say Apple's entrance may be good for all players that offer mobile payments.

Kolkata cops lathicharge reporters  stop Kunal Ghosh from speakingReporters waiting for Kunal Ghosh lathicharged
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Kolkata, November 15, 2014
First Published: 16:03 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 21:27 IST(15/11/2014)
Comments
Policemen desperate to prevent Rajya Sabha MP Kunal Ghosh from speaking to the media went to the extent of making a lathicharge on a crowd of waiting mediamen inside SSKM Hospital premises apart from pushing, pulling and shoving the ailing MP who had a Ryles Tube dangling from his nose.
A few persons who were standing in the hospital premises also received a few blows.
The lathicharge happened around 1:15 pm when Ghosh was being brought back to SSKM Hospital after an EEG test from adjacent Bangur Institute of Neurology (BIN).
The desperation of the policemen increased after Ghosh’s statement began to be aired on TV channels. “Ask them to first arrest those who are 'guilty',” Ghosh managed to comment on the way to BIN for the test.
The police first waited for about 30 minutes while Ghosh waited inside the ambulance.
Ghosh was spotted knocking the door of the ambulance, trying to step out. Dressed in a green hospital robe, with a ryles tube attached to his nose, and sweating, he pleaded to be escorted out of the ambulance. The windows of the vehicles were closed so that the MP could not speak to journalists.
Kunal Ghosh suicide bid: Police and media clash outside hospital, Ghosh led away
Finally, when Ghosh was escorted out of the ambulance towards the main block, his face was covered by a police cap to prevent him from saying anything to the reporters standing next to the ambulance.
Amidst a dense crowd, police were seen pulling him down from the ambulance and pushed inside the hospital building.

Pope Francis denounces euthanasia as sin against God"Beware, because this is a sin against the creator, against God the creator," Pope Francis said. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Vatican | Posted: November 15, 2014 8:55 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:58 pm
Pope Francis denounced the right to die movement Saturday, saying it’s a “false sense of compassion” to consider euthanasia as an act of dignity when in fact it’s a sin against God and creation.
Francis made the comments to the Association of Italian Catholic Doctors.
Earlier this month, the Vatican’s top bioethics official condemned as “reprehensible” the assisted suicide of an American woman, Brittany Maynard, who was suffering terminal brain cancer and said she wanted to die with dignity.
Francis didn’t refer to the Maynard case specifically.
While denouncing euthanasia in general, he also condemned abortion, in vitro fertilization (or “the scientific production of a child”) and embryonic stem cell research (or “using human beings as laboratory experiments to presumably save others.”)
“This is playing with life,” he said. “Beware, because this is a sin against the creator, against God the creator.”
While shying away from hot-button, culture war issues such as abortion, Francis has spoken out frequently about euthanasia. He considers the assisted suicide movement as a symptom of today’s “throw-away culture” that views the sick and elderly as useless drains on society.
Francis urged doctors to take “courageous and against-the-grain” decisions to uphold church teaching on the dignity of life, even if it requires resorting to conscientious objection.
Beware, because this is a sin against the creator, against God the creator.

Kavinder Gupta named as candidate for Gandhi NagarPrint
By: Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: November 15, 2014 8:46 pm
Laying to rest all speculations about its candidate for Gandhi Nagar assembly constituency, the Bharatiya Janata Party on Saturday cleared the name of its former Mayor of Jammu, Kavinder Gupta, as its candidate in the area.
His name figured in the fourth list containing the names of 16 candidates for various assembly constituencies in the state. An old BJP leader having association with RSS also, he had been elected a Mayor of Jammu thrice during the municipal elections held from time to time.
Apart from Kavinder Gupta, it also cleared the names of Dr Devinder Manyal for Samba and Thakur Puran Singh in Darhal. While the former had resigned as Block Medical Officer, Purmandal, to join BJP few months ago, Puran Singh had left Congress and joined BJP a few days earlier. The latter was elected to the Legislative Assembly as an independent in 2002 and subsequently inducted as minister in Mufti Sayeed ministry, but he lost the electoral battle  when he contested as Congress nominee from the area in 2008.

Channel says photos show MH17 shot down by jetRussian TV channel says photos show MH17 shot down by fighter jet
Reuters Nov 15, 2014, 06.26PM IST
Tags:
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17
(Russian state-controlled…)
MOSCOW: Russian state-controlled TV has broadcast what it called "sensational" photographs, which it said supported Moscow's theory that Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was shot down by a Ukrainian fighter jet .
Several commentators who have examined the photographs have described them as forgeries, however.
The photographs, said to be taken by a Western satellite, appear to show a fighter jet firing a missile at a passenger plane over eastern Ukraine where the Malaysian airliner was shot down on July 17, killing all 298 people on board.
Moscow has long said it believed the aircraft was destroyed by a Ukrainian military jet, while Western officials say evidence suggests the plane was hit by a Russian-made surface-to-air missile fired by pro-Russian separatist rebels.
The photographs were aired on a Friday evening news show "Odnako", which said they had been sent to a Russian expert by a man called George Bilt, who had presented himself as a graduate from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).
"We have at our disposal sensational photographs presumably made by a foreign spy satellite in the last seconds of the Malaysian Boeing's flight over Ukraine," Channel One presenter Dmitry Borisov said.
"The pictures support that version which has hardly been heard in the West."
Since being aired by Channel One, the photographs have met with widespread scepticism.
Andrei Menshenin, a commentator for independent Russian radio station Ekho Moskvy, called the TV report a "pseudo-sensation", and said the angle of attack indicated by the photographs did not correspond to the location of the damage.
Bellingcat, a British investigative journalism website, described the photographs as "a crude fabrication", highlighting what it said were several inconsistencies, which included signs that the photos had been partly compiled from historical Google Earth imagery dating from 2012.
During the course of the Ukraine crisis Russian state television has frequently aired reports, sometimes including apparently sensational evidence, that back the Kremlin's version of events.
In July, an opinion poll by the Levada Centre polling agency said only three percent of Russians believed the Malaysian airliner was hit by rebels, with 82 percent saying it was shot down by the Ukrainian armed forces.
The publication of the photos came on the eve of a G20 summit in Brisbane, where President Vladimir Putin faces strong criticism from Western leaders for Russia's actions in Ukraine.
FEATURED ARTICLES

World Chess Championship: Anand loses game 6  despite Carlsen s  monumental blunderprint
In the sixth game of the World Chess Championship Viswanathan Anand playing with black pieces lost to Magnus Carlsen.
Move 26, which will go down in the history books, as one of the most shocking set of moves played in a top level game, saw Carlsen blunder and Vishy blunder back which changed the course of the game.
Game board
Analysis
Initially, game 6 saw a flurry of moves from both players. There were no surprises in the opening. Anand went for the famous Sicilian defence again which he chose last time when played black, thus encouraging active play.
The game was fast-paced with both the players taking less than fifteen minutes for the first 12 moves. Carlsen went for a queen trade-off in the ninth move.
Susan Polgar, famous chess commentator, tweeted, "Qxd8 Kxd8 Queens already off the board. Basically white has very little initiatives in this line. Slow squeeze coming."
After 12 moves, white had two bishops intact but also had two pawns lined up in the 'c' file and Black's positon was cramped and also caslting was no more an option.
 
The 'G7' pawn
When Carlsen started marching his 'H' pawn into opposition camp to start squeezing Anand for space, he responded with 'H6'. Which was not appreciated by many chess experts.
The commentators immediately shot-off, "Not a very good move by Vishy. His 'G' pawn may come under threat later."
Polgar tweeted, "H6 - I am not a fan of this move. g7 pawn can be a target for Magnus later. Black is still ok but Magnus has room to squeeze". She continued, "to defend g7, Anand will swing the other Rook to g8, and not the h Rook as white has Bd3 - Bh7."
As expected, Magnus started attacking the 'G7' pawn.
Chess Grandmaster Teymur Rajabov tweeted, "Terrible choice by Anand today. Just worse, being worse on Saturday all day long is unpleasant,bad week-end choice."
Chess commentator Nigel Short was not happy with Anand's choices today, "Actually I don't like the Black position at all. I guess Black needs Nf8 and g5 as a defence, but there are tactical problems there too."
World No 2 Fabiano Caruana tweeted, "Passive and unpleasant position for Anand - something went very wrong. Now we can settle down for a long grind."
To sum it up, it was a very bad position for Anand. Against a player like Magnus who is looking for even a smallest lee-way to pounce, this was a setback.
Slowly Anand started to make amendments with some quiet moves like putting his bishop in a better square, and pushing his queen side pawns up the board to create some sort of pressure in case Carlsen fails to make any inroads. 
A blunder and a counter-blunder
Probably 'move 26' will go down in chess history as one of the most shocking moments witnessed in a top level game. In what can be described as a 'monumental blunder' Carlsen moved king to d2.
If Anand had waited and weighed his options even for a minute he would have went with 26... Nxe5 27. Rxg8 Nxc4+ 28. Kd3 Nb2+ 29. Ke2 Rxg8 30. Rxh6. This line of play would have dramatically changed the game.
Instead of capturing Magnus' 'E5' pawn, Anand replied with 'A4' in less than 12 seconds without much thinking. It proved to be a 'monumental counter-blunder'.
Here is the video of the moment
As it can be seen clearly, Magnus realised his mistake when he started noting down his move. He stops writing for some time when his blunder soaked in! Even though Vishy took some time to think, he went ahead with blundered back, followed by Magnus putting his head down in total disbelief at his luck.
The entire chess world erupted at once. Most of them were at a loss of words to describe what they had just witnessed. Chess Grand Master Nakamura thought it was a 'transmission error'.
Polgar tweeted, "Still stunned about what happened! It is not so often in this level for 2 top players to blunder back to back. This was the gift of the match for Anand and he did not see it. What a bad time for Anand to play instantly after Kd2!"
Nigel Short gave a criket analogy to describe the blunder, "Magnus got away with a huge error. Almost as bad as dropping Rohit Sharma when he was on 4 runs"
Russian Chess Grand Master Kramink who was commentating was asked how would one recover from such an oversight, he replied, "My experience is that you don't recover."
That is what exactly happened to Anand. After the blunder he never recovered and it will also have a scarring effect in the games to follow. Anand's mistake will haunt him for a very long time.
There was noting much left to play for. White started gobbling up Anand's pawns, and Anand never had a chance to recover back.
Post-match presser
When Magnus was asked about the blunder he said, "Immediately after I made my move, I realised. I'm extremely lucky."
Magnus added, "Anand didn't expect it to happen. So I escaped. I'm massively relived."
When Anand was asked the same, "When you are not expecting a gift, sometimes you won't take it. I realised after playing too. It was a terrible game."
Here is the video of the press conference
Previous games
Add this to your flipboard Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Dont's miss any stories, follow our World Chess Championship magazine View my Flipboard Magazine.

Yellen Meets With Activists Seeking Fed ReformsAt least three people died Friday in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Gold posts biggest single-day gain in 2014  soars to Rs 26 850Gold futures price falls on global cues
Clocking the biggest single-day gain this year, gold prices today soared by Rs 715 to Rs 26,850 per ten grams in the national capital on pick up in wedding season demand coupled with strong global cues.
In addition, depreciating rupee against the dollar, which makes imports of precious metal costlier, also influenced the sentiment. The rupee closed at nearly one-month low of 61.72 against the greenback yesterday.
Silver also recorded a massive gain of Rs 2,100 to Rs 36,700 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiment bolstered after gold surged by over USD 40 to a two-week high of USD 1,193.34 an ounce in New York yesterday, the highest since October 31. Weakening of the dollar also raised demand of gold as safe-haven and an alternative investment, bullion traders said.
Globally, silver also surged 4.4 per cent to USD 16.31 an ounce, the highest gain since February 14.
Besides, rising domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the ongoing wedding season too influenced precious metal prices, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 715 each to Rs 26,850 and Rs 26,650 per ten grams respectively. It had lost Rs 315 in the past two days.
Sovereign moved up by Rs 200 to Rs 23,800 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 2,100 to Rs 36,700 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 2,031 to Rs 36,030 per kg. Silver coins flared up by Rs 3,000 to Rs 60,000 for buying and Rs 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
TAGS: Gold Gold Rate
More from commodities

Hong Kong activists denied permit to go to B...You are here: Home > Collections
Hong Kong activists denied permit to go to Beijing
AP Nov 15, 2014, 06.12PM IST
Tags:
Beijing
(Police officers cut the…)
HONG KONG: Three Hong Kong students who have led protests for greater democracy in the former British colony were denied in their attempt on Saturday to go to Beijing to meet with top Chinese officials.
Alex Chow, Nathan Law and Eason Chung - members of a student group that played a main role in organizing massive street protests that started nearly two months ago - arrived at the Hong Kong airport greeted by dozens of well-wishers. But they were denied boarding passes for a Cathay Pacific flight when they were told their documents that would allow them to travel to Beijing were invalid.
"The Cathay Pacific has confirmed ... that the (students) got their return-home cards cancelled by the mainland authority, so they cannot get the required certificates to get onto the plane," said Yvonne Leung, general secretary of Hong Kong Federation of Students .
The student group left the airport, and a news conference was scheduled for later in the evening.
Chow and his colleagues had planned to fly to Beijing and head straight to China's legislature to seek talks with Premier Li Keqiang and others.
"We would say the point of going to Beijing is really to voice the opinion of Hong Kong people," Chow said at the airport, before he was turned away.
The protesters oppose Beijing's decision that a panel screen candidates for the territory's inaugural 2017 election for its chief officer. Since late September, the students and their supporters have been occupying streets in three business and shopping districts in Hong Kong to express their objection to the Beijing decision, but the Chinese authorities have declared the gatherings illegal and showed no sign of backing down.
Talks between the students and the Beijing-backed Hong Kong government have been futile, and the students said they hoped to take their concerns directly to Beijing.
An editorial appearing in the Saturday edition of the party-run newspaper Global Times said the students were not to meet with Chinese leaders and said their travel plans were merely a show for sympathy.
"These activists may be too naive," the editorial reads. "Do they really know who they are and whom they can represent? How can they meet whomever they want in Beijing?"
Beijing has in the past confiscated or refused to renew travel permits, commonly known as return-home cards, for a number of Hong Kong activists, banning them from entering mainland China . Pro-democracy lawmakers are also routinely denied entry to mainland.
Chow and his two deputies arrived at the Hong Kong International Airport amid a large crowd of supporters, prompting security officers to set up barriers to control the crowd so as not to disrupt the flow of travelers through the facility.
The crowd sang songs and chanted slogans, and about 80 of them held up yellow umbrellas, which have become a symbol for the pro-democracy movement.
When the flight took off, the seats booked by the student leaders were draped with a sign that read: "SEAT INOP, DO NOT OCCUPY."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold posts biggest 1-day gain this yr  surge...bullion
(Gold prices today soared…)
NEW DELHI: Clocking the biggest single-day gain this year, gold prices today soared by Rs 715 to Rs 26,850 per ten grams in the national capital on pick up in wedding season demand coupled with strong global cues.
In addition, depreciating rupee against the dollar, which makes imports of precious metal costlier, also influenced the sentiment. The rupee closed at nearly one-month low of 61.72 against the greenback yesterday.
Silver also recorded a massive gain of Rs 2,100 to Rs 36,700 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Sentiment bolstered after gold surged by over $40 to a two-week high of $1,193.34 an ounce in New York yesterday, the highest since October 31. Weakening of the dollar also raised demand of gold as safe-haven and an alternative investment, bullion traders said.
Globally, silver also surged 4.4 per cent to $16.31 an ounce, the highest gain since February 14.
Besides, rising domestic demand from jewellers and retailers for the ongoing wedding season too influenced precious metal prices, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed up by Rs 715 each to Rs 26,850 and Rs 26,650 per ten grams respectively. It had lost Rs 315 in the past two days.
Sovereign moved up by Rs 200 to Rs 23,800 per piece of eight gram.
Following gold, silver ready spurted by Rs 2,100 to Rs 36,700 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 2,031 to Rs 36,030 per kg.
Silver coins flared up by Rs 3,000 to Rs 60,000 for buying and Rs 61,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
FEATURED ARTICLES

People have elected Pacheco: Goa CMgovernment
Goa Chief Minister Laxmikant Parsekar on Saturday defended the induction of “tainted” Mickky Pacheco of Goa Vikas Party in the BJP-led government saying “people have elected him knowing all the incidents associated with him and cases against him.”
“When people have elected him knowing everything, it is my responsibility to make best use of legislators which people had elected. Moreover, none of these cases against him have happened in the present term,” said Mr. Parsekar when asked after swearing-in ceremony at the Raj Bhavan on Saturday as to how a person with tainted background could be inducted in his Cabinet.
Earlier, when asked about it in the context of Supreme Court guidelines, Defence Minister and former Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar, said it is true that the Supreme Court has barred a person who is convicted for more than two years, from being inducted.
“As far as our party is concerned, we have ensured this legal parameter is not violated. If you ask me about moral side of the issue, well, I can speak of morality as far as our party is concerned, I cannot preach it or dictate it to alliance partners,” remarked Mr. Parrikar in a clear indication of political compulsions that led BJP to induct Mr. Pachecho to ensure stability of its local government behind Mr. Parrikar.
On his part, Mr. Pacheco tried to down-play the issue claiming that these were mere allegations.
When asked about a conviction in a case of assault on a government official, Mr. Pacheco said it has been stayed by the Supreme Court. Several criminal cases with charges ranging from forgery, cheating, extortion, assault, abetting a suicide and bigamy had been filed on him.

Vijay Hazare Trophy: Bengal deny Bengal win  Odhisa makeknockoutsGoswami smashed 133 off 135 balls with the help of 14 fours and three sixes. (Express File)
By: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 15, 2014 9:46 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 10:01 pm
Already assured of a place in the knock-out stage, Bengal rode on opener Shreevats Goswami’s fluent 133 to beat Assam by 18 runs in a high-scoring East Zone match of the Vijay Hazare Trophy.
Opting to bat, Bengal were off to flyer as Goswami smashed 133 off 135 balls with the help of 14 fours and three sixes. Manoj Tiwary made a steady 57 off 71 balls to help Bengal amass 312 for the loss of six wickets.
Apart from Goswami and Tiwary, Sudip Chatterjee (35) and skipper Laxmi Ratan Shukla (36) were the other notable
contributors for Bengal.
Off-spinner Swarupam Purkayastha scalped two wickets for 58 for Assam.
In reply, skipper Dheeraj Jadhav and Parvez Aziz put on 118 runs for the opening stand to keep Assam in the hunt.
Jadhav made 115 off 137 balls which was studded with 10 boundaries, while Aziz’s 52 came off 61 deliveries during
which he struck five fours and one hit over the fence.
But once the partnership broke, it became more and more difficult for Assam to overwhelm the stiff target and the
visitors finally ended at 294 for eight.
Brief Scores: Bengal: 312 for six wickets in 50 overs (Sreevats Goswami 133, Manoj Tiwary 57; Swarupam Purkayastha 2/58) Assam: 294 for eight in 50 overs (Dheeraj Jadhav 115, Parvez Aziz 52; Sayan Mondal 4/59).
Odhisa progress to knockouts
Owing to their better net-run-rate, Odisha progressed to the knockouts of the Vijay Hazare Trophy one-day championship despite faltering in their last league match against Jharkhand, going down by 45 runs.
In the East Zone leg of Vijay Hazare trophy, Bengal with 16 points from four matches finished at the top of the table.
But there was a three-way tie between Odisha, Assam and Jharkhand, all of whom ended on eight points each.
Earlier, Assam had beaten Jharkhand, while Odisha had beaten Assam. And today Jharkhand defeated Odisha. However, Odisha, with a better run-rate compared to the other two, joined Bengal as the second team from East Zone to qualify.
Put in to bat, Jharkhand scored 280 for five in their allotted 50 overs and then managed to bundle out Odisha for
235 in 46.5 overs.
Brief scores: Jharkhand: 280 for five in 50 overs (Kumar Deobrat 73, Virat Singh 67; Paresh Patel 3/52). Odisha: 235 all out in 46.5 overs (Biplab Samantray 61, Abhilash Mallick 50; Rahul Shukla 4/48, Jaskaran Singh 3/53).

MCX approaches SEBI for retaining stake in MCX-SX  MCX-SXCCLIn the representation made by MCX to the market watchdog SEBI, it has said that the company and FTIL no longer act in concert. (Reuters)
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 9:12 pm
Country’s largest commodity exchange MCX has requested SEBI to allow the company to retain its stake in MCX-SX and MCX-SX CCL.
In the wake of the payment crisis at FTIL-founded firm National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL), MCX was asked by SEBI to sell its stake in NSEL as it was part of the same group at that time. The Jignesh Shah-led Financial Technologies (India) Ltd is no more promoter is in MCX and therefore the commodity exchange sought SEBI’s permission to retain its stake.
In the representation made by MCX to the market watchdog SEBI, it has said that the company and FTIL no longer act in concert.
“The company vide its letter dated October 31, has once again represented to SEBI that FTIL and the company has no longer act in concert, especially in view of the recent developments and therefore the company should not be required to divest its holding in MCX-SX and MCX-SX CCL,” MCX said in a filing.
Whereas FTIL, the original promoters of MCX has already exited from the exchange in August this year by selling its residual 5 per cent stake.
As on September 30, MCX has investments in 2.71 crore equity shares and 63.41 crore warrants of MCX Stock Exchange (MCX-SX) and investments in 65 lakh equity shares of MCX-SX Clearing Corporation Ltd (MCX-SX CCL).
In the wake of the payment crisis at group firm National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL), Sebi in March had ruled that Jignesh Shah-led Financial Technologies (India) Ltd was not ‘fit and proper’ to own stakes in any stock exchange or clearing corporation.
An earlier request in this regard by MCX was rejected.

DLF plans to launch REITs nextfiscalPrint
By: PTI | Posted: November 15, 2014 9:04 pm
India’s largest realty company DLF today said it plans to launch the Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) next fiscal to monetise its commercial assets and is in talks with global players for partnership.
In an analyst presentation, DLF said it is targeting to “create one or more sizeable REIT platform next year – one for office and the other for retail– to recycle capital for further growth and spin off the RentCo (its rental business arm) attributable debt”.
The company has strong a portfolio of office and retail properties from which it at present earns about Rs 2,100 crore annually as rental income.
DLF seeks to create long-term free cash flows in the form of dividend flows as holders of REIT units and fees from the management of the trust.
Later in the conference call with analysts, DLF said that it did not want to “speculate” whether its REITs plan would be affected by the market regulator SEBI order barring company and six others for accessing the capital markets for 3 years.
DLF, however, said that REITs would be launched at a subsidiary level.
“We are in a dialogue with number of global players for strategic and financial partnership for REITs,” DLF Executive Director (Finance) Saurabh Chawla told analysts.
Stating that the REIT platforms is likely to launched in early part of 2015-16 fiscal, he said REITs could be a “game changer” as the business trust would the company in unlocking value of commercial assets, besides aiding spin-off of debt and creating long-term free cash flows in dividend form.
When asked whether the SEBI order would be applicable on REITs, DLF Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Ashok Tyagi said: “We would not like to speculate on that”.
Chawla said REITs would anyway “happen in the subsidiary”, but he expected clarity from Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) on SEBI order by the time company come up with REITs.
The objective of launching REIT would be to maximise the assets’ present value and capture the immense potential of growth that a growing Indian economy has to offer, DLF said.
In September, market regulator Sebi had notified norms for listing of business trust structures, REITs and InvITs ( Infrastructure Investment Trust), that would help attract more funds in a transparent manner into realty and infrastructure sectors. These trusts would get tax incentives.
As growth cycle in office and retail segments of RentCo business improves, DLF said, it is reviewing all options so that the company not only maintains its leadership position but also harnesses the growth that the market shall offer.
“To achieve the above, the company is exploring partnership with other global players, both strategic and financial partners, who may have an interest in participating with DLF in this foray. This could include encashing company’s part investment in RentCo business,” the presentation said.
Tyagi clarified that another proceeding by Sebi against the company is not a new case but is related to the same case where the regulator had passed the order barring DLF from accessing the capital market.
“This is not a new case. It is the same continued…

Nokia to re-enter handsetmarketNokia will look to licensing the brand name to other firms rather than starting up a new handset business itself.
By: Reuters | London | Posted: November 15, 2014 9:02 pm
Don’t call it a comeback yet. But Nokia is thinking about how to revive its brand name in consumer markets just months after selling off its former flagship mobile phones business to Microsoft for more than $7 billion.
“I think you can expect our brand will return to the consumer world,” Nokia’s chief executive Rajeev Suri said on Friday when asked about rumours that the networks equipment maker was looking to re-enter the handset market.
Suri told investors at a presentation in London that his company will look to licensing the brand name to other firms rather than starting up a new handset business itself.
“We see brand licensing as an opportunity … But I would say it is more of a long-term opportunity,” Suri said of potential deals where other makers of consumer electronics might pay Nokia to use its brand on their products.
Another company executive on Friday pointed to Porsche Design as an example of the sort of brand-licensing deals Nokia might consider.
No deal is imminent but the Nokia brand could eventually appear on a range of electronics, not necessarily phones. “This is not a sentimentality thing,” Suri said.
Microsoft this week dropped the Nokia name on its latest Lumia 535 smartphone, having acquired the Nokia business back in April.
Nokia was once synonymous with mobile phones but the brand’s ranking sank to 98th this year among the world’s best known corporate names, down from fifth in 2007, according to a survey by market researcher Interbrand.
The slide came after first Apple Inc and then Samsung Electronics entered the smartphone market to successfully challenge the Finnish company’s decade of market leadership.

Hong Kong activists denied permit to go toBeijingHong Kong Federation of Students leader speak to supporters before attempting to travel to Beijing, at Hong Kong International Airport on Saturday. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Hong Kong | Posted: November 15, 2014 9:00 pm
Three Hong Kong students who have led protests for greater democracy in the former British colony were denied in their attempt on Saturday to go to Beijing to meet with top Chinese officials.
Alex Chow, Nathan Law and Eason Chung members of a student group that played a main role in organizing massive street protests that started nearly two months ago arrived at the Hong Kong airport greeted by dozens of well-wishers. But they were denied boarding passes for a Cathay Pacific flight when they were told their documents that would allow them to travel to Beijing were invalid.
“The Cathay Pacific has confirmed… that the (students) got their return-home cards cancelled by the mainland authority, so they cannot get the required certificates to get onto the plane,” said Yvonne Leung, general secretary of Hong Kong Federation of Students.
In a news conference hours later, the student leaders said annulling their travel documents is an unreasonable move that deprives them of their rights to enter the country’s territory.
“It symbolizes that Hong Kong people’s right to determine their destiny will be taken away in the future,” Chow said.
Carrie Lam, chief secretary for the Hong Kong administration, said that it was unnecessary for the students to petition Beijing and that the central leadership of the ruling Communist Party “is fully aware of the different appeals.”
Pro-democracy lawmakers in Hong Kong are routinely denied entry to the mainland, and Beijing in the past has confiscated or refused to renew the travel permits commonly known as return-home cards for a number of Hong Kong activists.
Chow and his deputies had planned to go to China’s legislature upon arrival to seek talks with Premier Li Keqiang and others.
The protesters oppose Beijing’s decision that a panel will screen candidates for the inaugural 2017 election for Hong Kong’s top official. Since late September, the protesters have occupied streets in three business and shopping districts in Hong Kong to express their objection to the Beijing decision and to demand genuine universal suffrage, but the Chinese authorities have declared the gatherings illegal and showed no sign of backing down.
An editorial in the Saturday edition of the party-run Global Times said the students would not get their meeting and their travel plans were merely a show for sympathy.
“These activists may be too naive,” the editorial reads. “Do they really know who they are and whom they can represent? How can they meet whomever they want in Beijing?”
Chow, Law and continued…

Indian Hotels Q2 net loss narrows to Rs 97.69crPrint
By: PTI | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 8:57 pm
Tata group hospitality major Indian Hotels Company today reported a narrowing of its consolidated net loss to Rs 97.69 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The company had posted a net loss of Rs 433.48 crore for the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal, Indian Hotels Company said in a filing to BSE.
Consolidated total income from operations grew to Rs 937 crore for the quarter under consideration as against Rs 895.92 crore for the same period a year ago.
“In view of the seasonality of the sector the financial results for the quarter ended and half year ended September 30, 2014 are not indicative of the full year’s expected performance,” Indian Hotels said.
In September quarter of FY’14, Indian Hotels Company had provided for an exceptional charge of Rs 368.27 crore, saying that this was after a review of its the then current carrying value of its investment in Orient Express Hotels Ltd and had considered it prudent to recognise further diminution in the value by Rs 365 crore, among others.
The Indian Hotels Company Ltd and its subsidiaries are collectively known as Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces. The hospitality chain comprises 108 hotels in 63 locations across India with an additional 17 international hotels in the Maldives, Malaysia, Australia, UK, USA, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, Africa and the Middle East.
Shares of Indian Hotels Company Ltd (IHCL) today closed at Rs 106.55 per scrip on BSE, up 0.71 per cent from it’s previous close.
 

Pope Francis denounces euthanasia as sin againstGod"Beware, because this is a sin against the creator, against God the creator," Pope Francis said. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Vatican | Posted: November 15, 2014 8:55 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:58 pm
Pope Francis denounced the right to die movement Saturday, saying it’s a “false sense of compassion” to consider euthanasia as an act of dignity when in fact it’s a sin against God and creation.
Francis made the comments to the Association of Italian Catholic Doctors.
Earlier this month, the Vatican’s top bioethics official condemned as “reprehensible” the assisted suicide of an American woman, Brittany Maynard, who was suffering terminal brain cancer and said she wanted to die with dignity.
Francis didn’t refer to the Maynard case specifically.
While denouncing euthanasia in general, he also condemned abortion, in vitro fertilization (or “the scientific production of a child”) and embryonic stem cell research (or “using human beings as laboratory experiments to presumably save others.”)
“This is playing with life,” he said. “Beware, because this is a sin against the creator, against God the creator.”
While shying away from hot-button, culture war issues such as abortion, Francis has spoken out frequently about euthanasia. He considers the assisted suicide movement as a symptom of today’s “throw-away culture” that views the sick and elderly as useless drains on society.
Francis urged doctors to take “courageous and against-the-grain” decisions to uphold church teaching on the dignity of life, even if it requires resorting to conscientious objection.
Beware, because this is a sin against the creator, against God the creator.

http://bit.ly/1zXANJWTweet
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE: BRK-A) has released its public equity holdings as of September 30, 2014. Warren Buffett’s portfolio has recently undergone some radical changes on the surface, some of which are good and some of which look mixed. Also, some of the substantial change has taken place since the end of the last reporting period and we have made an effort to capture those changes.
Warren Buffett and his team of portfolio managers listed some $107.785 billion in the formal filing, but the full list would be higher considering other private and/or international stakes. The most recent earnings report for September 30 had indicated that equity securities held were $116.432 billion, and that did not include the $11.83 billion Heinz investment.
We also knew ahead of time and going into this report that approximately 58% of the total value of the Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE: BRK-B) equity holdings was still concentrated in just four stocks – Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) at $25.1 billion; International Business Machines Corporation (NYSE: IBM) at $13.4 billion; and The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE: KO) at $17.1 billion; and American Express Company (NYSE: AXP) at $13.3 billion.
That was the same percentage in June, but the concentration was just 56% in the March holdings.
One issue to consider as well is that some of the investments in key companies are no longer held in public stocks. Berkshire Hathaway invested $3 billion in 2009 into preferred shares of Dow Chemical Co. (NYSE: DOW), and it invested $5 billion for Preferred shares and warrants in Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC) in 2011.
A newer stake in 2014 was Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ), but that remained static. Express Scripts Holding Co. (NASDAQ: ESRX) was a new stake in the portfolio, while Deere & Co. (NYSE: DE) was eliminated from the portfolio.
The full list of Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway stock holdings as of September 30, 2014, is as follows:

Reform process bound to face resistance: PM ModiPrint
PM Modi with President of China Xi Jinping, U.S. President Obama, UK Prime Minister David Cameron and other leaders posing for the family photo during the G 20 Summit in Brisbane (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Brisbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 11:02 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 8:25 am
As he seeks to accelerate his economic reform drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi Saturday said reform process is bound to face resistance and wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms , Mold told fellow G20 leaders at a Retreat here that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
A barbeque lunch was served to the G20 leaders.
“Reform is bound to face resistance…must be insulated from political pressures,” said Modi.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by “stealth”.
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Modi felt that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that governance methods must be reformed.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the prime minister said it must be technology driven and must have scale and address root causes..
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters yesterday that Prime Minister Abbott had specially requested Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.

Obama announces $3 billion contribution to Green Climate FundUpdated: November 15, 2014 09:26 IST
Obama announces $3 billion contribution to Green Climate Fund
Reuters
U.S. President Barack Obama speaks at the University of Queensland in Brisbane on Saturday.
TOPICS
climate change (politics)
U.S. President Barack Obama on Saturday formally announced a $3-billion U.S. contribution to an international fund to help poor countries cope with the effects of climate change.
“Today, I’m announcing that the United States will take another important step. We will contribute $3 billion to the Green Climate Fund to help developing nations deal with climate change,” he said in a speech at Queensland University in Brisbane, where he is attending the G20 meeting.
The contribution doubles what other countries had previously pledged ahead of a November 20, 2014 deadline.

Narendra Modi makes strong pitch for operationalisation of $100 bn BRICS bankICICI Bank to sell its Russian subsidiary
Making a strong pitch for speeding up the creation of a BRICS development bank, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said India hopes to ratify the agreement over the financial institution by year-end and 2016 should be set as the target for its inauguration.
“The historic 6th BRICS Summit in Fortaleza delivered the New Development Bank and the Contingent Reserve Arrangement. These signal our collective capacities to create and manage global institutions,” Modi said at an informal meeting of leaders of the five-nation BRICS bloc here.
“We propose that we should set the target of 2016 for inauguration of this Bank. We hope to ratify the agreement by the end of the year. We would soon nominate our candidate for the post of the Presidency,” Modi said, making a strong pitch for the early operationalisation of the bank.
India will hold the Presidency of the $100 billion New Development Bank for the first six years.
The bank will be based in Shanghai, China’s financial hub.
India’s presidency will be followed by Brazil and Russia who will have five years term each under an agreement reached after intense negotiations among the five country-grouping BRICS — Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa.
The decision to set up the bank and a USD 100 billion Currency Reserve Arrangement (CRA) that will help countries to deal with short-term liquidity pressures, was made at the 6th BRICS Summit held in the Brazilian city of Fortaleza in July.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Chinese President Xi Jinping and South African President President Jacob Zuma attended the informal meeting along with Prime Minister Modi on the sidelines of the G20 summit here.
Modi said that the bank and the CRA can be effective in promoting sustainable development and bridge infrastructure gaps.
“These measures send a strong message to the rest of the world about the efficacy of BRICS,” he said in his speech delivered in English.
“We can be more aligned to local conditions and requirements. We should focus on next generation infrastructure. We can promote new models of governance and financing, while maintaining the highest banking standards,” Modi said.
“We should also make it more participatory. We need to work towards their early implementation,” he said.
Talking about the CRA, the Prime Minister said it is a “very timely” initiative. He said the work on the re-insurance pool among BRICS is also a welcome one.
“We hope that our officials will be able to come up with a concrete proposal by the next year,” Modi said.
TAGS: BRICS G20 Summit Narendra Modi
More from bankingampfinance

India is experiencing a goldilocks financial cycle: Anindya BanerjeeICICI Bank to sell its Russian subsidiary
Over the last one week, Indian rupee had been mostly quiet against the US dollar. Except for the late exuberance on last Friday, where it tested 61.80 levels against the Greenback, not much activity happened in that pit. Large speculators are happy to write options and collect the premium. On the offshore, traders are quite eager to play the carry, evident from the wide discount on USD/INR forwards their compared to their respective onshore contracts. As a case in point, the 12 month forwards on offshore is quoting a hefty discount of 110/15 paise compared to its 12-month onshore counterpart. An easy but yes risky way to play the interest rate differential between US and India as well the appreciation of Rupee is to sell into a spike on the forward months and wait out till expiry. It becomes a home run as long as USD/INR spot prices do not rise more than the forward premium at which one sold. As far as levels as concerned, alleged bids and offers from central bank closer to 61.00 and 62.00 and also offers from custodial banks and exporters is what keeping the pair locked in a tight range.
Interestingly the recent foreign exchange activity report from the RBI showed that the central bank remains an active two way player in the USD/INR pair. It appears that RBI could still be apprehensive about the durability of stability in the Rupee. As a result, they have continued to employ an active interventionist approach towards foreign exchange markets. As a result, Rupee has gone into a slumber against the US Dollar and which in turn continues to encourage global speculators to go long on Rupee on an unhedged basis to play the Euro and Yen carry trade. At the same time, an environment of suppressed volatility can also breed complacency amongst the commercials who have foreign currency liabilities or payments. Though RBI has tried use verbal persuasion to get them to hedge their commitments but if history is any guide then it might prove difficult. It is human nature to ignore risk, when things appears calmer and greater the serenity, the higher the complacency. In fact there is talk that RBI might increase the provisioning ratios for banks who have clients with unhedged foreign currency liabilities.
In this tsunami of global liquidity, it is hard to find a financial asset market or financial asset class which has not taken part in the carnival orchestrated by the central banks. India being a dominant theme, is able to attract sizable portion of that liquidity. The liquidity deluge can continue till the time a major reality check happens. Infact, currently the rise in the US Dollar against many currencies could be one of the reason why Rupee is not trying too hard to appreciate against the Greenback. Though, Rupee has appreciated quite a bit against non-Dollar currencies. Next year, if the US Fed gets cold feet about the sharp appreciation in the US Dollar and decides to talk it down and or US economic data disappoints, then we can expect immense pressure on Rupee to appreciate even against the Greenback. We would then expect the central bank to step in and protect the Greenback, but it shall come at a considerable cost.
India is experiencing a goldilocks financial cycle with a firm US Dollar coexisting with shift of carry flows towards theme based markets like ours. A similar cycle had played out during 1996-2000, when a firmer US Dollar and weaker Asian and EM growth made speculators shun hard assets like commodities & real estate and alternative currencies like Gold. Currently, China alongwith host of other Asian and EM economies are weak and can not shoulder another commodity reflation cycle. At the same time, a stronger US Dollars is making speculators shun Gold, inspite of the monetary devaluation from the central banks in the G8. Inflation is manifesting through financial assets in India and world over.
Financial assets like equity and debt are benefitting disproportionately from this boom. Inflation as a concept is often misrepresented. Inflation means increase is supply of money. Higher money supply can be in terms of freshly printed money from central banks, through balance sheet expansion or it can be through multiplier of money via credit creation. As more money is made available, prices of goods and services to financial assets and hard assets are bid higher. However, the effect of inflation, i.e. higher prices, is not uniform. Depending on the situation in the economy and financial markets, it can have greater impact on one part of the economy over the other. Currently, effect of monetary devaluation is a financial asset boom and not a hard asset boom.
Economic data was mixed from India. India’s industrial production growth improved in September to 2.5% from 0.5% and 0.4% over the previous two months. However on an absolute basis, growth remains dismal. For a developing country like India, growing year on year at 2.5% is not impressive. IIP growth has to move above 5/6% and sustain before we can say that the industrial sector has managed to attain escape velocity. Mining grew at 0.7%, manufacturing at 2.5% and electricity at 3.9% y/y in September. Capital goods grew at 11.6%, but it has been very volatile in the past due to the nature of the order booking and execution of the industry. At the same time, consumer goods contracted by 4% due to an 11.3% contraction in consumer durables. A continued sharp drop in the consumer durables is an indication of a weak consumption demand. Consumer non-durables grew at a snail pace of 1.5%.
The Consumer-Price Index (CPI)-based inflation fell to an all-time low of 5.52 per cent in October against 6.46 per cent in the previous month. Consumer food price inflation, which has a 42.71 per cent weigh in CPI, eased to 5.59 per cent from 7.67 per cent in September and 12.93 per cent in October last year. CPI can remain subdued over the next few months, as low commodity prices and high base effect benefit.
Globally economic data was mixed, with UK reporting a solid set of employment statistics. Average weekly earnings, excluding bonuses, rose by 1.3% in the three months to September, after a 0.9% increase in the three months to August. It was the first time since the onset of the 2008 financial crisis that average weekly earnings, excluding bonuses, outstripped inflation. The number of people claiming unemployment benefits fell by 20,400 in October and the U.K. unemployment rate was unchanged at 6.0% in the three months to September. However, GBP/INR ignored the strong jobs report as the Bank of England reported earlier inflation will likely remain below its 2% target in the near term and fall below 1% at some point during the next six months. The bank said it now expects inflation to take three years to return to its 2% target. In Euro zone, Germany and France, region’s two largest economies, have narrowly avoided recession – Germany registering 0.1% growth and France recording 0.3%, mainly due to government spending.
Chinese economic growth decelerated further, evident from the October IIP, which grew at second weakest pace since 2009. Fixed-asset investment, an important driver of growth, grew 15.9 percent in October, the National Bureau of Statistics said on Thursday. That was the weakest pace since December 2001. At the same time, China posted weak lending figures In September, it injected 500 billion yuan ($US81.5 billion) into the commercial banking system and in October a further 269.5 billion yuan using medium-term lending facilities, a new tool aimed at meeting temporary liquidity needs. It also routed credit to the agriculture sector and smaller companies. for October despite a massive capital injection and other efforts by its central bank to spur growth.
Over this week, traders will keep a close eye on US Fed minutes as a hawkish central bank can send the US Dollar even higher, and especially against the Rupee, towards 61.90/62.00 levels. At the same time, flash PMI surveys from Euro zone and China for the month of November will be watched. US economy will also be reporting regional manufacturing surveys. However, Rupee would continue to trade within a range of 61.00 and 62.00/62.20 for some time to come. Option traders have built sizable open interest in the 61.00 and 62.00 and 62.50 call option for 1/3 months. Rupee, will remain strong against Pound and Yen but ranged against Euro.
By Anindya Banerjee, analyst, Kotak Securities
TAGS: Indian Rupee US Dollar
More from bankingampfinance

Maharashtra govt to approach SC on Maratha reservationsChief Minister Devendra Fadnavis
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 6:37 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 4:38 am
The state government on Saturday took the decision to appeal in Supreme Court next week against the Bombay High Court’s decision against reservation to Maratha community in education and public services. The government will also appeal against HC order not to consider reservation to Muslims in public services.
Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said, “ The government has set up a sub-committee to look into all aspects related to the legal hurdles that come in the way retaining the reservation for Marathas.”
Fadnavis has convened a meeting of cabinet ministers and leaders of all political parties to discuss the Maratha reservation. A senior cabinet minister told Indian Express, “ We will challenge the high court order in supreme court on the grounds that Maratha reservation bill is pending before the state legislature assembly. So, can the high court give an order against the issue which is pending before the legislature.”
Sources cited that advocate general Darius Khambata who was called for the meeting pointed that, “ For any state government to exceed the reservation beyond 50% required quantifiable data and exceptional circumstances.” Maharashtra already has 51 per cent reservation for scheduled caste, scheduled tribes and OBCs.
Sources revealed, “ The flaws in Narayan Rane committee on Maratha reservation which was the basis for the reservation were also highlighted during the meeting.” The chief minister who summed up the meeting asserted, “ There should be no ambiguity about government’s commitment to the reservation for Maratha community. And that we would certainly stand by the Rane committee report. What ever lacunas that come to our notice would be corrected to ensure it withstands legal and constitutional trial.” Fadnavis made it clear, “ There was no question of abandoning Rane committee report.” However, legal experts observed, “ There were some gaps. More material and scientific study to substantiate Rane committee report would be required.”
All the political leaders representing Congress, Shiv Sena and Shiv Sangram, Republican Party of India supported Maratha reservation. The NCP skipped the meeting.
Shiv Sena leader Diwakar Raote said, “ The Congress-NCP government had delayed the Maratha reservation citing they wanted to make it full proof so that it does not get challenged in court. However, it shows Rane committee report was not full proof. It also exposes the Congress-NCP’s hollow promises and that it was pushed for vote bank.” Sena leader said, “ Now, we should not rush the act. Instead, government should bring all necessary amendments to make it flawless.”
Shiv Sangram leader Vinayak Mete said, “ The government should pursue the matter in apex court and we would support them.”
The RPI chief Ramdas Athavale said, “ While it is true that Marathas are a dominant ruling and rich community, the reservation would be given to those economically amongst the community. So it is justified.”
 

Siemens healthcare unit to remain within co...You are here: Home > Collections
Siemens CEO Joe Kaeser says healthcare unit to remain within the company
Reuters Nov 15, 2014, 07.04PM IST
Tags:
Frankfurt
("The healthcare unit will…)
FRANKFURT: Siemens' CEO said its healthcare unit would remain within the company for the foreseeable future, dismissing speculation about a disposal, which emerged after Siemens announced the legal separation of the business this month.
"The healthcare unit will be operated as an independent company within the company as we aim to strengthen the health business at Siemens and to prepare it for the future," Joe Kaeser told a German daily.
Siemens had said the legal separation of its healthcare unit in countries including Germany was part of a move to give it more independence, which was widely seen as a possible precursor to a full or partial disposal.
Kaeser, who took over in a boardroom coup a year ago, is on a mission to simplify the once-sprawling conglomerate, weeding out or fixing underperforming businesses and allowing the stronger ones to shine.
Siemens announced the sale of its hearing-aid unit this month after having sold a hospital IT unit and its stake in home appliances joint venture SBH.
Asked about Siemens' Russian business, Kaeser said the group had seen a significant decline in orders since the beginning of the Ukraine crisis, which prompted Western sanctions against Moscow.
The group's forecast of flat sales globally in 2015 was deliberately cautious, the chief executive said.
"Possibly, an improvement is reachable if the crisis does not deepen or even eases," he was quoted as saying.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reform bound to face resistance  must be insulated from political pressures: PMFIPB role shrinks amid easier FDI flows
As he seeks to accelerate his economic reform drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said reform process is bound to face resistance and wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms, Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a Retreat here that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
A barbeque lunch was served to the G20 leaders.
“Reform is bound to face resistance… must be insulated from political pressures,” said Modi.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by “stealth”.
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Modi felt that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that governance methods must be reformed.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the prime minister said it must be technology driven and must have scale and address root causes..
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters yesterday that Prime Minister Abbott had specially requested Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.
TAGS: Economic Reforms G20 Summit Narendra Modi
More from economy
Stalled infrastructure projects set for a big push Sebi is considering changing rules to allow Indian banks to convert a larger portion of their loans into equity at less than...

AAP woos voters promising 8 lakh jobs  20 new collegesGolf courses empty; bureaucrats have started working: Nadir Godrej
Kickstarting its sessions to connect with the masses and woo voters ahead of Delhi assembly election, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) today launched a five-point programme for the youth, promising 8 lakh jobs, vocational training, setting up of 20 new colleges, sports facilities and having wi-fi connectivity across Delhi.
The party formally launched the Delhi Dialogue, an interactive initiative to connect with voters of different stratas of society, and spelt out its strategy for youth. The party will come up with a 50-point programme catering to different sections of the society.
Highlighting the issue of admission, faced by students especially after class XII, AAP’s National Convenor Arvind Kejriwal said the main cause of the the problem was lack of infrastructure in the education sector.
“No new college has been built since last 15-20 years, which is leading to this problem. Giving education to the these students will be government’s responsibility. We will double the number of existing seats and construct 20 new colleges for the youth.
“Many villages have also complained about lack of educational institutions. The government will build colleges in these villages to ensure that the students there get admission,” Kejriwal said at a function held at Jantar Mantar here.
He said if his party voted to power the new government will also ensure that students get loan for pursuing their education.
“The government will also be a guarantor to these students so that they don’t have to mortage their property and valuables to get education,” he said.
The AAP chief also tried to woo the youth by making Delhi a wi-fi city.
“We are working on the details to have wi-fi across Delhi,” he said.
The former Chief Minister said efforts would be made to fill over 50,000 vacancies of doctors, teachers, nurses and other professionals in the Delhi government.
“The colleges the government would build will be designed in a way that students won’t have to look for jobs. It will have incubation centres.
After passing out, the student can be given a facility to carry out his venture and we will also help to get loan through banks.
“We will create the Delhi Skill Mission, which will help generate 8 lak jobs in Delh,” he said.
Kejriwal said his government will not “snatch” the employment of youth, but work towards it. He said lack of infrastructure and wrong policies were leading to business moving out of the National Capital.
“Few years back, Delhi had some 29 industrial areas, but today it has come down to 7-8 because of lack of power, road and water. We will ensure that these industrial areas have upgraded infrastructure so that industries can again come back. We will also reduce VAT,” he said.
Kejriwal said his government will focus on skill development of youth and train them in new areas.
Emphasising the role of sports, he said the government will not only create and upgrade the sports infrastructure, but also adopt the best talents and promote them. He said the government was ready to develop sports infrastructure in far-flung villages of Delhi if they offered land.
“There are some 1800 MCD, 1200 Delhi and some 1000 private schools which have grounds, but are closed after working hours. We will open all of them.
“The government will adopt sports talent and promote them so that they can compete at the national and international level. We will also get rid of politicians and bureaucrats from all the sports bodies, which will be managed by sports experts,” he said.
Expressing concern about the growing drug menace in the country, Kejriwal said his party will ensure that the national capital does not become a second Punjab.
“The party has decided to provide mobile governance to people following which Delhiites can connect to government through their smartphones. People can also see government’s work and even discuss their problems with government on their phone due to which city can be made corruption-free,” AAP leader Ashish Khetan, who is heading the Delhi Dialogue team, said.
Khetan also said that there are several heritage sites in the national capital, but tourists, including foreign tourists, go to other countries.
“We have also plans to make Delhi a tourist hub after coming to power,” he said.
Another senior party leader Yogendra Yadav also said, “AAP has initiated new rules of politics in Delhi. We have sought suggestions of people to make blueprint of our election manifesto.I would also like to know from BJP and Congress to adopt such pattern and campared their manifestos to ours which one is good.”
Yadav also said that party will focus on different issues like women security, employment, education, health and among others. The next round of Delhi dialogue would be on November 26, the foundation day of the party.
TAGS: Aam Aadmi Party Arvind Kejriwal Delhi Election
More from industry

Vijay Hazare Trophy: Bengal deny Assam win  Odhisa make knockoutsGoswami smashed 133 off 135 balls with the help of 14 fours and three sixes. (Express File)
By: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 15, 2014 9:46 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 10:01 pm
Already assured of a place in the knock-out stage, Bengal rode on opener Shreevats Goswami’s fluent 133 to beat Assam by 18 runs in a high-scoring East Zone match of the Vijay Hazare Trophy.
Opting to bat, Bengal were off to flyer as Goswami smashed 133 off 135 balls with the help of 14 fours and three sixes. Manoj Tiwary made a steady 57 off 71 balls to help Bengal amass 312 for the loss of six wickets.
Apart from Goswami and Tiwary, Sudip Chatterjee (35) and skipper Laxmi Ratan Shukla (36) were the other notable
contributors for Bengal.
Off-spinner Swarupam Purkayastha scalped two wickets for 58 for Assam.
In reply, skipper Dheeraj Jadhav and Parvez Aziz put on 118 runs for the opening stand to keep Assam in the hunt.
Jadhav made 115 off 137 balls which was studded with 10 boundaries, while Aziz’s 52 came off 61 deliveries during
which he struck five fours and one hit over the fence.
But once the partnership broke, it became more and more difficult for Assam to overwhelm the stiff target and the
visitors finally ended at 294 for eight.
Brief Scores: Bengal: 312 for six wickets in 50 overs (Sreevats Goswami 133, Manoj Tiwary 57; Swarupam Purkayastha 2/58) Assam: 294 for eight in 50 overs (Dheeraj Jadhav 115, Parvez Aziz 52; Sayan Mondal 4/59).
Odhisa progress to knockouts
Owing to their better net-run-rate, Odisha progressed to the knockouts of the Vijay Hazare Trophy one-day championship despite faltering in their last league match against Jharkhand, going down by 45 runs.
In the East Zone leg of Vijay Hazare trophy, Bengal with 16 points from four matches finished at the top of the table.
But there was a three-way tie between Odisha, Assam and Jharkhand, all of whom ended on eight points each.
Earlier, Assam had beaten Jharkhand, while Odisha had beaten Assam. And today Jharkhand defeated Odisha. However, Odisha, with a better run-rate compared to the other two, joined Bengal as the second team from East Zone to qualify.
Put in to bat, Jharkhand scored 280 for five in their allotted 50 overs and then managed to bundle out Odisha for
235 in 46.5 overs.
Brief scores: Jharkhand: 280 for five in 50 overs (Kumar Deobrat 73, Virat Singh 67; Paresh Patel 3/52). Odisha: 235 all out in 46.5 overs (Biplab Samantray 61, Abhilash Mallick 50; Rahul Shukla 4/48, Jaskaran Singh 3/53).

Modi wows students at Queensland varsityUpdated: November 14, 2014 21:06 IST
Modi wows students at Queensland varsity
PTI
Tweet
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi interacts with students during a visit to Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane, Australia, on Friday.
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi with students during a visit to Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane, Australia on Friday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being welcomed by Queensland's Premier Campbell Newman (C) and other officials on his arrival at the International Airport in Brisbane, Australia, on Friday. Photo: PTI
TOPICS
India
He is the first Indian Prime Minister to visit Australia since Rajiv Gandhi in 1986
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday wowed students of a leading Australian university, freely mingling with them during a visit, and made it a point to tell them that it is former Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru’s birth anniversary, as he sent his best wishes to children.
Within hours after his arrival following an overnight flight from Myanmar, Modi headed for the Queensland University of Technology (QUT) for the first engagement of his five-day Australia visit, the first by an Indian Prime Minister in 28 years after Rajiv Gandhi.
“I wrote on the selfie with my young friends at QUT.. Today is 14th November. Pandit Nehru’s birthday. My good wishes to children,” Modi said in a tweet. Modi wrote in Gujarati.
The Prime Minister, wearing a lab coat over a full-sleeved white shirt and a beige coloured pant, said he is fortunate to be among children on the occasion of Nehru’s birthday.
Modi has been accused by the Congress of ignoring the country’s first Prime Minister and appropriating the legacy of freedom movement leaders like Mahatma Gandhi and Sardar Patel.
The Prime Minister, who is in Australia for the G20 summit starting tomorrow and for bilateral talks with his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott next Tuesday in Canberra, was given a guided tour of the QUT campus and interacted with a group of selected students, some of whom were Indians.
Several students could not hide their enthusiasm and turned into shutterbugs as they relentlessly took photos.
The enthusiastic response to Modi’s visit to QUT prompted a post on the University media’s twitter handle —— “Perhaps the most high-powered lecture QUT has hosted.”
Agro Robot
Modi was also shown an agriculture robot ‘AgBot’ at the University’s ‘The Cube’ complex —— the University’s Science and Engineering Centre —— developed under a joint bio-energy programme using agriculture waste.
The Agro Robot, developed as part of a programme to develop robotics technology in the agriculture sector, is a light weight machine that performs the functions of a large tractor, including weeding work.
“Research is key to development. There is ongoing relationship between development journey of humankind and research. Increasing dominance of science and technology in the field of agriculture will surely prove to be beneficial to farmers and to the field of agriculture as a whole. It is an important endeavor for welfare of mankind. Best wishes for your effort,” Modi wrote on the ‘AgBot’ in Gujarati.

Krishna Iyer selected for K.R. Narayanan awardUpdated: November 15, 2014 16:44 IST
Krishna Iyer selected for K.R. Narayanan award
PTI
A file photo of the former Supreme Court judge Krishna Iyer. Photo: Thulasi Kakkat
TOPICS
celebrity
Eminent Jurist Justice V.R. Krishna Iyer has been chosen for this year’s K.R. Narayanan award for his services to the nation.
Instituted by the K.R. Narayanan Foundation in memory of the late President, the award is to honour individuals who have excelled in various fields. It carries a statuette, citation and a ‘ponnada’, a press release said.
Foundation chairman, Uzhavoor Vijayan, and secretary, Eby J. Jose said here the former Supreme Court judge had been selected for the honour in view of his excellence in service.
The selection was made by a committee chaired by Justice K. Narayana Kurup, former acting Chief Justice of the Madras High Court.
Earlier recipients of the award include former Speaker of the Kerala Assembly, K. Radhakrishnan, former ISRO Chairman G. Madhavan Nair and Jnanpith Award winner, O.N.V. Kurup.
The award will be presented at a function to be held in connection with the K.R. Narayanan Memorial Lecture here during December first week.

BCCI calls emergency Working Committee meeting in ChennaiPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 4:41 pm
The BCCI has called an Emergent Working Committee Meeting on November 18 to discuss the scheduling of its Annual General Meeting which has been postponed by four weeks after President-in-exile N Srinivasan was named by the Supreme Court in the IPL spot-fixing scandal.
The AGM was originally scheduled for November 20 but has been postponed.
It is learnt that Srinivasan will attend the meeting as the chief of the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA) where the members of the all-powerful sub-committee of the Board will be apprised of the current situation in Chennai.
“The BCCI’s lawyers will apprise the WC members of the situation and the legal implications. Obviously, for BCCI to announce a fresh date for the AGM, one needs to call a Working Committee Meeting. The AGM is now likely to be held in the third week of December,” a BCCI official told PTI on Saturday.
Since the next hearing of the Supreme Court is on November 24, the BCCI decided to postpone its AGM — primarily because majority of the members want the Tamil Nadu strongman to be in the clear as he is vying for a second term as BCCI president.
On Friday, the Supreme Court named Srinivasan, his son-in-law Gurunath Meiyappan , Rajasthan Royals co-owner Raj Kundra, cricket administrator Sundar Raman, who were all probed by the Justice Mudgal committee. The top court said had it had found “some misdemeanour by certain persons” and indicted them in the IPL6 scam.
It also ordered that supply of relevant portions of the report to the four so that they can file their objections within four days of receipt of the report.
“Certain findings recorded by the Committee are understood to have indicted some individuals against whose conduct investigation has been conducted. The report also deals with the conduct of the players which are for the present held back,” the bench said.
The court did not give details of the indictment or the misdemeanour or the persons who committed it.

Clarke to miss remaining ODIs against South AfricaClarke re-injured his problematic left hamstring on Friday in Australia's 23-run win over the Proteas. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | Melbourne | Posted: November 15, 2014 12:10 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 5:55 pm
Australia captain Michael Clarke will miss rest of the one-day international series against South Africa with a hamstring injury, the country’s cricket board (CA) said on Saturday.
Clarke re-injured his problematic left hamstring on Friday in Australia’s 23-run win over the Proteas in the first match in Perth and had scans on Saturday.
“Michael had scans today (Saturday) in Perth for his ongoing left hamstring problem and as a result has been ruled out of the remaining matches in the… ODI Series,” CA team doctor Peter Brukner said in a statement.
“Michael will return to Sydney for further treatment and an update on his fitness for the first Test in Brisbane will be made in due course.”
Perth also hosts the second game on Sunday with George Bailey confirmed to lead the home side, a role he is set to continue to play in the five-match series.
Clarke’s injury sidelined him for the entire one-day series against Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates and almost all of a preceding one-day tournament against South Africa and hosts Zimbabwe.
The recurrence of the injury has stoked fears Australia could head into a four-Test series against India without their top batsman and master tactician, while another breakdown could be the end of his World Cup ambitions.
The first Test against India will start on Dec. 4.
Australia coach Darren Lehmann confirmed Clarke would be replaced by middle order batsman Steven Smith.
Bailey led the team after Clarke was ruled out midway through the match after being caught behind for 11.
Lehmann said Australia could win the World Cup with or without Clarke.
“It’s never easy when you’re losing one of your best players, but that’s part and parcel of sport these days,” Lehmann told reporters in Perth on Saturday.
“Players have got to be adaptable.
“We’d love him there. But you can (still) win every game you play (without him).
“With the 11 that go on the field, we have full faith in winning each and every game.”
With ever injury breakdown, Australian media have called on Clarke to step down as ODI captain to prolong his career in Tests, considered by far the most important format in Australia.
Pundits repeated the calls in newspapers on Saturday.
Lehmann said it would be Clarke’s call as to whether he continued in the role.
 Johnson likely to get breather after second ODI
Australia paceman Mitchell Johnson may be rested after the second one-day international against South Africa to keep him fresh for the Test series against India and next year’s World Cup, the left-arm speedster said on Saturday.

Mominul Haque ton puts Bangladesh on verge of victoryMominul, who was playing only his 12th Test, hit 13 fours in his 189-ball innings. (Source: File)
By: Agence-France Presse | Chittagong | Posted: November 15, 2014 7:01 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 8:40 pm
Mominul Haque scored his fourth Test century to leave Zimbabwe chasing a world record 449-run target to win the third and final Test against Bangladesh in Chittagong on Saturday.
Mominul made an unbeaten 131 as Bangladesh, seeking a 3-0 sweep after winning the first two Tests, piled up 319-5 in their second innings before declaring in the post-tea session of the fourth day’s play.
The tourists ended the day on 71-1 still needing 378 runs more with nine wickets in hand to record an improbable win.
The highest fourth innings total so far that won a Test was 418-7 by the West Indies against Australia in Antigua in
2003.
Sikandar Raza was unbeaten on 43 and Hamilton Masakadza was on 26, the pair having put on 67 for the second wicket after opener Brian Chari was leg-before to Rubel Hossain for zero.
Mominul, who was playing only his 12th Test, hit 13 fours in his 189-ball innings.
He put on 113 for the second wicket with Tamim Iqbal, who missed the chance to become the first Bangladeshi batsman to score centuries in both innings of a Test when he was bowled by Natsai M’shangwe for 65.
Tamim had made 109 runs in the first innings.
Mohammad Mahmuddulah hit 30 off 28 balls, Shakib Al Hasan made 17 and skipper Mushfiqur Rahim scored a brisk 46 off 30 balls to hasten the declaration.
The Test series between the two lowest-ranked teams will be followed by five one-day internationals.

Modi urges  people-centric  reforms  seeks black money cooperation at G20 meetAt G20, Modi talks reforms, seeks black money cooperation
Agencies  Brisbane, November 15, 2014
First Published: 14:55 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:32 IST(16/11/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi brought to the world stage his promise to bring back black money stashed abroad, pitching for global cooperation to tackle the menace at his first G20 summit on Saturday.
Heads of states and international organizations pose for the 'family photo' during the G20 Summit in Brisbane. (AFP Photo)
He told G20 leaders as well as heads of the five-nation BRICS bloc that “repatriation” of black money is his government’s priority and sent a message that economic reforms for tangible growth should be “people-centric and people-driven” and insulated from politics.
Modi underscored the security and economic challenges that slush funds pose to the international community and sought close coordination among the nations to achieve the objective of bringing back home Indian slush money kept hidden abroad.
“Repatriation of black money kept abroad is a key priority for us,” said the Prime Minister, one of the most sought-after leaders at the summit, who stood next to British premier David Cameron at the customary photo-op in a bandhgala with a pink pocket square masking the grey.
External affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said it was the first time that the “security dimensions” of black money have been brought to focus. Modi’s pitch was in line with summit host Australia’s promise for a “very aggressive” crackdown on tax avoidance, which goes with India seeking strong action by the G20 nations against tax havens.
The two-day summit is being held at a time tax avoidance by multinational companies were reportedly organising tax-lowering deals with Luxembourg and pressure from anti-corruption advocates, urging the major economies to stem the flow of slush funds across borders.
Later in the day, Modi told fellow G20 leaders at a retreat hosted by his Australian counterpart Tony Abbott that economic reforms were handicapped by the perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people. He said this needs to change.
“Reform is bound to face resistance ... (it) must be insulated from political pressure,” Modi said and pointed out that it cannot be undertaken by “stealth”.
His comments in Brisbane come days before the start of the winter session of Parliament in which key but controversial legislations on opening up the pension and insurance sectors are expected to be taken up.
Modi also called for a common strategy to tackle global terrorism at meetings with French president Francois Hollande and Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper on the sidelines of the summit.
He told both leaders that religion should be delinked from terrorism.
Host Abbott got a Modi “jhappi” (hug) that the Australian media described as the “standout shake” of the summit — distinct from the formal handshakes.
The Australian leader posted a photo of Modi sharing a lighter moment with US President Barack Obama and himself during the retreat. “The BBQ lunch with @narendramodi and @BarackObama was an opportunity for #G20 Leaders to talk in a relaxed atmosphere,” Abbott posted.

AAP kickstarts Delhi Dialouge  woos voters promising 8 lakh jobs  20 newcollegesPrint
Yesterday, both Congress and AAP had also favoured immediate polls to end the eight-month-long political uncertainty.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 9:48 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 1:59 pm
Giving the traditional party manifesto a miss this elections, the AAP launched its Delhi Dialogue campaign — a 50-point blueprint for making Delhi a world class city — at Jantar Mantar on Saturday. AAP leaders said their new campaign was to hold consultations with various sections of society, identify issues and chalk out measures to solve them.
Stating that prior to every election, each party releases a manifesto, which is soon forgotten, AAP leader Yogendra Yadav said, “The Delhi Dialogue team decided that we will not announce our ideas through a manifesto. We will hold discussions with people and announce our plans in front of them. Today’s event is the first such platform where the AAP is discussing issues that are faced by the youth. We will have several such discussions in the future.”
Addressing a gathering of over 5,000 supporters at Jantar Mantar, AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal promised the youth five things — promote higher education, create jobs, improve sports facilities, provide free WiFi across the city and make the capital drug-free.
While Kejriwal did not apologise for resigning as Delhi chief minister, he praised the measures taken by his 49-day government — power and water subsidies, reduction in corruption and audit of discoms.
“One thing was clear in those 49 days, we fulfilled our promises. Ask anyone in Delhi, they will say a few things about AAP — it is honest, it is brave and it fulfills its promises. Every issue discussed here will be addressed,” Kejriwal said.
From 20 new colleges and  increase in seats in existing colleges to scholarships and education loans for Class XII pass-outs, the AAP chief proposed a series of measures for boosting higher education.
“Students with 90 per cent marks do not get admission in colleges of their choice. This is because no new colleges have opened in Delhi in many years. If any Class XII pass-out wants to study, the government will take the responsibility to provide them education. Seats in colleges will be doubled. Twenty more colleges will be opened,” Kejriwal said.
In an effort to mobilise support in rural parts of the capital, Kejriwal said new colleges will be opened primarily in villages which are willing to provide land for the purpose. He promised that  students from the village will be given preference in these colleges. “The government will take the responsibility of paying back loans in cases where students do not find employment. We have spoken to banks and the cost incurred in a year will not exceed Rs 300-400 crore,” he said.
The event also saw the AAP parading around 10 leaders of the Bahujan Samaj Party and the Congress, announcing that they have joined the AAP ranks.

Chess World Championship: Despite Carlsen s  monumental blunder   Anand loses game 6print
In the sixth game of the World Chess Championship Viswanathan Anand playing with black pieces lost to Magnus Carlsen.
Move 26, which will go down in the history books, as one of the most shocking set of moves played in a top level game, saw Carlsen blunder and Vishy blunder back which changed the course of the game.
Game board
Analysis
Initially, game 6 saw a flurry of moves from both players. There were no surprises in the opening. Anand went for the famous Sicilian defence again which he chose last time when played black, thus encouraging active play.
The game was fast-paced with both the players taking less than fifteen minutes for the first 12 moves. Carlsen went for a queen trade-off in the ninth move.
Susan Polgar, famous chess commentator, tweeted, "Qxd8 Kxd8 Queens already off the board. Basically white has very little initiatives in this line. Slow squeeze coming."
After 12 moves, white had two bishops intact but also had two pawns lined up in the 'c' file and Black's positon was cramped and also caslting was no more an option.
 
The 'G7' pawn
When Carlsen started marching his 'H' pawn into opposition camp to start squeezing Anand for space, he responded with 'H6'. Which was not appreciated by many chess experts.
The commentators immediately shot-off, "Not a very good move by Vishy. His 'G' pawn may come under threat later."
Polgar tweeted, "H6 - I am not a fan of this move. g7 pawn can be a target for Magnus later. Black is still ok but Magnus has room to squeeze". She continued, "to defend g7, Anand will swing the other Rook to g8, and not the h Rook as white has Bd3 - Bh7."
As expected, Magnus started attacking the 'G7' pawn.
Chess Grandmaster Teymur Rajabov tweeted, "Terrible choice by Anand today. Just worse, being worse on Saturday all day long is unpleasant,bad week-end choice."
Chess commentator Nigel Short was not happy with Anand's choices today, "Actually I don't like the Black position at all. I guess Black needs Nf8 and g5 as a defence, but there are tactical problems there too."
World No 2 Fabiano Caruana tweeted, "Passive and unpleasant position for Anand - something went very wrong. Now we can settle down for a long grind."
To sum it up, it was a very bad position for Anand. Against a player like Magnus who is looking for even a smallest lee-way to pounce, this was a setback.
Slowly Anand started to make amendments with some quiet moves like putting his bishop in a better square, and pushing his queen side pawns up the board to create some sort of pressure in case Carlsen fails to make any inroads. 
A blunder and a counter-blunder
Probably 'move 26' will go down in chess history as one of the most shocking moments witnessed in a top level game. In what can be described as a 'monumental blunder' Carlsen moved king to d2.
If Anand had waited and weighed his options even for a minute he would have went with 26... Nxe5 27. Rxg8 Nxc4+ 28. Kd3 Nb2+ 29. Ke2 Rxg8 30. Rxh6. This line of play would have dramatically changed the game.
Instead of capturing Magnus' 'E5' pawn, Anand replied with 'A4' in less than 12 seconds without much thinking. It proved to be a 'monumental counter-blunder'.
Here is the video of the moment
As it can be seen clearly, Magnus realised his mistake when he started noting down his move. He stops writing for some time when his blunder soaked in! Even though Vishy took some time to think, he went ahead with blundered back, followed by Magnus putting his head down in total disbelief at his luck.
The entire chess world erupted at once. Most of them were at a loss of words to describe what they had just witnessed. Chess Grand Master Nakamura thought it was a 'transmission error'.
Polgar tweeted, "Still stunned about what happened! It is not so often in this level for 2 top players to blunder back to back. This was the gift of the match for Anand and he did not see it. What a bad time for Anand to play instantly after Kd2!"
Nigel Short gave a criket analogy to describe the blunder, "Magnus got away with a huge error. Almost as bad as dropping Rohit Sharma when he was on 4 runs"
Russian Chess Grand Master Kramink who was commentating was asked how would one recover from such an oversight, he replied, "My experience is that you don't recover."
That is what exactly happened to Anand. After the blunder he never recovered and it will also have a scarring effect in the games to follow. Anand's mistake will haunt him for a very long time.
There was noting much left to play for. White started gobbling up Anand's pawns, and Anand never had a chance to recover back.
Post-match presser
When Magnus was asked about the blunder he said, "Immediately after I made my move, I realised. I'm extremely lucky."
Magnus added, "Anand didn't expect it to happen. So I escaped. I'm massively relived."
When Anand was asked the same, "When you are not expecting a gift, sometimes you won't take it. I realised after playing too. It was a terrible game."
Here is the video of the press conference
Previous games
Add this to your flipboard Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Dont's miss any stories, follow our World Chess Championship magazine View my Flipboard Magazine.

Vijay Hazare Trophy: Bengal deny Assam win  Odhisa makeknockoutsGoswami smashed 133 off 135 balls with the help of 14 fours and three sixes. (Express File)
By: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 15, 2014 9:46 pm | Updated: November 15, 2014 10:01 pm
Already assured of a place in the knock-out stage, Bengal rode on opener Shreevats Goswami’s fluent 133 to beat Assam by 18 runs in a high-scoring East Zone match of the Vijay Hazare Trophy.
Opting to bat, Bengal were off to flyer as Goswami smashed 133 off 135 balls with the help of 14 fours and three sixes. Manoj Tiwary made a steady 57 off 71 balls to help Bengal amass 312 for the loss of six wickets.
Apart from Goswami and Tiwary, Sudip Chatterjee (35) and skipper Laxmi Ratan Shukla (36) were the other notable
contributors for Bengal.
Off-spinner Swarupam Purkayastha scalped two wickets for 58 for Assam.
In reply, skipper Dheeraj Jadhav and Parvez Aziz put on 118 runs for the opening stand to keep Assam in the hunt.
Jadhav made 115 off 137 balls which was studded with 10 boundaries, while Aziz’s 52 came off 61 deliveries during
which he struck five fours and one hit over the fence.
But once the partnership broke, it became more and more difficult for Assam to overwhelm the stiff target and the
visitors finally ended at 294 for eight.
Brief Scores: Bengal: 312 for six wickets in 50 overs (Sreevats Goswami 133, Manoj Tiwary 57; Swarupam Purkayastha 2/58) Assam: 294 for eight in 50 overs (Dheeraj Jadhav 115, Parvez Aziz 52; Sayan Mondal 4/59).
Odhisa progress to knockouts
Owing to their better net-run-rate, Odisha progressed to the knockouts of the Vijay Hazare Trophy one-day championship despite faltering in their last league match against Jharkhand, going down by 45 runs.
In the East Zone leg of Vijay Hazare trophy, Bengal with 16 points from four matches finished at the top of the table.
But there was a three-way tie between Odisha, Assam and Jharkhand, all of whom ended on eight points each.
Earlier, Assam had beaten Jharkhand, while Odisha had beaten Assam. And today Jharkhand defeated Odisha. However, Odisha, with a better run-rate compared to the other two, joined Bengal as the second team from East Zone to qualify.
Put in to bat, Jharkhand scored 280 for five in their allotted 50 overs and then managed to bundle out Odisha for
235 in 46.5 overs.
Brief scores: Jharkhand: 280 for five in 50 overs (Kumar Deobrat 73, Virat Singh 67; Paresh Patel 3/52). Odisha: 235 all out in 46.5 overs (Biplab Samantray 61, Abhilash Mallick 50; Rahul Shukla 4/48, Jaskaran Singh 3/53).

http://usat.ly/1uiu9e312 easy ways to save for retirement
Small changes in how you spend money can add up to big savings for retirement.
Post to Facebook
12 easy ways to save for retirement Small changes in how you spend money can add up to big savings for retirement. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1uiu9e3
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
26
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
12 easy ways to save for retirement
Nanci Hellmich , USA TODAY 7:21 a.m. EST November 12, 2014
Small changes in how you spend money can add up to big savings for retirement.
Experts offer advice on 12 ways to save for retirement.
(Photo: Getty Images)
542 CONNECT 314 TWEET 299 LINKEDIN 26 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Saving aggressively for retirement doesn't mean you have to live on canned beans and sawdust.
It's easy to make small changes that will make a big difference in your retirement savings, say financial experts Lynnette Khalfani-Cox, founder of AskTheMoneyCoach.com and author of Zero Debt: The Ultimate Guide to Financial Freedom, and Elli Dai, director of participant services for Wells Fargo Institutional Retirement and Trust.
Recent statistics highlight the need for some changes: Middle-class people in the USA have a median of $20,000 saved for retirement, far short of the $250,000 they think they'll need during that time of their lives, according to a new Wells Fargo survey of 1,001 adults, ages 25 to 75, with a median household income of $63,000. (Median means half earn more, half less.)
Khalfani-Cox and Dai offer these suggestions for boosting your savings:
• Create a budget. Most people think creating a budget means they'll be in a "financial straitjacket. They think a budget means deprivation," says Khalfani-Cox says. "But instead of thinking of a budget as a list of what they can't buy, they should look at it as a spending plan of action."
Lynnette Khalfani-Cox offers ways to save for retirement.
(Photo: Handout)
A budget helps you set priorities so you can become more focused and save for your goals, she says. Some people are overwhelmed by the idea of trying to save more because they have so many bills and other expenses, Khalfani-Cox says. "Sometimes people tell me they can't afford to save, and I say, 'You can't afford not to save.' "
• Cut spending without feeling deprived. Eliminate the things you won't really miss so you don't feel like you're going into "severe restriction mode," Khalfani-Cox says. You might stop eating lunch out daily or cancel some cable TV channels that you don't watch.
Dai adds that if you make one change in how you spend your money today, however small it may seem, you can make a difference in your retirement savings. "When you combine several seemingly small changes, they can add up to make a big difference in your retirement savings over time."
• Don't make minimum payments on credit card debt. "It's a complete financial trap," says Khalfani-Cox, who once had $100,000 in credit card debt and paid it off in three years. "Minimum payments in the short run mean maximum payments in the long run. It means so much more money in interest." Instead, double and triple the minimum payments.
• Negotiate better interest rates on your credit cards. Don't be afraid to call your credit card company, she says. It's a competitive market, which means you have leverage.
• Don't dig yourself deeper into debt. Change whatever financial behavior got you into debt in the first place, Khalfani-Cox says. This is something to keep in mind during the holidays. If you spent too much last year and had to dig out of a hole, try not to do it this year.
Many people end up in debt through no fault of their own, but they have been hit by what she calls "the dreaded D's — downsizing, divorce, death of the main breadwinner, disability and disease. These are five personal pitfalls that can throw people into debt and limit their ability to save money."
In this case, it may take time and patience to dig out of debt, she says.
• Turbocharge your savings. Contribute to your 401(k) plan or other type of employer-sponsored savings plan, especially if you are getting a match, which is essentially free money, Khalfani-Cox says. "You are getting Uncle Sam's help, too,  because you're not getting taxed on those contributions."
• Consider another turbocharged option. Look into getting an Individual Development Account ( cfed.org /ida ), Khalfani-Cox says. This program  is available to low- to moderate-income people who want to save toward a specific goal, such as a down payment on a home, college costs or job training. These accounts are supported by non-profit groups, companies and government agencies and provide matching funds. The savings may be matched 2-to-1, 3-to-1 or even more.
• Sell things you aren't using. Take a look in your basement, attic, garage and drawers and get rid of things you're not using. Sell them on websites or have a yard sale. This money should be earmarked for savings.
Simple ways to boost your savings
• Adjust your withholding. If you think you're going to get a tax refund, you may want to adjust your withholding now so your tax refund isn't as large in the spring, says Dai of Wells Fargo. Be sure to increase your savings at the same time so you don't end up spending the extra money in your paycheck.
• Take advantage of pretax savings accounts through your employer. These may include flexible savings accounts, health savings accounts, dependent day care flex savings accounts and transportation flexible spending accounts, Dai says. If you're going to pay for those things, anyway, you might as well use pretax dollars.
• Plan for the unexpected. Have an emergency savings account so that if you have an unexpected house or car repair or medical expense,  you don't have to stop saving for retirement or dip into your retirement savings, Dai says.
• Learn to cook. "One of my favorite non-traditional savings tips for people is to learn to cook," Dai says. The savings come in many ways: less eating out, buying fewer packaged (more expensive) groceries and possibly eating a healthier diet,  which could lead to lower long-term health care costs, she says.

AAP s poll promises for Delhi youth: 800 000 jobs  20 new collegesComments
An educational degree, jobs and internet is what the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) promised to the youth of the city if it is voted to power again.
AAP convener Arvind Kejriwal addresses supporters at the launch of party's Delhi Dialogue in New Delhi. (PTI Photo)
The first in a series of public outreach programmes, AAP’s Delhi Dialogue on Saturday at Jantar Mantar served as the ground for the party’s declaration of its five-point blueprint for Delhi youth. 
The five-point agenda announcement by the party came in front of a sea of supporters — young and old people, men and women.
The agenda lists affordable education, jobs, emphasis on sports and sporting facilities, free wifi and a fight against drugs as the party’s primary goals to empower youth.
“For the youth, the biggest problem is higher education. Close to 1.5 lakh students pass Class 12 in the city each year. Many of them don’t get admission in colleges. We will set up 20 colleges in the outskirts of Delhi. Wherever villagers are ready to provide land to us we will build new colleges. Along with conventional courses, these colleges will also focus on vocational education,” said the party’s chief ministerial candidate, Arvind Kejriwal.
The party has also promised scholarships, fee waivers and loans to students who have passed class 12 exams from Delhi and have got admission in a college in the city. The government will act as a guarantor for these loans.
To push job creation, AAP is also planning to set up incubation centres to encourage youth to become job creators instead of employees.
“Of the 29 industrial areas in Delhi, around 20 are lying empty because there is no water, power or roads to set up industries there. We have created a roadmap to create between 7 lakh and 10 lakh jobs in five years. In the Delhi government alone there are 55,000 vacancies and these are for posts such as teachers, doctors, nurses etc,” Kejriwal said.
According to rough estimates, more than 5,000 people attended Saturday’s event. The crowd was varied and had people from all walks of life. A large number of auto rickshaw drivers also came to show their support for the party.
The event was attended by a number of senior AAP leaders, including the likes of Yogendra Yadav, Meera Sanyal, Bhagwant Mann, Sanjay Singh and Gopal Rai. “The education model proposed by AAP is something that every government will follow in the coming two years,” claimed Yogendra Yadav. 
The event also saw the presence of National Skill Development Council chief operating officer Atul Bhatnagar, who attended Delhi Dialogue in his personal capacity. Mahesh Murthy, founder Seedfund, was also present and emphasized on the importance of the internet.
“Our new motto should be roti, kapda, makaan aur internet. The internet empowers people,” Murthy said.
According to AAP leaders, Delhi Dialogue will be an ongoing process. The next one is planned for the party’s foundation day, November 26 and will be on women issues.

Novak Djokovic beats Kei Nishikori to reach final of ATP FinalsDjokovic had gone through the group stage with wins against Cilic, Wawrinka and Berdych. (Source: Reuters)
By: Reuters | London | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:10 am
World number one Novak Djokovic ended Kei Nishikori’s impressive debut at the ATP World Tour Finals with a 6-1, 3-6, 6-0 semi-final victory at the O2 Arena on Saturday. The Serb was rattled by a mid-match onslaught from the Japanese who came back from a poor start to dominate the second set, only for his challenge to fizzle out in the decider.
Things could have been different had Nishikori, the first Asian man to qualify for the year-ender, converted the two break points he had in the first game of the deciding set. But Djokovic held firm and quickly regained control to march towards a 31st consecutive victory on indoor courts. He set up a match point with a searing crosscourt forehand winner and U.S. Open runner-up Nishikori double-faulted to end the contest after one hour 27 minutes.
Djokovic had gone through the group stage with wins against Marin Cilic, Stanislas Wawrinka and Tomas Berdych for the loss of a mere nine games, a tournament record. When the pressure of the occasion appeared to get to Nishikori in a first set that last 23 minutes, the Djokovic juggernaut looked unstoppable.
Nishikori ballooned another forehand long to drop serve at the start of the second set and the crowd, who paid big money for their tickets, looked like being short-changed.
Things turned in the next game, however, when Nishikori suddenly had a break point chance and Djokovic double-faulted – prompting huge cheers from the stands which clearly annoyed Djokovic who sarcastically applauded. Suddenly world number five Nishikori began to dictate the rallies and drag Djokovic out of his comfort zone.
Leading 4-3 he set up a break point with a forehand winner and converted it after teasing Djokovic with a drop shot and then a topspin lob the Serb could only fend back into mid court where Nishikori ripped away another forehand winner.
Two aces helped Nishikori level the match and a grandstand decider looked in store after so many disappointing one-sided matches at the tournament. However, you squander opportunities against Djokovic at your peril and when the Serb dug himself out of trouble to move 1-0 ahead in the third set, the momentum swung back his way.
The 27-year-old, who has already clinched the year-end world number one ranking, can become the first man since Ivan Lendl (1985-87) to claim three consecutive Tour Finals crowns.
‘One of the all time greats’
Djokovic was hailed as “one of the greats of all time” by John McEnroe. Fellow seven-time Grand Slam winner McEnroe paid his tribute before Djokovic demolished Berdych. Reminded of his own experience of breaking into the duopoly of Connors and Bjorn Borg in the late 1970s, McEnroe reckoned Djokovic had “done an incredible job” by now being mentioned in the same breath as Federer and Nadal.

AAP kickstarts Delhi Dialouge  woos voters promising 8 lakh jobs  20 new collegesPrint
Yesterday, both Congress and AAP had also favoured immediate polls to end the eight-month-long political uncertainty.
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 15, 2014 9:48 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 1:59 pm
Giving the traditional party manifesto a miss this elections, the AAP launched its Delhi Dialogue campaign — a 50-point blueprint for making Delhi a world class city — at Jantar Mantar on Saturday. AAP leaders said their new campaign was to hold consultations with various sections of society, identify issues and chalk out measures to solve them.
Stating that prior to every election, each party releases a manifesto, which is soon forgotten, AAP leader Yogendra Yadav said, “The Delhi Dialogue team decided that we will not announce our ideas through a manifesto. We will hold discussions with people and announce our plans in front of them. Today’s event is the first such platform where the AAP is discussing issues that are faced by the youth. We will have several such discussions in the future.”
Addressing a gathering of over 5,000 supporters at Jantar Mantar, AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal promised the youth five things — promote higher education, create jobs, improve sports facilities, provide free WiFi across the city and make the capital drug-free.
While Kejriwal did not apologise for resigning as Delhi chief minister, he praised the measures taken by his 49-day government — power and water subsidies, reduction in corruption and audit of discoms.
“One thing was clear in those 49 days, we fulfilled our promises. Ask anyone in Delhi, they will say a few things about AAP — it is honest, it is brave and it fulfills its promises. Every issue discussed here will be addressed,” Kejriwal said.
From 20 new colleges and  increase in seats in existing colleges to scholarships and education loans for Class XII pass-outs, the AAP chief proposed a series of measures for boosting higher education.
“Students with 90 per cent marks do not get admission in colleges of their choice. This is because no new colleges have opened in Delhi in many years. If any Class XII pass-out wants to study, the government will take the responsibility to provide them education. Seats in colleges will be doubled. Twenty more colleges will be opened,” Kejriwal said.
In an effort to mobilise support in rural parts of the capital, Kejriwal said new colleges will be opened primarily in villages which are willing to provide land for the purpose. He promised that  students from the village will be given preference in these colleges. “The government will take the responsibility of paying back loans in cases where students do not find employment. We have spoken to banks and the cost incurred in a year will not exceed Rs 300-400 crore,” he said.
The event also saw the AAP parading around 10 leaders of the Bahujan Samaj Party and the Congress, announcing that they have joined the AAP ranks.

World Chess Championship: Viswanathan Anand fails to captalise on Magnus Carlsen blunder  loses Game 6Print
Carlsen got a stronghold on the position in quick time and gave little hope to Anand. (Source: AP File)
By: Press Trust of India | Sochi | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:10 am | Updated: November 18, 2014 10:43 am
Viswanathan Anand failed to capitalise on an optical blunder by Magnus Carlsen and went on to lose the sixth game of the World Chess Championship, in Sochi on Saturday.
Carlsen, thanks to the lucky victory, surged ahead in the match for the second time and now leads the latch by 3.5-2.5 at exactly the half way stage with six games still remaining.
At the same point last year, the Norwegian had taken a two points lead at this point in the match and it was all
effectively over for Anand.
The missed opportunity, which could have turned the tide of the match came in a situation that was already worse for the Indian chess wizard.
It was Sicilian Kann by Anand, a shocker in itself as the last time this opening featured in a world championship match was during the Kasparov-Karpov match in the 1980s when mostly it was the Gary’s gambit on Kasparov’s mind.
Surely, Carlsen got a stronghold on the position in quick time and gave little hope to Anand which was a clear indication that Anand had gone for a wrong choice.
The queens got exchanged pretty early in the opening giving Carlsen a fine advantage to fight for victory.
The blunder by Carlsen was, in fact, quite uncalled for as he had another move to reach the same position which would have reached similar result in the game.
When asked about if he kept a poker face realising his mistake, Carlsen said, “I was not poker faced at all. I could
have reached the same position via a different move order but I made the mistake.”
Anand on his part was quite disturbed at the outcome during the press conference and Fabiano Caruana’s tweet that ‘Vishy won’t be able to sleep tonite’ seems apt for the Indian ace.
“Missing out on a winning opportunity is one thing, but Anand simply capitulated once under pressure,” said
Grandmaster Abhijeet Gupta who was watching the match from his home In India.
Gupta also noted that Anand could have proposed a better fight towards the end but simply lost when put under pressure.
Coming on a series of good results in the match this is a shocker for Anand at the half way stage.
Unfortunately there is another black game coming for the Indian that does not improve things. All that Anand needs to do is think right and come back in his best fighting move.
After the seventh game, the Indian gets to play three white games in the last five.
Carlsen for now, seems far ahead in the match.
Magnus Carlsen v/s V Anand 6th game move 
1. e4 c5 2. Nf3 e6 3. d4 cxd4 4. Nxd4 a6 5. c4 Nf6 6. Nc3 Bb4 7. Qd3 Nc6 8. Nxc6 dxc6 9. Qxd8+ Kxd8 10. e5 Nd7 11. Bf4 Bxc3+ 12. bxc3 Kc7 13. h4 b6 14. h5 h6 15. O-O-O Bb7 16. Rd3 c5 17. Rg3 Rag8 18. Bd3 Nf8 19. Be3 g6 20. hxg6 Nxg6 21. continued…

Kejriwal too talks reforms  with a focus on youthAAP has faced the ire of its supporters for having quit the government. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 10:14 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 9:00 am
Making a second bid for the people’s mandate to govern Delhi, Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) chief and former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal promised an overhaul of higher education in the capital with 20 new colleges, incubation services for budding entrepreneurs, subsidised education loans and more.
Kejriwal, who was the guest at the Express Adda in Mumbai on Friday evening, appeared to be moving towards a more broad-based politics from his anti-corruption platform, detailing a variety of plans he had for the capital, ranging from making it India’s first fully WiFi city to reducing VAT.
Speaking to Deputy Editor Seema Chishti, he said his Delhi Dialogues, an effort to draft policies for Delhi that will form the core of AAPs re-election campaign, would focus specifically on the youth. On his plans for the education sector, Kejriwal said if his party wins the coming Delhi assembly elections, his government would set up 20 new colleges on the outskirts of the city, with a curriculum focused on skills and entrepreneurship. Students in these colleges would get access to their incubation centres for two years, to test and run an enterprise.
Kejriwal also said government underwriting of student loans was an idea that could be explored. “In five years, we will make education in government schools of such good quality that even rich parents will want to send their children to these schools,” he said.
Also on his youth policy, he said a crackdown on the drug mafia was critical, to ensure Delhi does not go the Punjab way.
Among his other plans for Delhi, he promised to bring down VAT to among the lowest rates in India. This will encourage trade and jobs, he reasoned. For women’s security, Kejriwal proposed a connected CCTV coverage throughout the entire city.
Kejriwal said the biggest political lesson that he has learnt is “to never give one’s resignation”. Asked whether the AAP was capable of handling power effectively, he said, “I admit people are unhappy that we resigned. But it was a mistake, not a crime. Koi gunaah nahi kiya.” While he said he should have consulted the people before stepping down as Chief Minister after 49 days in government, Kejriwal added that he was seeking a fresh chance.
He said an organisational restructuring and strengthening was also underway in AAP through “Mission Vistaar”. While he admitted that the decision to spread themselves thin to contest the Lok Sabha elections was a mistake, Kejriwal said his party was buoyed by the fact that its vote share in Delhi had increased. “The assembly election is different. It will be a seedhi takkar (straight fight) between the BJP and us,” he said.
Asked about his party’s symbol, the broom, being co-opted by Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Swachh Bharat Mission, Kejriwal said he believed several continued…

Chess World Championship: Anand loses game 6  despite Carlsen s  monumental blunderprint
In the sixth game of the World Chess Championship Viswanathan Anand playing with black pieces lost to Magnus Carlsen.
Move 26, which will go down in the history books, as one of the most shocking set of moves played in a top level game, saw Carlsen blunder and Vishy blunder back which changed the course of the game.
Game board
Analysis
Initially, game 6 saw a flurry of moves from both players. There were no surprises in the opening. Anand went for the famous Sicilian defence again which he chose last time when played black, thus encouraging active play.
The game was fast-paced with both the players taking less than fifteen minutes for the first 12 moves. Carlsen went for a queen trade-off in the ninth move.
Susan Polgar, famous chess commentator, tweeted, "Qxd8 Kxd8 Queens already off the board. Basically white has very little initiatives in this line. Slow squeeze coming."
After 12 moves, white had two bishops intact but also had two pawns lined up in the 'c' file and Black's positon was cramped and also caslting was no more an option.
 
The 'G7' pawn
When Carlsen started marching his 'H' pawn into opposition camp to start squeezing Anand for space, he responded with 'H6'. Which was not appreciated by many chess experts.
The commentators immediately shot-off, "Not a very good move by Vishy. His 'G' pawn may come under threat later."
Polgar tweeted, "H6 - I am not a fan of this move. g7 pawn can be a target for Magnus later. Black is still ok but Magnus has room to squeeze". She continued, "to defend g7, Anand will swing the other Rook to g8, and not the h Rook as white has Bd3 - Bh7."
As expected, Magnus started attacking the 'G7' pawn.
Chess Grandmaster Teymur Rajabov tweeted, "Terrible choice by Anand today. Just worse, being worse on Saturday all day long is unpleasant,bad week-end choice."
Chess commentator Nigel Short was not happy with Anand's choices today, "Actually I don't like the Black position at all. I guess Black needs Nf8 and g5 as a defence, but there are tactical problems there too."
World No 2 Fabiano Caruana tweeted, "Passive and unpleasant position for Anand - something went very wrong. Now we can settle down for a long grind."
To sum it up, it was a very bad position for Anand. Against a player like Magnus who is looking for even a smallest lee-way to pounce, this was a setback.
Slowly Anand started to make amendments with some quiet moves like putting his bishop in a better square, and pushing his queen side pawns up the board to create some sort of pressure in case Carlsen fails to make any inroads. 
A blunder and a counter-blunder
Probably 'move 26' will go down in chess history as one of the most shocking moments witnessed in a top level game. In what can be described as a 'monumental blunder' Carlsen moved king to d2.
If Anand had waited and weighed his options even for a minute he would have went with 26... Nxe5 27. Rxg8 Nxc4+ 28. Kd3 Nb2+ 29. Ke2 Rxg8 30. Rxh6. This line of play would have dramatically changed the game.
Instead of capturing Magnus' 'E5' pawn, Anand replied with 'A4' in less than 12 seconds without much thinking. It proved to be a 'monumental counter-blunder'.
Here is the video of the moment
As it can be seen clearly, Magnus realised his mistake when he started noting down his move. He stops writing for some time when his blunder soaked in! Even though Vishy took some time to think, he went ahead with blundered back, followed by Magnus putting his head down in total disbelief at his luck.
The entire chess world erupted at once. Most of them were at a loss of words to describe what they had just witnessed. Chess Grand Master Nakamura thought it was a 'transmission error'.
Polgar tweeted, "Still stunned about what happened! It is not so often in this level for 2 top players to blunder back to back. This was the gift of the match for Anand and he did not see it. What a bad time for Anand to play instantly after Kd2!"
Nigel Short gave a criket analogy to describe the blunder, "Magnus got away with a huge error. Almost as bad as dropping Rohit Sharma when he was on 4 runs"
Russian Chess Grand Master Kramink who was commentating was asked how would one recover from such an oversight, he replied, "My experience is that you don't recover."
That is what exactly happened to Anand. After the blunder he never recovered and it will also have a scarring effect in the games to follow. Anand's mistake will haunt him for a very long time.
There was noting much left to play for. White started gobbling up Anand's pawns, and Anand never had a chance to recover back.
Post-match presser
When Magnus was asked about the blunder he said, "Immediately after I made my move, I realised. I'm extremely lucky."
Magnus added, "Anand didn't expect it to happen. So I escaped. I'm massively relived."
When Anand was asked the same, "When you are not expecting a gift, sometimes you won't take it. I realised after playing too. It was a terrible game."
Here is the video of the press conference
Previous games
Add this to your flipboard Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Dont's miss any stories, follow our World Chess Championship magazine View my Flipboard Magazine.

PM Modi pitches for speeding up of BRICS bank | CoverageYou are here: Home > Collections
PM Narendra Modi makes strong pitch for operationalisation of BRICS bank
PTI Nov 15, 2014, 07.22PM IST
Tags:
Dilma Rousseff
(Modi said that the bank…)
BRISBANE: Making a strong pitch for speeding up the creation of a BRICS development bank, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today said India hopes to ratify the agreement over the financial institution by year-end and 2016 should be set as the target for its inauguration.
"The historic 6th BRICS Summit in Fortaleza delivered- the New Development Bank and the Contingent Reserve Arrangement. These signal our collective capacities to create and manage global institutions," Modi said at an informal meeting of leaders of the five-nation BRICS bloc here.
"We propose that we should set the target of 2016 for inauguration of this Bank. We hope to ratify the agreement by the end of the year. We would soon nominate our candidate for the post of the Presidency," Modi said, making a strong pitch for the early operationalisation of the bank.
India will hold the Presidency of the $100 billion New Development Bank for the first six years. The bank will be based in Shanghai , China's financial hub.
India's presidency will be followed by Brazil and Russia who will have five years term each under an agreement reached after intense negotiations among the five country-grouping BRICS -- Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa .
The decision to set up the bank and a $100 billion Currency Reserve Arrangement (CRA) that will help countries to deal with short-term liquidity pressures, was made at the 6th BRICS Summit held in the Brazilian city of Fortaleza in July.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff , Russian President Vladimir Putin , Chinese President Xi Jinping and South African President President Jacob Zuma attended the informal meeting along with Prime Minister Modi on the sidelines of the G20 summit here.
Modi said that the bank and the CRA can be effective in promoting sustainable development and bridge infrastructure gaps.
"These measures send a strong message to the rest of the world about the efficacy of BRICS," he said in his speech delivered in English.
"We can be more aligned to local conditions and requirements. We should focus on next generation infrastructure. We can promote new models of governance and financing, while maintaining the highest banking standards," Modi said.
"We should also make it more participatory. We need to work towards their early implementation," he said.
Talking about the CRA, the Prime Minister said it is a "very timely" initiative.
He said the work on the re-insurance pool among BRICS is also a welcome one.
"We hope that our officials will be able to come up with a concrete proposal by the next year," Modi said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will become PM Modi supporter if he grants special status to Bihar: CM Jitan Ram ManjhiBihar
(Manjhi today said he was…)
BARH: Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi today said he was ready to become the supporter of Prime Minister Narendra Modi if he granted special category status to the state and fulfilled other long pending demands.
"If you fulfill your commitment to provide special category status to Bihar and other long pending demands like reimbursing Rs 1,000 crore spent by the state from its limited resources to repair national highways, I will become your supporter," Manjhi said in his speech while inauguration of the fourth unit of NTPC's Barh Super Thermal Power Plant.
Addressing a public function after the commercial launch of the unit, he took potshots at the NDA government at the Centre saying "Going by loud assertions of its ministers, it seems all the problems of Bihar have been solved."
In place of high decibel claims the state needs concrete steps to solve Bihar's problems on the ground, he said.
He referred to the seven ministers of the union government hailing from Bihar as "sat bhaiya' (seven brothers) and urged them to ensure that the dues of the state were fulfilled.
Protesting against the ignoring of his predecessor and senior JD(U) leader Nitish Kumar by the organisers of the function, he said "There should not have been politics in it."
Earlier, Manjhi accompanied Union Minister of State for Power Piyush Goyal to Muzaffarpur to inaugurate the commercial operation of 110 MW unit II of Muzaffarpur Thermal power station (Stage I).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kejriwal too talks reforms  with a focus onyouthAAP has faced the ire of its supporters for having quit the government. (Source: PTI photo)
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 15, 2014 10:14 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 9:00 am
Making a second bid for the people’s mandate to govern Delhi, Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) chief and former Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal promised an overhaul of higher education in the capital with 20 new colleges, incubation services for budding entrepreneurs, subsidised education loans and more.
Kejriwal, who was the guest at the Express Adda in Mumbai on Friday evening, appeared to be moving towards a more broad-based politics from his anti-corruption platform, detailing a variety of plans he had for the capital, ranging from making it India’s first fully WiFi city to reducing VAT.
Speaking to Deputy Editor Seema Chishti, he said his Delhi Dialogues, an effort to draft policies for Delhi that will form the core of AAPs re-election campaign, would focus specifically on the youth. On his plans for the education sector, Kejriwal said if his party wins the coming Delhi assembly elections, his government would set up 20 new colleges on the outskirts of the city, with a curriculum focused on skills and entrepreneurship. Students in these colleges would get access to their incubation centres for two years, to test and run an enterprise.
Kejriwal also said government underwriting of student loans was an idea that could be explored. “In five years, we will make education in government schools of such good quality that even rich parents will want to send their children to these schools,” he said.
Also on his youth policy, he said a crackdown on the drug mafia was critical, to ensure Delhi does not go the Punjab way.
Among his other plans for Delhi, he promised to bring down VAT to among the lowest rates in India. This will encourage trade and jobs, he reasoned. For women’s security, Kejriwal proposed a connected CCTV coverage throughout the entire city.
Kejriwal said the biggest political lesson that he has learnt is “to never give one’s resignation”. Asked whether the AAP was capable of handling power effectively, he said, “I admit people are unhappy that we resigned. But it was a mistake, not a crime. Koi gunaah nahi kiya.” While he said he should have consulted the people before stepping down as Chief Minister after 49 days in government, Kejriwal added that he was seeking a fresh chance.
He said an organisational restructuring and strengthening was also underway in AAP through “Mission Vistaar”. While he admitted that the decision to spread themselves thin to contest the Lok Sabha elections was a mistake, Kejriwal said his party was buoyed by the fact that its vote share in Delhi had increased. “The assembly election is different. It will be a seedhi takkar (straight fight) between the BJP and us,” he said.
Asked about his party’s symbol, the broom, being co-opted by Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Swachh Bharat Mission, Kejriwal said he believed several continued…

Growth on track  will add significantly to world economy  says SureshPrabhuPrint
Suresh Prabhu (Source: AP)
Written by P Vaidyanathan Iyer | Bresbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 10:07 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 5:04 am
India is making the second largest contribution to the extra 2 percentage points growth that the G20 Finance Ministers agreed upon earlier this year to add to the global economic output, said Suresh Prabhu, Sherpa to Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the G20 Leaders Summit. The G20 countries account for almost 85 per cent of the world economy.
“We are doing all the right things now and our policies will add significantly to the global economy,” Prabhu told The Sunday Express. India is expected to grow between 5.4 per cent and  5.9 per cent in 2014-15 after having clocked 5 per cent in the previous year.
According to Prabhu, who was recently assigned the Railways Ministry, India received wide appreciation for having reached a deal on the WTO’s Trade Facilitation Agreement. “In doing so, we have also addressed our own food security concerns,” he said, adding that people would be at the centre of reforms pursued by the government.
A major policy measure that India has already moved on relates to reforms in the labour market, to give more flexibility to companies in hiring. While the central government has already proposed changes in related laws, some states like Rajasthan have received presidential assent for amendments to their labour laws.
The G20 countries had agreed to increase world output by an additional two percentage points over the next five years. All countries were required to prepare a detailed action plan and commit to develop new measures to achieve this. India too has prepared a plan, details of which are being presented at the G20 Leaders’ Summit.
India perceives that the world is still in the shadow of weak economic growth. The World Bank cut its 2014 global economic growth forecast to 2.8 per cent in June this year from 3.2 per cent and the International Monetary Fund lowered it 40 basis points to 3.3 per cent in October.
At a meeting of BRICS leaders ahead of the G20 Summit, Modi said this, and the impact of political turmoil, security challenges and the Ebola virus, has affected growth in developing countries. Sharing his world view, he said there was a need to revive global economic confidence, boost growth and create jobs. “India wants to go on a positive trajectory of growth and G20 can support this,” Modi said.

Reforms have to be people-driven and insulated from political process:ModiPrime Minister Narendra Modi with French President Francois Hollande at the bilateral meeting in Brisbane on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Vaidyanathan Iyer | Brisbane | Posted: November 15, 2014 10:03 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 3:29 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Saturday that reforms should be “insulated from the political process”. Calling for large-scale and deep-routed reforms, he said the process cannot be undertaken “in stealth”.
Modi was making a special intervention on the first day of the G20 plenary session in Brisbane, following an invitation by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott who is hosting the Leaders’ Summit.
“There is bound to be resistance to change or reform. But it cannot be done in stealth,” said Modi, indicating his approach to reforms and how he would pursue the process, given the pressures of a democracy.
Significantly, he said there is a need to “insulate reforms from the political process”. This is interesting given that certain ideas, like FDI in multi-brand retail, have met with opposition from within the BJP.
Outlining his vision on reforms to a global audience for the first time, he drew from his experience in Gujarat and talked about his government’s thrust on reforms.
Modi said globally, reforms are handicapped with the perception of being government programmes, and a burden on the people. “This needs to change,” he observed, adding that there is a need for reforms to be people-centric and driven by the people.
Modi said reforms must be deep-rooted. “You need to address the root causes while undertaking reforms. It should be technology-driven and lead to simplification of procedures,” he said, adding that it is a multi-stage process and must be institutionalised.
Abbott’s invitation to Modi may be linked to the interest of global leaders in understanding the reforms process in India, where reforms have been slow and irreversible.
Meanwhile, Modi projected a very confident face and asserted himself to his counterparts at various bilateral meetings. He told European Council President Herman Van Rumpoy there was a wind of change in India and no lack of political will now.
“Come, see for yourself,” he told Van Rumpoy, when the latter pointed out to him that lack of political will stalled the India-European Union Broadbased Trade and Investment Agreement initiated seven years ago in 2007.
Earlier on Friday, when British Prime Minister David Cameron invited him to his country, Modi is learnt to have told him that he was already getting many calls from the large Indian diaspora in UK for a visit.
At the dinner later in the day, he is reported to have asked Japan Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to move fast on a plan to convert Varanasi into a smart city on the lines of Kyoto. He told Abe that the “Japan Plus” special policy to expedite investment by Japanese companies was already in place. Modi had promised this during his visit to Japan in September, and the plan was operationalised on October 18.
There is bound to be resistance to change or reform. But it cannot be done in stealth

Novak Djokovic beats Kei Nishikori to reach final of ATPFinalsDjokovic had gone through the group stage with wins against Cilic, Wawrinka and Berdych. (Source: Reuters)
By: Reuters | London | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:10 am
World number one Novak Djokovic ended Kei Nishikori’s impressive debut at the ATP World Tour Finals with a 6-1, 3-6, 6-0 semi-final victory at the O2 Arena on Saturday. The Serb was rattled by a mid-match onslaught from the Japanese who came back from a poor start to dominate the second set, only for his challenge to fizzle out in the decider.
Things could have been different had Nishikori, the first Asian man to qualify for the year-ender, converted the two break points he had in the first game of the deciding set. But Djokovic held firm and quickly regained control to march towards a 31st consecutive victory on indoor courts. He set up a match point with a searing crosscourt forehand winner and U.S. Open runner-up Nishikori double-faulted to end the contest after one hour 27 minutes.
Djokovic had gone through the group stage with wins against Marin Cilic, Stanislas Wawrinka and Tomas Berdych for the loss of a mere nine games, a tournament record. When the pressure of the occasion appeared to get to Nishikori in a first set that last 23 minutes, the Djokovic juggernaut looked unstoppable.
Nishikori ballooned another forehand long to drop serve at the start of the second set and the crowd, who paid big money for their tickets, looked like being short-changed.
Things turned in the next game, however, when Nishikori suddenly had a break point chance and Djokovic double-faulted – prompting huge cheers from the stands which clearly annoyed Djokovic who sarcastically applauded. Suddenly world number five Nishikori began to dictate the rallies and drag Djokovic out of his comfort zone.
Leading 4-3 he set up a break point with a forehand winner and converted it after teasing Djokovic with a drop shot and then a topspin lob the Serb could only fend back into mid court where Nishikori ripped away another forehand winner.
Two aces helped Nishikori level the match and a grandstand decider looked in store after so many disappointing one-sided matches at the tournament. However, you squander opportunities against Djokovic at your peril and when the Serb dug himself out of trouble to move 1-0 ahead in the third set, the momentum swung back his way.
The 27-year-old, who has already clinched the year-end world number one ranking, can become the first man since Ivan Lendl (1985-87) to claim three consecutive Tour Finals crowns.
‘One of the all time greats’
Djokovic was hailed as “one of the greats of all time” by John McEnroe. Fellow seven-time Grand Slam winner McEnroe paid his tribute before Djokovic demolished Berdych. Reminded of his own experience of breaking into the duopoly of Connors and Bjorn Borg in the late 1970s, McEnroe reckoned Djokovic had “done an incredible job” by now being mentioned in the same breath as Federer and Nadal.

