Sam Champion Sounds Off On Network Morning Shows   Hysteriareddit
He was once a valuable part of ABC's "Good Morning America," but today, Sam Champion has no love for the network morning show genre.
"Morning television is getting to the point where I need a costume malfunction moment," the Weather Channel anchor told HuffPost Live in a Thursday interview. "It's getting ... to a hysteria of everything's gotta be flashing all the time."
And while the loud antics are of concern to the "AMHQ" co-host, so are the content offerings.
"Let's just say, on any given day if you're watching a network morning show, I'm going to find a cast of the 'Housewives,' I'm going to find a 'Dancing' star, I'm going to find a musical concert, I'm going to find shopping," he explained. "That's morning television.  But it isn't, and it shouldn't be."
Champion's "AMHQ" program will be focusing on "stories you're not going to find in mainstream media." He went on to say that "the audience wants to see [those] more."
"I think you want to be smarter when you walk out the door," he said. "So let's talk about things that will impact you."
Sign up here for Live Today, HuffPost Live's new morning email that will let you know the newsmakers, celebrities and politicians joining us that day and give you the best clips from the day before!
Also on HuffPost:

Wholesale inflation drops to 5-year low of 1.77%India's wholesale price inflation dropped to a five year low of 1.77% in October over continuing decline in food prices, including vegetables.
The Wholesale Price Index (WPI) based inflation was at 2.38% in September and 7.24% in October 2013.
As per data released by the government on Friday, the food inflation fell to a nearly two-and-half year low of 2.7%.
Food inflation is on decline since May. The sharp drop in WPI inflation, which fell for the fifth month in a row, came at the back of retail inflation declining to a record low of 5.52% in October.
The rate of price rise in onion contracted 59.77% as compared to a contraction of 58.12% in September.
In case of vegetables, the contraction was 19.61%, while in protein rich items of egg, meat and fish it was 2.58% in October.
During the month, inflation in potato stood at 82.11%, against 90.23% in the previous month.
Inflation in manufactured products, like sugar, edible oils, beverages and cement, fell to 2.43% in October as against 2.84% in the previous month.
The August WPI inflation was revised higher to 3.85% from 3.74% earlier, the data said. Inflation in the fuel and power segment which include LPG, petrol and diesel declined to 0.43 % as compared to price rise of 1.33% in September.
The Reserve Bank which maintained status quo in interest rate since January, will come out with the monetary policy review on December 2. The RBI factors in retail inflation while formulating its monetary policy.
Slowing inflation builds case for RBI rate cut 
The decline in both retail and WPI inflation for October, coupled with improvement in industrial output for September, will put pressure on the RBI to lower interest rates to boost growth.
An uptick in manufacturing and capital goods pushed industrial output to a three-month high of 2.5% in September. Industry has been demanding easing of interest rates to boost growth, which has slumped to 4.7% in 2013-14.
The economy is estimated to grow in the range of 5.4-5.9% this fiscal.
Friday's data comes days after consumer price inflation had dropped to 5.52 percent in October, below the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) 6 percent target for January 2016.
"With inflation at or under 6 percent we think RBI is likely to face pressure to ease, not just from the government, but also from RBI's own policy committee," said Devika Mehndiratta, a senior economist at Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd in Singapore.
She expects retail inflation to hit a low of close to 4 percent in November, opening up an opportunity for a 25 basis points interest rate cut in the second quarter of 2015.
Indian businesses have been pleading for a cut in interest rates, which are among the highest in Asia, to stimulate consumption in a domestic demand-driven economy.
Consumer goods output - a proxy for consumer demand that drives 60 percent of India's economy - has grown in just two of the last 21 months. It fell an annual 4.0 percent in September.
The RBI is meeting on Dec. 2 to review policy, having kept its key repo rate steady at 8.0 percent since January.
A Reuters poll last month had shown that economists expected rates to be held unchanged until well into next year, due to worries that price pressures would revive once a favourable base effect fades out and food prices rise after a poor summer rains.
Bond traders are betting on one of the biggest interest rate reductions among major emerging markets once the rate cutting cycle begins.
The 10-year benchmark bond yield had dropped 36 basis points since Oct. 1 until the last session on hopes of a rate cut.
 

SBI Q2 Net rises 31% to 3 100 croreComments
Country's largest bank SBI on Friday reported 30.5% growth in net profit at Rs. 3,100.41 crore for the quarter ended September 30.
The standalone net profit of State Bank of India (SBI) was Rs. 2,375 crore in July-September quarter of 2013-14, it said in a filing to the BSE.
Provisioning against bad loans during the quarter stood at Rs. 4,274 crore, up 41% from Rs. 3,029 crore in the September quarter of last fiscal.
Gross non-performing assets (NPA) as a percentage of total advances stood at 4.89% at the end of September, lower than 5.64% in the year-ago period.
Net NPA was 2.73%. Total income increased to Rs. 41,833 crore during the quarter from Rs. 37,199.92 crore in the corresponding period last year.
On a consolidated basis, SBI's net profit rose 31% to Rs. 4,024 crore during the second quarter. The group's net profit after taxes, minority interest and share of profit/(loss) of associates was Rs. 3,073 crore in the same quarter of previous fiscal.
SBI shares were trading 1.43% up at Rs. 2,758.10 per scrip during afternoon session on the BSE.

New Tyranny of Silence book: Danish Cartoon Crisis editor weighs what hed change -- and what he would notBy Michael Cavna November 14 Follow @comicriffs
EDITOR’S NOTE: One of the more ignorant things I occasionally hear people say in my line of work is that a certain artwork is “just a cartoon.” If they had any understanding of the hot thunderclap power of a single image upon the brain’s hard-wiring, they would instead say warily, “Oh my, it’s a CARTOON.” This interview reminds of the potential potency, for good or ill, for right or wrong, of a distilled still image.
– M.C.
AMID THE MURDER threats and security alerts and thrown axes, Flemming Rose is not, he says, confrontational by nature.
Rose is best known as the Danish newspaper editor who — in reaction to what he saw as increasing self-censorship by visual and verbal artists — nearly a decade ago commissioned 12 cartoonists to express their thoughts about Islam and freedom of expression. Rose, then the culture editor of Jyllands-Posten, saw this not as a provocative stunt, he says, but rather as an act of journalism.
His 2005 commission of these works — including the most socially incendiary: Kurt Westergaard’s depiction of a Muslim wearing a bomb-like turban — would ignite the “Cartoon Crisis,” as Rose terms it, capitalized. These cartoons would lie near the cultural center of a maelstrom of international events within several years, including protests and attacks in such hot spots as Libya and Nigeria, and upon Danish embassies, and more than 100 deaths. Most directly, Rose’s life was constantly threatened and Westergaard — who spent much time in hideaway locations — was attacked in his home by a blade-wielding man.
In 2006, just months after the commission, Rose wrote a piece for The Post headlined, “Why I Published Those Cartoons,” in which he said: “Our goal was simply to push back self-imposed limits on expression that seemed to be closing in tighter.” His intent was not to “demonize or stereotype Muslims,” he wrote, but rather to include and integrate them into the larger “Danish tradition of satire because [they] are part of our society, not strangers.”
FLEMMING ROSE (courtesy of Flemming Rose/CATO.)
Now, with the clarity of hindsight and nine years’ remove, Rose is sharing his insights and reflections in a book (released today in the United States) titled, “The Tyranny of Silence: How One Cartoon Ignited a Global Debate on the Future of Free Speech.” The book was published here by the Cato Institute in Northwest Washington, where Rose spoke yesterday before an afternoon public appearance at the Newseum (where, the editor says, he drew “kind of an open audience…of people with their own agendas”).
Rose had actually been trying to sell this book in the American market for years, as far back in 2007. “My impression was that they hesitated because they might have been a little afraid of what would have happened,” Rose tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “There’s still fear.”
Although Rose commissioned the Danish cartoons in response to incidents of “self-censorship,” they notably do not appear in his international book, which is roughly half the length of the original domestic book he published four years ago.
“I’m fine with it,” Rose says of excluding the cartoons. “From the very beginning, I distanced myself from that part of the process. … I would like it to have the cartoons, but I will not insist. I will leave it to negotiations with different publishers in different countries.”
That is partly because Rose’s motivation, he says, is simply to get his story out — his version to counter the narrative that arose. “It was Westergaard’s image that would change my life,” Rose writes,” as the editor became a target of hate and a figure of Islamic intolerance, set against “the tension between respect for cultural diversity and the protection of democratic freedoms.” And so this book, he writes, is “an attempt to reconcile that public symbolism with my personal story.”
courtesy of CATO.
“I felt I was misunderstood in a lot of quarters,” Rose tells Comic Riffs. “I’ve been besieged and painted as an Islamophobe — that I have Muslims for breakfast. I’m not that hostile and confrontational by nature. That’s why the book is not only about this specific case. It also deals with Christianity in the time of wars over religion … and similar international threats.
“There are Orthodox Christians in Russia who are trying to silence opponents that they see as [being] against their faith,” continues Rose, who was a Moscow-based correspondent for many years, and whose wife, Natalia, is Russian. “It’s a book about free speech in a globalized world. The cartooning crisis is just a starting point. It’s far wider in scope, in its ideas and religions and history.”
Rose isn’t calling for cartoonists to publish “images of the prophet Muhammad,” he says. But he does urge that people be truthful that self-censorship is occurring.
“I understand that people feel intimidated,” Rose tells us. “I think we should be honest about it. We should not [apologize] it away to be polite. We mock all religions, but we give special treatment to one religion right now. I’m just calling for honesty so we know what we’re talking about.”
Rose draws a comparison to how other religions are depicted in satire. “Look at the cartoons dealing with Christianity,” he tells The Post. ” We do not hesistate to be offensive. … Basically my approach is this: If you give in to intimidation, you will not get less intimidation, you will get more intimidation.”
“Tyranny of Silence” is no apologia, but the author does acknowledge that had he to do it over again, he would modify his approach.
“I have changed my stance. I thought nine years ago that mine was a big influential newspaper in Denmark,” says Rose, who is now the foreign editor at Jyllands-Posten. “I thought we could change the situation and win this battle. Now I understand you need growth and support in society in order to fight intimidation. You need thousands and thousands [of artists] to do the same thing in order to counter that fear.”
That was what Seattle artist Molly Norris was attempting when her illustration launched “Everybody Draw Muhammad Day” in response to “South Park” episodes that edited depictions of Muhammad, Rose says.
“I know that from my own life in the Soviet Union: If you want to dilute the fear and the threat, you need more people to challenge it. They [opponents] cannot come after millions.”
Rose returns to history to illuminate his point. “I think that was what happened … during the Enlightenment: People took on those taboos,” Rose tells us. “It was uncomfortable and not always pleasant. Christians had to accept that this is the price you have for living in a democracy. People from time to time will say something that is offensive to your religion. It’s a painful process, but I don’t think you solve anything by shutting it off.”
Although he weighs some editorial decisions heavily, Rose does not apologize for, or second-guess, publishing Westergaard’s cartoon. “He’s basically depicting a reality — he’s saying through the cartoon that SOME Muslims are committing violence in the name of Islam,” the editor says. “There is no demonizing of Muhammad in that cartoon. There is no relationship between his face and the bomb on his head, and no stereotyping of Islamic features. It’s not like the anti-Semitic cartoons we talk about and see.”
Rose allows that he wished he would have handled himself differently. “On some individual matters, probably — I would change how I handled this in the media,” Rose tells The Post. “I gave too many interviews. I got taken away by all the attention I got. I would have been more disciplined in terms of media appearances. … But that’s minor details.
“The key things — no, I would not change. … I always challenge my own opinions – are you sure? I doubt myself,” Rose continues. “But in this case and the decision we made and the sequence of events, it makes sense to me.
“I look at my own values in terms of equality and right and wrong. I don’t see I did something that did not fit my value system. I do not regret it.”
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

10 tips to help you bell the CATUpdated: November 15, 2014 11:03 IST
10 tips to help you ‘bell’ the CAT
Internet Desk
post graduate
With less than 24 hours to go for the Common Admission Test (CAT) 2014, it would be reasonable to assume that most candidates are sufficiently well-prepared for it. While a firm grip on the test content is definitely the most important cornerstone of preparation for an exam, familiarity with the testing environment always gives one an edge.
One of the major changes is that the duration of the examination has been increased to 170 minutes from 140 minutes. In addition, questions in each section - Quantitative Ability and Data Interpretation, and Verbal Ability and Logical Reasoning - have been increased to 50 from 30. The primary objective of increasing the test duration by 30 minutes is to give students more time to demonstrate their problem-solving skills.
Checklist for the D-day:
• Carry the right documents - admit card, original and valid identification, SC/ST and DA supporting documents
• Plan your travel time, check map/directions on the CAT website
• Arrive at least one-and-a-half hours before scheduled test time
• Make use of the practice test to get a feel of the functionality and navigation of the actual test
Here are some tips to help you give your best shot at the exam:
1. Last year’s topper, 22-year-old Anirudh Batra, belled the CAT without having the need to attend coaching classes and practicing just for an hour everyday. So, it is not just about how much you have prepared or the amount of knowledge you have: it ultimately boils down to your performance on the day during those 170 minutes.
2. Assuming that you have been preparing seriously for CAT, you would have, by now, taken a series of model examinations that are similar to the actual CAT exam. Do go through some of the model examinations that you have taken over the last few months. You should take a re-look at the questions that you have got correct.
3. More importantly, spend a little more time on the questions you got wrong during the actual model exam and formulate a better way of solving the same.
4. It is advisable to check the test centre location, travel time and traffic conditions in advance, and plan your travel accordingly. A map with travel directions is available for all test centres on the CAT website.
5 . The flexibility to switch between the two sections is touted to allow aspirants to spend more time either in their weaker section to clear the section cut-off score or in their stronger section to clear overall cut-off scores. For this, time management between the sessions and time discipline to stick to the plan or strategy are critical.
6. Given the higher number of questions, the test is also a measure of your ability to select the right questions to answer. The new pattern is expected to be more student-friendly and the aspirants are expected to score better; yet one may not be able to obtain the desired percentile unless one is capable of solving good number of challenging questions.
7. Nobody can really give you a “tip” on the test day with which you can improve your performance. Keeping to yourself till the examination is over is a good idea.
8. At this level, the difference between getting a good percentile that will lead you to a good B-school and settling for a lesser one could just be a couple of questions. So do not let go of the intensity of your run-up to the exam.
9. Have a clear idea of your relative strengths and weaknesses in the test areas. Work on your strengths and strategies to tackle the weaker sections.
10. The general idea is to get exam-ready practically; at the same time improve your comfort level and confidence from the test-taking perspective.
Click here for a mock test to get yourself acquainted with the test tool.

We are optimistic about Indian market  JCB CEO Graeme MacdonaldUpdated: November 15, 2014 19:58 IST
We are optimistic about Indian market, JCB CEO Graeme Macdonald
Vinaya Deshpande
Tweet
PTI
Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje with JCB Group Chairman Lord Bamford during the inauguration of JCB Manufacturing plant at Bagru Village in Jaipur on Friday.
TOPICS
company information
Even as other emerging markets like China, Russia, Brazil face a downhill, India is the only emerging market JCB is optimistic about, JCB Group CEO Graeme Macdonald said in Jaipur on Friday. He also expressed optimism about growth due to government-change. He was speaking on the sidelines of JCB's largest manufacturing facility in India, set up 35 kilometres from Jaipur.
“In the (new) government, lot of action is taking place at policy level. Real growth will happen in the second half of next year. We are very optimistic about it. We are very optimistic that policy will come into action,” Vipin Sondhi, MD and CEO of JCB India, said.
Mr. Macdonald said that the gross revenue from JCB India was Rs. 5,500 crore. “India shares around 20 per cent proportion of the world's revenue, and it is only set to expand with such facilities. Currently, Russia is facing problems about investors, and we don't think it will come back for a long time. Generally, the world market is down. It is being driven by the sheer scale of South Asian market. The fastest growing markets are U.K. and North America,” he said.
The company has claimed that every direct job it offers, creates a potential for seven indirect jobs in the country. “With every machine we sell, we directly employ three persons. We have created six lakh jobs till now,” Mr. Sondhi said.
He said that the company has consistently invested in India even during the period of global slowdown and financial crisis.
“We share a lot in common with Indians. From our experience with our staff here, we know that Indians have boundless enthusiasm. They have true grit and determination to make the best of every situation,” JCB Group chairperson Lord Bamford said.
He and the senior management refused to give any projections about the number of units the company intends to produce in the country, or the kind of investment it intends to do in the future.
“We will create capacity as market grows. If you see, all forecasts made till now have gone wrong. We don't want to forecast,” Mr. Sondhi said.
The company aims at building higher capability for engineering-based products in India, which now accounts for 20 per cent export share of the company. It intends to take forward its role as number one provider of loader-all machinery in the country's fast-growing construction market. “We will make it safest for Swatchh Bharat, for most cost-effective solution for urbanisation,” Mr. Sondhi said. It also intends to work further on training youths for skill development, in collaboration with the local authorities.
JCB exports to 53 countries, and its India facilities provide for 20 per cent of its total exports.
The company will soon venture into gensets. It has already expanded in the apparels segment by manufacturing safety shoes. “Our theme is safety. We are doing brand extension extensively. I have been told that in the past one year, seven million items were sold with JCB written on it,” Mr. Bamford said.

Ex-Navy SEAL who revealed he killed Osama bin Laden attended the Redskins team meeting on SaturdayBy Marissa Payne November 15 Follow @marissapayne
O’Neill, a retired Navy SEAL who says he shot bin Laden in the head, publicly identified himself Nov. 6. (Walter Hinick/Associated Press, via The Montana Standard)
Well, we already knew he was a fan , so maybe it shouldn’t come as a surprise that the ex-Navy SEAL who recently revealed he shot and killed Osama bin Laden attended the Redskins’ team meeting on Saturday. Redskins wide receiver Pierre Garcon and defensive lineman Chris Baker have proof. Both posted photos of thenselves with Rob O’Neill on their Instagram accounts late Saturday night:
O’Neill didn’t just drop by to say “hi,” however. Instead, he swung by to give what had to have been the most motivational pep talk in history.
“We had the honor of meeting and listening to a real HERO tonight before our game tomorrow,” Garcon noted on the caption of his Instagram post.
— Robert O'Neill (@mchooyah) November 16, 2014
Perhaps O’Neill’s speech went something like this: “I permanently ended the nefarious doings of the world’s most elusive and wanted terrorist to benefit the whole of humanity. Now, can you just please squeak out a victory against the 1-8 Tampa Bay Buccaneers to salvage this pretty lackluster season? OK, then. USA! USA! USA!”
In all seriousness, though, the Redskins kind of owe O’Neill one (even more than the rest of us). He’s been flaunting his fandom for quite some time now, including in this anonymous March 2013 Esquire profile of O’Neill  that my colleague Scott Allen found. Back then, O’Neill was known only as “the Shooter.”
He had survived his last deployment, and there was a barbecue near his house to celebrate with about thirty close friends from “the community.” The Redskins were on, his favorite team, and there was lots of Commando ale, brewed by a former SEAL.
O’Neill also subliminally repped the team in his local paper, The Montana Standard , when they ran a profile on him and his involvement in other missions. (Check out his hat in the photo above that ran with the article!)
Is it brave to be a Navy SEAL? You bet. Is it also brave to be a Redskins fan? It certainly can feel that way sometimes.
Well, O’Neill is doing both. So seriously, Redskins, go get that “W!”
Rob O’Neill, the Navy SEAL who reportedly shot & killed Osama bin Laden, spoke to the team before game vs Buccaneers. pic.twitter.com/xL4rF83QOl
— Washington Redskins (@Redskins) November 16, 2014
With America’s Hero. So grateful for your service. A true honor! Redskins on cloud 9. #HTTR @mchooyah pic.twitter.com/2I2KKx6zqt
— Paul Kelly (@pkcureous24) November 16, 2014
Marissa Payne writes for The Early Lead, a fast-breaking sports blog, where she focuses on what she calls the “cultural anthropological” side of sports, aka “mostly the fun stuff.” She is also an avid WWE fan.

Gionee launches LTE enabled smartphonesGionee launches LTE enabled smartphones
Ronendra Singh
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 15:  
Chinese handsets maker Gionee on Saturday launched four new smartphones with a clear focus on its long-term evolution (LTE) portfolio - V6L LTE, P5L LTE, P4S and P6 - priced between Rs 10,000 and Rs 15,000.
The new devices will be available from mid-December, the company said in a statement.
The company also announced that from 2015 onwards all the devices above Rs 10,000 will be LTE enabled.
“Gionee has always kept itself updated with the latest technology advancements and market trends. Continuing our endeavour to provide every customer with the best in technology we are announcing a host of new products and LTE devices will be our key focus,” Arvind R Vohra, India Head – Gionee Smartphones said.
The Gionee V6L LTE, priced at Rs 15,000 is 6.9 mm thick with five-inch screen and is optimised by CPU Quad Core 1.2GHz and runs on Android OS v4.4 (KitKat) and is supported by Internal 8GB, 1GB RAM T-card expandable up to 128 GB.
Other features include an 8MP rear camera, LTE connectivity, and 1950 mAh battery.
Gionee P5L LTE priced at Rs 10,000 has Quad Core 1.2GHz and runs on Android OS, v4.4 (KitKat) and is supported by 8GB, 1GB RAM T-card expandable up to 128GB. It has 5MP rear camera, LTE connectivity, and 1800 mAh battery.
The P4S comes with a window flip which enables the phone to show weather, date and time in the flip window. The phone can be flipped to light up display and cover to power off.
Similarly the P6 comes with a five-inch multi touch screen comes in a semi transparent coating. The prices of the two devices will be announced later.
(This article was published on November 15, 2014)
Related

Baby body parts found in Bangkok package destined for USBaby body parts found in Bangkok package destined for US
AFP
print
The body parts of several babies have been found in a parcel destined for the United States, Thai police said on Sunday.
A baby's head, several feet and "sheets of skin" -- including one taken from an adult and bearing a large tattoo -- were discovered on Saturday after staff at a Bangkok parcel company scanned the package.
"They were not from one body but were in small pieces," police major general Chawalit Prasopsin told AFP on Sunday.
"They have been sent for forensic examination to confirm if they were from babies who died after delivery or in the womb," Chawalit said.
The parts were found preserved in containers filled with formaldehyde solution, leading Chawalit to speculate they could be for "a collection or for educational purposes".
Police said they are investigating but did not reveal further details of where the packaged was addressed to in the US.
Local media reported it was destined for an address in Las Vegas, Nevada.
In 2012 Thai police discovered six human foetuses which had been roasted and covered in gold leaf as part of an apparent black magic ritual.
The grisly discovery was made in the luggage of a British citizen of Taiwanese origin. They were due to be sent to Taiwan.
In Thai black magic rituals, also observed among some Chinese communities, preserved foetuses are believed to bring good fortune to the owner and are often kept in shrines within homes or businesses.

When did I ever hide anything about my life Anushka Sharma on Virat KohliWhen did I ever hide anything about my life? Anushka Sharma on Virat Kohli
Tavishi Paitandy Rastogi , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 16, 2014
First Published: 11:07 IST(16/11/2014) | Last Updated: 02:21 IST(17/11/2014)
Comments
Anushka Sharma hasn’t followed the rule book of Bollywood. The actor is six-years-old in the industry, but has done only seven films so far. Four ­others are yet to release. She hasn’t perfected the art of PR either. She doesn’t believe in networking or socialising.
The only time she goes on social media is when she wants to take ownership of a ‘cosmetic’ decision that “didn’t go so right”. She doesn’t waste reams of newsprint ­eulogising her love for alleged boyfriend, cricketer Virat Kohli. Yet, is bold enough to face the cameras as she cheers for him from the stands. But everything she does, or doesn’t do, makes news.
We wonder what makes this seemingly casual 26-year-old so controversial?
“Even I don’t understand it. In fact, all the things that I don’t do get talked about more than I can ever imagine. It’s so strange,” she says.
Come on! Are you saying every time there is a controversy, it is born out of thin air?
No. Of course, a lot of times things are reported because they have happened. But a lot of times they are reported out of nowhere. Then, even I start thinking if anything really happened while I was sleeping!
So what happened and what didn’t?
Like, have I ever gone to see a cricket match? Of course, I have. So, that’s true. But that I’ve gotten engaged, decided to move out of home to live with somebody? No. Absolute rubbish. And the problem is that all this is reported and confirmed with such authority that even my own family starts to wonder. When reports of my engagement came out, my grandmother, who lives in Dehradun, called my dad to ask how he could get me engaged without informing her. It took all of us a lot to convince her that it wasn’t true.
So an engagement may not have happened, but isn’t it time you ­acknowledged your ­relationship with Virat Kohli?
But when did I ever hide anything? I lead my life very openly. I have never denied or hidden anything. It’s just that I don’t like to talk about my private life. I can’t shout from the roof top. It’s out there for people to see. They can see, think, say and insinuate anything. But I’ll not comment on it. I also feel that if I talk about my relationship, its sanctity goes away. My relationships, be it with my parents, ­brother, friends or partner, are very pure. I don’t want that to go away.
Maybe, if you talk, others won’t.
No, they wouldn’t stop. Also, if I talk, then I’ll be liable to answer all sorts of questions. Because if I have come out and spoken once, then I’ll be expected to keep talking. I feel, the minute we talk about our private lives, all the focus just shifts there. Then I’ll also have to answer questions like ‘aap Valentine day pe kya karne wale hain? Aapne Birthday pe kya gift diya?’ I can’t do that. That said, I will never disrespect my relationship by shying away from it. Like I said, it’s all in the open. When I go out for dinner or to watch a match, everyone can see it. But if people still need a ­verbal confirmation, I am not giving it. I am not going to have conversations on my personal life. And why do I even need to? My personal life can’t be made into a circus. But really, how much louder can I get?
It isn’t just your love life, there seems to be an impression that you don’t have too many friends in the industry. In fact, your ‘no so cordial’ relationship with your co-actresses gets written about all the time.
Now, that is a perception. And honestly, I can’t do much about that. I don’t know where this comes from. But, yes, I don’t make a show of my friendships. I am great friends with Ranbir (Kapoor), Arjun Kapoor, Anurag Kashyap, even Karan Johar. But I don’t talk about it. No one will get to know we are friends or that we chill together. Then I am great friends with the ADs on my sets, my crew members, but no one writes about them. I, too, click selfies but just because I don’t put them up on my Facebook page doesn’t mean I don’t have friends. I also can’t pick up the phone every day and say, ‘Hey! What’s happening?’. I realise that I am not very forthcoming. Especially when it comes to my personal space. But then my life is not a reality show, where people will know and be privy to everything that I do.
Misconceptions may spoil the image.
That’s exactly where I come from. I can’t create a ‘self’ image. I realise it’s become very important today, but honestly, it does not bother me. I can’t do drama. Have never done it. I can’t do and say things because they look or sound cool. People who know me will vouch for me as a person, but people who don’t can just have perceptions. And I won’t go and clear them. I am not a rebel. I just don’t prescribe to the rule. I feel, ultimately what will keep me here is my work and films. And thankfully, I am getting to do exactly what I want, staying the way I am.
You seem to have only men on your friends list. What about the women?
Well, I don’t know if this makes sense, but I have always been one of the boys. I always get along better with the guys. They have a lot more in their conversations and I like that. Am not judging anyone, just stating what I am comfortable with.
Of course it makes sense.
Well, imagine if I say this in a press conference, guess what’s the next headline? ‘Anushka can’t be friends with her female co-stars’. Meaning? ‘Anushka is insecure’ or ‘Anushka is jealous’ or well.. ‘Anushka is a snob’. So all the time, what I am doing is watching my words. Should I say this? Should I not? So then, it’s better that I don’t say anything. I don’t want to make statements and then clarify them. But you have given clarifications.
You came on Twitter to talk about the cosmetic changes to your lips .
Yes, that I did. You know, I was completely stumped by the reactions. I could have never imagined that people could be so vicious. The comments were so personal, and what they were insinuating could have very grave consequences. Forget all about the comments on looking good or bad, they said things like I had got a surgery done. That is serious. So, I had to speak up.
So what was it?
Look, surgery is a permanent procedure. What I did was just a temporary filler for an enhanced look. I also have to say that I did it for my look in Bombay Velvet. Not that I was asked to. It was my decision. On that particular day, I don’t know, maybe it didn’t look great on camera or perhaps people saw it for the first time so found it odd… I don’t know what happened. I just know that it didn’t go right. But I don’t regret it. It was a chance that I took.  And I learned from it. I came on Twitter to say exactly that. It was more to say, ‘you have a view, so do I’. And ultimately, it’s my business. So let’s be fair.
Considering you are so guarded about your personal life, why open up about it now?
Honestly? So that I don’t get asked these again. Look, here I am in a space where I am comfortable talking about things. I know things would be taken as is. But to answer these in press conferences time and again is really strange and disconcerting.
And is it true that you, too, are finally doing an item number?
Well, it’s a number all right. But really, it’s for Zoya’s (Akhtar, filmmaker) film. With the kind of films she makes, how ‘item’ can this ‘item’ number be? But it’s my first performance number for sure. I’m on stage and dancing for an audience. It has the required elements. So just as much of an item.
comment Note: By posting your comments here you agree to the terms and conditions of www.hindustantimes.com

Saradha scam: Kunal Ghosh discharged from hospital  taken back tojailPrint
Suspended TMC MP and prime accused in Saradha chit-fund scam Kunal Ghosh being taken out of the hospital after having neurological tests done following his suicide attempt in Kolkata on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Kolkata | Posted: November 16, 2014 9:15 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 9:20 pm
Suspended Trinamool Congress MP and Saradha scam accused Kunal Ghosh, who allegedly tried to  commit suicide in the Presidency Correctional Home and was admitted to state-run SSKM Hospital, was on Sunday discharged and
taken back to the jail.
Police sources said that the process of Ghosh’s transfer back to the Presidency jail was done amid tight security and in close coordination with the hospital authorities and security personnel.
READ: Kunal Ghosh survives suicide bid, but how did he get the pills?
Neither the hospital authorities, nor the Presidency Jail officials were available for comment.
On Friday, Ghosh allegedly tried to commit suicide by consuming sleeping pills in the jail, following which the jail superintendent, a doctor and a staff-on-duty were suspended .
Ghosh, who was jailed after his arrest last year, was admitted to the SSKM Hospital. His stomach was washed and samples were sent for forensic test.
Presidency Correctional Home authorities had filed an FIR at the Hastings Police Station against Ghosh for allegedly attempting to commit suicide. When he was produced before a city court on November 10, Ghosh had threatened to commit suicide if CBI did not take “proper action” against those allegedly involved in the chit fund scam within three days.

After 5-0 sweep  India extend its run attopPrint
Virat Kohli led his team to 5-0 victory against Sri Lanka on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Dubai | Posted: November 16, 2014 10:13 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 10:15 pm
World champions India have consolidated their top rank on the ICC ODI Team Rankings after sweeping the series against Sri Lanka, which concluded in Ranchi on Sunday.
India had started the series at the third position on 113 ratings points and has finished on 117 ratings points – two ratings points clear of South Africa, which is involved in a five-ODI series against Australia.
In contrast, Sri Lanka have retained their fourth position but slipped to 108 ratings after conceding three ratings points. It now hosts England in a seven-ODI series, leading Alastair Cook’s side by one ratings point.
However, with the Australia-South Africa series locked at one-all, both sides have an opportunity to regain the No 1 ranking.
But to make this happen, either side will have to win the remaining three matches. If Australia wins the series 4-1, then it will move ahead of India by a fraction of a point (0.2 ratings points).
South Africa will end on 118 ratings points and Australia on 111 ratings points if the series result is reversed.

Indian Super League: Delhi Dynamos poor runcontinuesKerala Blasters player celebrate their gola against Delhi on Sunday. (Source: ISL)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 9:47 pm
Delhi Dynamos extended their dismal run in the Hero Indian Super League as they lost by a solitary goal to Kerala Blaster to remain at the bottom of the table and put themselves in a difficult position to qualify for the semifinals on Sunday.
Second half substitute Penn Orji scored the all-important goal in the 61st minute as Kerala notched up their third win in nine matches to jump to third spot in the league standings.
Delhi made as many as half a dozen changes in their starting line up from the one that lost 1-4 against FC Goa in their last match here, with captain Alessandro Del Piero taking the field after sitting out of a match but it was same old story for the home side as they slumped to their fourth loss in the tournament at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium.
It turned out to be another disappointing day for Delhi as their frontmen continued with their inability to score
goals but Del Piero had his best day on the field since the start of the league.
 
The final pass or the final strike never came. Del Piero was at the thick of things with his free-kicks, corner kicks and a few fine passes but all went abegging.
Del Piero had flashes of his old trickery but did not result to any success. He sent Malsawmtluanga on the clear
with a fine pass in the 27th minute but the Indian midfielder failed to control the ball properly under pressure from a
defender.
The Italian legend was on the verge of scoring his first goal of the tournament but his running header in the 39th
minute off a fine cross from the right by Junker.
But, team-mate Adil Khan, who was also going for the ball, stood in the way and blocked it, unintentionally though.
The ball went towards the right corner and was cleared by defender Cedric Hengbart.
Needing a win to keep themselves in contention for a semifinal berth, both sides showed their attacking intent by
pushing the defensive line high and it was a battle of midfield superiority.
There was not much to separate between the two with clear chances not coming either way and Orji’s strike made the
difference to the disappointment of the sizable home supporters who turned up on Sunday.
With Sunday’s loss, their fourth in five matches, Delhi remained at the bottom of the eight-team league standings with seven points from mine matches. They have just tasted one win.
Kerala jumped to third spot with 12 points from nine matches, though they have played one more match than the six
remaining teams.
Delhi suffered a jolt by the halftime as key central defender Wim Raymaekers was injured and was replaced by Stijn
Houben.
The second half saw Delhi giving away spaces for Kerala attackers and the visitors struck just past the hour mark with in-form Penn Orji finding the target five minutes after coming on to the field in place of Raphael Romey in the 56th minute.
Souvik Chakraborty gave away the continued…

Cabinet expansion next week  talks with Sena possible: CM DevendraFadnavisMaharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis with Senior BJP legislator Haribhau Bagde after the latter was unanimously elected as Speaker in Maharashtra Assembly at Vidhan Bhavan in Mumbai on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Nagpur | Posted: November 17, 2014 12:05 am | Updated: November 17, 2014 1:12 pm
Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis on Sunday indicated that talks between the BJP and the Shiv Sena were still possible ahead of the next week’s Cabinet expansion.
Fadnavis, however, denied speculation that RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat would be mediating the talks to break the deadlock.
“Yes, the Cabinet expansion will take place next week. Talks with the Shiv Sena still possible,” the CM said.
The BJP has put onus to take a formal decision to join the government to the Sena leadership. While remaining non-committal about the Sena’s role, the BJP has decided to induct its own members in the Cabinet.
Ten new ministers would likely join the government. The state government can induct 42 ministers.
The BJP is still keeping at least 11 Cabinet berths on hold as it has indicated that if the Sena were to join the government, the party would consider it giving one-third representation. However, the BJP is not in favour of considering the post of Home Minister or Deputy Chief Minister.
Senior Shiv Sena leader Ramdas Kadam said, “ I would certainly be happy if the BJP and the Sena work together.” Minister for Education Vinod Tawde said, “The BJP has always maintained a cordial relations with the Sena.”
A source in the BJP disclosed, “After the vote trust, we have six months reprieve. The fact remains that we had not taken the support of the NCP during the confidence motion.”
The source said, “The BJP relying on the NCP’s support has affected its image… Moreso, as Fadnavis had led an aggressive poll campaign against corruption during the previous Congress-NCP government.”
At an internal meeting, the BJP strategists have a plan ready to refurbish its image. To begin with, the party would go to the masses to clarify that the BJP has not taken support from the NCP during the trust vote. The party would also reassure through its action that the government is determined to act against corruption of the former ministers.
Sensing aggression within the BJP, former deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar indicated, “We wonder how the minority government of the BJP will last full term.” A senior BJP functionary said, “A lot of things will become clear when the state government will start cracking the whip against the corruption of the previous government. Those who are questioning our credentials will change their opinions.”

RBI to invite applications for payment banks by November-end: Raghuram RajanBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 13, 2014 2:39 pm
The RBI will invite applications for setting up of small and payment banks – aimed to cater to small businesses and low income households – by the end of this month after putting in place final norms in this regard.
Besides, Reserve Bank is also planning to revamp its cash management system, Governor Raghuram Rajan said today.
Addressing micro-financiers at a Nabard function here, Rajan also said that microfinance borrowers should be protected from arbitrary loan pricing.
The RBI Governor also reiterated his reservation against repeated loan waivers by various state governments, saying the move distorts credit pricing, thereby also disrupting the credit market.
“There should be a reasonable ceiling on interest rate on loans from microfinance lenders for consumer protection,” he said.
Following the October 2010 crisis in the then undivided Andhra Pradesh that crippled the MFI sector, an RBI-appointed Malegam panel had suggested 26 per cent monthly cap on interest rates for the sector. This cap was notified by the central bank in April 2012.
The Andhra Pradesh crisis began after the state government banned recovery by any coercive means, following a string of alleged suicides by micro-credit borrowers.
Both Andhra Pradesh and Telangana governments have declared loan waivers for the farmers hit by cyclone Phailin last year.
While the Telangana government has given the mandated 25 per cent of the written off loan amount to the banks, Andhra Pradesh has not done it so far.
Banks have over Rs 1.3 trillion exposure to the farm sector in these two states.
 

Indias gold demand surges 39 pct to 225.1 tonnes in Q3: WGCBy: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 13, 2014 2:44 pm
India’s gold demand during July-September quarter this year shot up by 39 per cent to 225.1 tonnes against the overall third quarter demand in 2013 on rise in jewellery sales, says a World Gold Council report.
The overall third quarter demand in the country for 2013 stood at 161.6 tonnes, WGC Gold Demand Trends report showed.
Gold demand during the period in terms of value rose by 31 per cent to Rs 56,219.3 crore as compared to Rs 42,829.6 crore in the third quarter of 2013.
Similarly, the total jewellery demand was up by 60 per cent at 182.9 tonnes as against 114.5 tonnes in the same period last year.
The value of jewellery demand surged by 51 per cent to Rs 45,681.6 crore from Rs 30,346.5 crore in the third quarter of 2013.
“The rise in demand for gold jewellery during third quarter of 2014 reflects the unusual low base of third quarter of 2013 that was impacted by the introduction of a range of duty increases and restrictions.
“The third quarter can be viewed as normal for gold demand in spite of the unfulfilled expectations of a duty cut and policy relaxations from the new government,” WGC Managing Director (India) Somasundaram PR said here.
He further said that demand around Diwali reflected the general optimism seen in the country.
“It is now beyond debate that import restrictions have had little impact on demand for gold and yet have strengthened the unauthorised supply channels and seems at odds with the overall sentiment that defines the new government’s business approach,” he added.
 

Videocon launches Infinium Z50 Quad phone at Rs 7 349Videocon launches Infinium Z50 Quad smartphone at Rs 7,349
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 13, 2014  | 16:00 IST
Indian firm Videocon has launched Infinium Z50 Quad smartphone at Rs 7,349.
The firm has promoted it with the tag line 'slimmer than the slimmest' on its website. The phone is 8.2 mm thick.
The Android 4.4.2 (Kit Kat) smartphone has a five-inch qHD IPS capacitive touch screen.
Available in black and white colours, the phone sports a 1,900 mAH battery. The phone has a 2MP front camera and a 5MP rear camera.
Its camera has features such as auto focus with LED flash, flash, face detection, and panorama shot.
It has 8GB internal memory and 1 GB RAM. The memory is expandable up to 32 GB.
The firm claims the smartphone has practically unlimited phonebook and SMS memory.

Facebook launches  Say Thanks  video toolFacebook launches 'Say Thanks' tool for personalised video creation
IANS     New York   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 10:57 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Facebook has launched a personalised video creation tool in a bid to push more users to share videos on the social networking website.
The "Say Thanks", tool lets users put together personalised video cards combining preset themes and their own posts and photos.
This allows Facebook users to make shareable, customised videos to post on theirs and their friend's timelines.
To create the video, users just need to visit facebook.com/thanks and select a friend for Facebook to generate a preview of the video.
"You will have the ability to select a different theme and edit photos and posts that represent your friendship," the social network explained in a blog post.
After users finish making their video , they have an option of adding a personalised message before posting it to their own timeline, and tagging their friend.
The service is available on desktop and mobile in English, French, German, Indonesian, Italian, Portuguese, Spanish and Turkish.

ISSEI KATO / Reuters
The states that tax the poor the mostBy Jonnelle Marte November 13 Follow @jonnelle
Six states charge income tax bills larger than $200. (Credit: National Center for Children in Poverty at Columbia University)
The tax breaks available to the poor offer a lot more than extra spending money each spring. For some families, it can go a long way toward eventually lifting them out of poverty .
Such tax breaks are pretty standard, and pretty generous, at the federal level — to the point where they typically eliminate federal income tax liabilities for families in poverty. But some poor families still face substantial state income tax bills, depending on where they live, according to a report released by  Columbia University  this week.
In Alabama, for instance, a family of four living at the poverty level may pay $588 a year in state income tax, while a similar family in Illinois would pay $240, according to the study. “It’s surprising how much variation there is,” says Curtis Skinner, director of family economic security at the National Center for Children and Poverty at Columbia University.
The size of the state tax bill depended mostly on the income level at which states started charging income taxes. It also mattered whether states offered low-income families refundable tax credits such as the earned income tax credit. Researchers estimated what a family of four (with two parents and two kids) would pay in state income taxes with an annual income of $23,624, what was the poverty threshold in 2013. They did the same for a single parent household with two children earning the poverty threshold of $18,769.
Sixteen states charge taxes to families of four living at the poverty level. In six of those states, the tax bill was larger than $200. That may not seem like much for some families, but for a parent with two young children, it could be enough to cover a few months’ worth of diapers, Skinner says.
“To what some people may seem like a small amount of money,” he says, “the research is showing really makes a big difference to low income families.”
The study didn’t look at all the tax bills families might have to pay. Researchers looked only at state income tax and left out the nine states that don’t charge it: Alaska, Florida, Nevada, New Hampshire, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Washington and Wyoming. But families in those states may still be weighed down by other tax bills, such as sales taxes, Skinner says.
Eighteen states and the District of Columbia offered fully refundable earned-income tax credits in 2013, which means that families could receive the tax credit as part of their refunds, even if they didn’t owe any taxes. As a result, many states offer poor families tax refunds, similar to what they are likely seeing on their federal tax returns.
Some states are making changes to ease the tax burden faced by low-income families. For instance, more states are making the earned-income tax credit refundable, Skinner says. Some states can help low-income families by making other tax breaks such as the child and dependent care tax credit refundable, which could increase some families’ tax refunds, he says.
Currently, nonrefundable tax breaks are mostly enjoyed by higher income families, which benefit from the reduction in their tax bills, he says. In contrast, lower income families tend to have smaller tax bills and would benefit more from a refundable credit that can be added to their refunds, he says.
In the long run, states that offer these tax breaks could see a return on their investment. “Children who have this support are more likely to do better in school,” he says, “and more likely to be employed and to pay taxes in the future.”
Read More:

Breakthrough at WTO as India & US resolve food security impasse. Big win for India ahead of G20 meetLike this Message. Repost it to millions of investors.
Guest
At the G20, the audience is not interested in Putin or Obama. They want to hear the next world leader Narendra Modi !
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
10.30 AM Nov 14th

Making vocals versatileUpdated: November 14, 2014 12:57 IST
Making vocals versatile
Hyderali, Venmani Haridas and Sankaran Embranthiri. The dancer is Kalamandalam Gopi. Photo: H. Vibhu
The Hindu
Noted kathakali singer Venmani Haridas
TOPICS
classical dance
Experimentation, use of modern acoustics by past Kathakali maestros gave the art an impetus, writes K.K. Gopalakrishnan.
The history of Kathakali’s evolution shows how the vocal element has shifted from the actors to individual singers to make the acting and physical movements effortless. In Ramanattam, a predecessor of the art, the actors used to sing the verses.
Earlier in Kathakali, no importance was given to the melody or emotion because the singing was viewed as a supporting skill.
Nemmara Madhava Menon (1874-1913), perhaps, was the first to adapt elements of Carnatic music to enhance his presentations.
Venkitakrishna Bhagavatar (1881–1957), the first maestro of the Kerala Kalamandalam, introduced it to exercise students’ throats for proper raga bhava. Additional reforms were made by his disciples, especially Kalamandalam Neelakantan Nambeeshan (1920–1985).
Until the late 1950s, when musicians switched to the harmonium for pitch, which was later replaced by a manual sruti box, the verses were sung for the sruti of the bronze gong and the humming of the supporting singer. (These days the electronic sruti box is popular.)
The accompanying instruments - maddalam, chenda, gong and cymbal - produce varying srutis and often both the singers would also perform in different srutis. The unique aspect of the art lies in creating a sruti out of the mixture of incoherent ones.
Kathakali uses almost 75 ragas. While a few, such as Pati, Puranir and Indalam, are familiar in Kerala and alien to Carnatic music, the rest are the same although the application is different. Some names are similar and others different such as Maradhanasi (Dhanyasi in Carnatic music), Kamodari (Khambodi) , Erikkilakamodari (Yadukula Khambodi), Begada (Vekada), Usani (Huseni), etc. At the organic and application level, Kathakali renderings are more related to the sopana sangeetam as this temple music structure works well for it.
Thanks to the effort of the past musicians, Kathakali music has begun to enjoy an independent identity. The introduction of microphone was revolutionary. Till the 1960s, the vocalists practically struggled to make themselves heard over the sounds of chenda and maddalam.
Not only that, but singing in the open, foggy grounds at midnight during December-January also affected the throats of many performers.
Unnikrishna Kurup (1931-1988), who had served outside Kerala institutions such as in Santiniketan, introduced a few subtle Hindustani ragas. From the 1970s, Sankaran Embranthiri (1944-2007), Hyderali (1946-2007) and Venmani Haridas (1946-2005), experimented further with ragas in the name of bhava sangeetam, the music that aptly supported the emotional scenes. They sang passionately, which connected with audiences and focussed on plays known for their musical scores.
During the 1970-80 period, at the peak of Kurup’s career, the play ‘Keechakavadham’ was often arranged so that audiences could listen to his renderings of ‘Malini……’ (Pati ) and ‘Harinakshee……’ (Khambodi ).
Hyderali also experimented with Hindustani ragas such as Bhagyasri at a later stage in his artistic life. To accommodate him, a makeshift stage had to be constructed for which the outer walls of some of the temples in Kerala had to be demolished, as non-Hindus were not allowed inside the temples.
Embranthiri, on several occasions, stopped the percussionists from playing as his unaccompanied voice embellished his bhava sangeetam.
Understanding the limitations of his vocal chords, he intelligently exploited modern acoustics. Despite kidney and eye problems, and an amputation of a leg, he was commissioned by connoisseurs to sing, albeit in a wheel chair.
Kathakali today is attracting more people, thanks to a bunch of young and extraordinarily brilliant singers.
Kathakali padam recitals and jugalbandi with Carnatic music are also not uncommon, even outside Kerala, underlining its pan-Indian identity.
“The future of vocals in Kathakali, as supporting and independent traditions, is very bright”, reflects septuagenarian Kalamandalam Gopi, who now performs to the tune of fourth and fifth generation artists. Of late, some of the Carnatic musicians have also started singing verses from plays such as ‘Nalacharitam,’ in their kutcheris.
(The writer is Director, Centre for Kutiyattam, of the Sangeet Natak Akademi, New Delhi)

Bilaspur on the boil after sterilisation rowTweet
Thirteen women have died, dozens more remain in hospital and 20 are critically ill after the operations performed by a doctor accused of using rusty equipment in a dirty operating room, highlighting the dangers of the world's largest surgical contraception programme. (PTI Photo)
Woman wails inside an ambulance outside Chhattisgarh Institute of Medical Sciences (CIMS) hospital in Bilaspur. (Reuters Photo)
Relatives mourn death of women who died after she underwent sterilization surgeries, at Dhruv Ameri village in Bilaspur. (PTI Photo)
Villagers protesting outside the state health minister's residence against sterilization surgeries, in Bilaspur. (PTI Photo)
RK Gupta, the doctor who performed surgeries at a sterilisation camp in Chhattisgarh, at a police station in Bilaspur. At least 13 women died after the botched surgeries, triggering angry protests. (Reuters photo)
Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh went to the hospital to meet the ailing women whose conditions turned critical following the mass steralisation in Bilaspur. HT photo
A woman (R), who underwent a botched sterilisation surgery at a government mass sterilisation 'camp', is moved to Chhattisgarh Institute of Medical Sciences hospital from a district hospital in Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh. (Reuters)
Women who underwent botched sterilisation surgeries at a government mass sterilisation 'camp' receive treatment at a district hospital in Bilaspur, Chhattisgarh. (Reuters Photo)
Advertisement

Issei Kato / Reuters file
The Post Office Is About To Get Even SlowerUnions Fight Postal Service Plans To Shutter 82 Facilities, Lower Mail Standards
Posted:
Updated:
11/12/2014  5:59 pm EST
Letter carrier Sean Bailey moves boxes of mail to his van to begin delivery Monday, Dec. 5, 2011, at a post office in Seattle. The cash-strapped U.S. Postal Service said Monday it is seeking to move quickly to close 252 mail processing centers and slow first-class delivery next spring, citing steadily declining mail volume. The cuts are part of $3 billion in reductions aimed at helping the agency avert bankruptcy next year. The plant closures are expected to result in the elimination of roughly  | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
WASHINGTON -- With the U.S. Postal Service planning to shut down 82 more plants starting in January, postal worker unions and allies in Congress are pushing for a late-game moratorium on closures they say will weaken the agency and further slow down the mail.
The scheduled shutdowns are part of a consolidation plan the agency put in place in 2011 to help staunch its red ink, much of it the result of pre-funding mandates instituted by Congress. The closures go hand-in-hand with the postal service's plan to save money by reducing the service standards for certain mail categories, a strategy that's divided stakeholders in the postal reform debate .
According to the postal service, the plant consolidations would most affect first-class mail. Personal letters, bills and greeting cards that normally reach their destination overnight would take two days after the closures. Priority mail and packages won't be impacted, the agency said.
The upcoming consolidations are the next battleground in a larger debate over how to make the postal service viable in the future. With the agency facing a possible bankruptcy , the postmaster general, Patrick Donahoe, advocated for a number of cuts and reductions that postal unions found counterproductive.
The facility closures and lowered service standards, the unions argue, will ultimately hurt the agency rather than help it, leading to the proverbial "death spiral" as customers find the service slower and less reliable. The unions are gearing up for a round of protests on Friday , with nearly 150 demonstrations scheduled around the country.
"The mail has already been slowed down. We're trying to keep it from being slowed down even more," said Mark Dimondstein, president of the American Postal Workers Union, which represents 200,000 postal workers and retirees. "Two days will become three days and four days. It will be a slowing down of the mail throughout the country."
The postal service has said that it is responding to falling mail volumes -- particularly first-class, which has dropped by 53 percent over the last decade. The closures, it maintains, are necessary for the agency to regain its financial footing.
"The fact is that the US Mail is changing. There are now fewer letters and considerably more packages and the network must reflect that," Sue Brennan, an agency spokeswoman, said in an email. "With major volume decreases in First-Class Mail, the Postal Service has significant excess capacity in its network and cannot sit idly by and do nothing. The Postal Service firmly believes that the operational changes being implemented are necessary."
The postal service closed 141 processing facilities between 2012 and 2013 in the first phase of its consolidation plan. The second phase, originally slated for early 2014, was pushed back to this coming January. According to Brennan, all the consolidations together are expected to save $2.1 billion annually.
The consolidation of plants means that some facilities will lose jobs, while others gain them. An analysis by the publication Government Executive found that the postal service's plan will result in a net loss of 7,320 jobs .
The agency has said it needs to implement such cuts in order to contend with a long-term decline in first-class mail volume, the rising cost of wages and benefits for its workforce, and the funding mandates placed upon it by Congress. In a public letter to customers earlier this year, the postal service said the plant consolidations "will establish the low-cost, technology-centric delivery platform necessary to serve the mailing and shipping industry for decades to come."
Indeed, the agency has lost billions of dollars in recent quarters, and first-class mail has fallen off significantly in the Internet era. But most of the agency's financial losses stem from a requirement passed by Congress in 2006 that the postal service prefund retiree health benefits to the tune of more than $5 billion per year. The postal service is an independent agency that's funded through postage fees rather than taxpayer dollars, but Congress still oversees the agency and would have to legislate any major overhaul.
With mail rebounding during the economic recovery and package delivery growing with e-commerce, the postal service actually turned an operating profit recently when the retiree health costs are set aside. Unions have held up those financial improvements as evidence that service cuts would be damaging.
"With the Postal Service operating at a profit -- about $1.3 billion so far this fiscal year -- degrading service by closing processing plants and slowing the mail makes absolutely no sense," Fredric Rolando, president of the National Association of Letter Carriers, told HuffPost through a spokesman. "It would hurt Americans and their businesses, eliminate overnight mail, cost jobs -- and it would be destructive for USPS as well, because it would drive away mail and revenue."
There are a couple of ways the unions may win a reprieve on the facility closures.
The first would be if Congress includes a delay in a spending bill passed in the lame-duck session. In August, 51 senators sent a letter to leaders of the appropriations committee, urging them to insert such a moratorium into either an omnibus spending bill or a shorter-term continuing resolution. "As the postal network has been weakened, service delivery has suffered," they wrote.
Lawmakers did not put a moratorium into the continuing resolution passed in September, though they'll have to pass another funding bill by the time the current one expires in early December.
A moratorium has the support of most Senate Democrats. But it doesn't have backing from Sen. Tom Carper (D-Del.), who chairs the Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, which oversees the postal service, and who is one of the most influential voices in the postal reform debate. A Carper spokeswoman told HuffPost that the senator would only support a delay in facility closures as part of a larger postal reform bill -- something that's all but certain not to pass Congress by January.
Without a moratorium from lawmakers, the other hope for the unions is that the postal service itself will decide to postpone the closures like it did last year .
"Congress is not the only way this can be done ... it's also in the hands of postal management," APWU's Dimondstein said. "There's nothing that says the postmaster general has to move forward with any of this."
More:

Childrens  Day: Flying with kidsTweet
On the eve of Childrens' Day, underprivileged and special children were taken on a jet ride in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
On the eve of Childrens' Day, underprivileged and special children were taken on a jet ride in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
On the eve of Childrens' Day, underprivileged and special children were taken on a jet ride in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
On the eve of Childrens' Day, underprivileged and special children were taken on a jet ride in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
On the eve of Childrens' Day, underprivileged and special children were taken on a jet ride in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
On the eve of Childrens' Day, underprivileged and special children were taken on a jet ride in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
On the eve of Childrens' Day, underprivileged and special children were taken on a jet ride in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
On the eve of Childrens' Day, underprivileged and special children were taken on a jet ride in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
On the eve of Childrens' Day, underprivileged and special children were taken on a jet ride in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
On the eve of Childrens' Day, underprivileged and special children were taken on a jet ride in Mumbai. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
Sachin Tendulkar meets under-privileged and special kids during a event on the eve of Children's day at Santacruz domestic airport in Mumbai. After this, the kids where taken on an airplane ride. (Vidya Subramanian/HT photo)
Sachin Tendulkar meets under-privileged and special kids during a event on the eve of Children's day at Santacruz domestic airport in Mumbai. (PTI photo)
Advertisement

Everybody s Quitting Their Jobs Nowreddit
Quit your job, help the economy.
More than 2.7 million Americans, or 2 percent of all workers, quit their jobs in September, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported on Thursday. That's the highest "quit rate" since April 2008, when the Great Recession was still a toddler:
This is usually a good sign for the economy. People usually don't tend to tell their bosses to kiss off unless they either a) are trapped in an hypnotic state , Office-Space-style, b) have another job lined up, or c) at least feel pretty confident they can get another job.
Quitting one job for another can also be a good way to get a raise, so a higher quit rate could be a sign that wages are finally going to stop being so stagnant and terrible .
On the other hand, some of the highest quit rates were in low-wage industries like hotels, restaurants and retail. Hopefully those people are getting better-paying jobs, but the raises might not be all that large.
This is basically America now
And the BLS also reported that there are still two unemployed people for every one job opening in America -- much better odds than at the worst of the recession, when nearly 7 people were fighting for 1 job, but still not exactly a sign of the kind of super-tight labor market that could push wages higher.
This chart from the Economic Policy Institute, a think tank focused on labor issues, shows how the job-seekers-to-jobs ratio has risen and fallen in recent years:
Back in the good old days of 2000, there was roughly one job for every one unemployed person. That's just about job-market nirvana. We're not quite there yet.
More:

Michael Lewis: Extreme Wealth Is Bad for EveryoneBillionaires: Reflections on the Upper Crust by Darrell M. West (Brookings)
When I was fourteen I met a man with a talent for restoring a sense of fairness to a society with vast and growing inequalities in wealth. His name was Jack Kenney and he’d created a tennis camp, called Tamarack, in the mountains of northern New Hampshire. The kids who went to the Tamarack Tennis Camp mostly came from well-to-do East Coast families, but the camp itself didn’t feel like a rich person’s place: it wasn’t unusual for the local health inspectors to warn the camp about its conditions, or for the mother of some Boston Brahmin dropping her child off, and seeing where he would sleep and eat for the next month, to burst into tears. Kenney himself had enjoyed a brief, exotic career as a professional tennis player—he’d even played a doubles match on ice with Fred Perry—but he was pushing sixty and had long since abandoned whatever interest he’d had in fame and fortune. He ran his tennis camp less as a factory for future champions than as an antidote to American materialism—and also to the idea that a person could be at once successful and selfish. (You can still hear his quixotic suspicion of conventional success echoed in his grandson, the Olympic champion Bode Miller, who grew up on the campsite.) 
Jack Kenney’s assault on teenaged American inequality began at breakfast the first morning. The bell clanged early, and the kids all rolled out of their old stained bunk beds, scratched their fresh mosquito bites, and crawled to the dining hall. On each table were small boxes of cereal, enough for each kid to have one box, but not enough that everyone could have the brand of cereal he wanted. There were Fruit Loops and Cheerios, but also more than a few boxes of the deadly dark bran stuff consumed willingly only by old people suffering from constipation. On the second morning, when the breakfast bell clanged, a mad footrace ensued. Kids sprung from their bunks and shot from cabins in the New Hampshire woods to the dining hall. The winners got the Fruit Loops, the losers a laxative. By the third morning, it was clear that, in the race to the Fruit Loops, some kids had a natural advantage. They were bigger and faster; or their cabins were closer to the dining hall; or they just had that special knack some people have for getting whatever they want. Some kids would always get the Fruit Loops, and others would always get the laxative. Life was now officially unfair.
After that third breakfast, Kenney called an assembly on a hill overlooking a tennis court. He was unkempt and a bit odd; wisps of gray hair crossed his forehead and he looked as if he hadn’t bathed in a week. He was also kind and gentle and funny, and kids instantly sensed that he was worth listening to, and wanted to hear what he had to say. “You all live in important places surrounded by important people,” he’d begin. “When I’m in the big city, I never understand the faces of the people, especially the people who want to be successful. They look so worried! So unsatisfied!” Here his eyes closed shut and his hands became lobster claws, pinching and grasping the air in front of him. “In the city you see people grasping, grasping, grasping. Taking, taking, taking. And it must be so hard! To be always grasping-grasping, and taking-taking. But no matter how much they have, they never have enough. They’re still worried. About what they don’t have. They’re always empty.” Eyes closed, talking as much to himself as to us, he described the life of not-so-quiet desperation until every kid on the hill wondered what this had to do with the two-handed backhand. Then he opened his eyes and finished: “You have a choice. You don’t realize it, but you have a choice. You can be a giver or you can be a taker. You can get filled up or empty. You make that choice every day. You make that choice at breakfast when you rush to grab the cereal you want so others can’t have what they want.” And then he moved on to why no one should ever hit a two-handed backhand—while every kid on the hill squirmed and reddened and glanced at each other, wondering if everyone else realized what an asshole he’d been. 
On the fourth morning, no one ate the Fruit Loops. Kids were thrusting the colorful boxes at each other and leaping on the constipation cereal like war heroes jumping on hand grenades. In a stroke, the texture of life in this tennis camp had changed, from a chapter out of Lord of the Flies to the feeling between the lines of Walden. Even the most fantastically selfish kids did what they could to contribute to the general welfare of the place, and there was not a shred of doubt that everyone felt happier for it. The distinction between haves and have-nots, winners and losers, wasn’t entirely gone, of course. But it became less important than this other distinction, between the givers and the takers. 
Illustration by Mike Lee
It’s an obvious point: people’s behavior can be changed. But it’s largely absent from the growing and increasingly heated discussion about the growing gap between the very rich and everyone else. The grotesque inequality between the haves and the have-nots is seldom framed as a problem that the haves might privately help to resolve. Instead, it is a problem the have-nots must persuade their elected officials to do something about, presumably against the wishes of the haves. The latest contribution to the discussion comes from Darrell West, a scholar at the Brookings Institution. “Wealth—its uses and abuses—is a subject that has intrigued me since my youth in the rural Midwest,” West writes in the introduction to his study of billionaires. From his seat in Washington, D.C., he has grown concerned about the effects on democracy of a handful of citizens controlling more and more wealth. 
Drawing on the work of Thomas Piketty and Emmanuel Saez, West notes that the concentration of wealth in the top 1 percent of American citizens has returned to levels not seen in a century. One percent of the population controls a third of its wealth, and the problem is only getting worse: from 1979 to 2009 after-tax income for the top 1 percent rose by 155 percent while not changing all that much for everyone else. By another measure of inequality, which compares the income controlled by the top 10 percent with that of the bottom 40 percent, the United States is judged to come forty-fourth out of the eighty-six nations in the race, and last among developed nations. But the object of West’s interest is not the top 10 percent or even the top 1 percent, but the handful of the richest people on the planet—the 1,645 (according to Forbes) or 1,682 (the Knight Frank group) or 1,867 (China’s Start Property Group) or 2,170 (UBS Financial Services) people on the planet worth a billion dollars or more. (The inability to identify even the number of billionaires hints at a bigger problem: how little even those who claim an expertise about this class of people actually know about them.) 
Billionaires seems to have been sparked by West’s belief that rich people, newly empowered to use their money in politics, are now more likely than usual to determine political outcomes. This may be true, but so far the evidence—and evidence here is really just a handful of anecdotes—suggests that rich people, when they seek to influence political outcomes, often are wasting their money. Michael Bloomberg was able to use his billions to make himself mayor of New York City (which seems to have worked out pretty well for New York City), but Meg Whitman piled $144 million of her own money in the streets of California and set it on fire in her failed attempt to become governor. Mitt Romney might actually have been a stronger candidate if he had less money, or at least had been less completely defined by his money. For all the angst caused by the Koch Brothers and Sheldon Adelson and their efforts to unseat Barack Obama, they only demonstrated how much money could be spent on a political campaign while exerting no meaningful effect upon it. 
As West points out, many rich people are more interested in having their way with specific issues than with candidates, but even here their record is spotty. Perhaps they are having their way in arguments about raising federal estate tax; but the states with the most billionaires in them, California and New York, have among the highest tax rates on income and capital gains. If these billionaires are seeking, as a class, to minimize the sums they return to society, they are not doing a very good job of it. But of course they aren’t seeking anything, as a class: it’s not even clear they can agree on what their collective interests are. The second richest American billionaire, Warren Buffett, has been quite vocal about his desire for higher tax rates on the rich. The single biggest donor to political campaigns just now is Tom Steyer, a Democrat with a passion for climate change. And for every rich person who sets off on a jag to carve California into seven states, or to defeat Barack Obama, there are many more who have no interest in politics at all except perhaps, in a general way, to prevent them from touching their lives. Rich people, in my experience, don’t want to change the world. The world as it is suits them nicely. 
 
One trouble for a writer who wants to see the concentration of wealth at the very top chiefly as a political problem is that the politics of the very rich are not all that predictable or consistent. Obviously billionaires are not perfect reflections of the societies they inhabit, but it’s not insane to consider that their quirks and proclivities might be politically self-canceling, like the irrationalities of consumers in models in classical economics, and so might be assumed away. Even on the most obvious political issues, on which you might think all billionaires could agree, they are often at war with each other. In the end, West more or less concludes that even if money cannot directly rig the democracy, and buy political outcomes, the public’s perception that it can will lead to public cynicism, and corrode the democracy. That may be true. But it tells you something when someone sets out to write a book about the effects of rich people on politics and can’t do any better than that.
And it raises a bigger question: just how influential are the very rich? They are much in the news; often they own the news. But what are their deeper effects, as a class, on the rest of us? There was a time in America when a few rich people could elect a president (see McKinley), but they haven’t been very good at that lately. When was the last time a billionaire wrote a seminal book or achieved some dramatic scientific breakthrough or created some lasting work of art? Acts of the imagination are responses to needs and desires. The Knight Frank real estate agency’s report on billionaires describes them, nauseatingly, as people “driven by desire.” But desire, at least the profitable kind, is exactly what you lose when have more of everything than you could possibly need—especially when you are born with it. Ditto the willingness to suffer in the pursuit of excellence. The American upper middle class has spent a fortune teaching its children to play soccer: how many great soccer players come from the upper middle class? The more you think about the very rich, the more tempting it is to take the other side of this argument. True, people occasionally become very rich by changing the world as we know it, but in these cases money is the effect, not the cause. Mark Zuckerberg wasn’t rich when he created Facebook, and neither were Sergey Brin and Larry Page when they created Google. 
It’s just not as easy as it seems to use money to change the world, even when what you are doing with the money is giving it away. West has a good chapter on billionaires’ activist philanthropy but, as any billionaire will tell you, this is as much a story of frustration as of success. (Zuckerberg has discovered this in the Newark public schools.) The big surprise about money, in this age of grotesque and growing economic inequality, may be its limits. At any rate, it’s not at all clear how the swelling heap of money controlled by the extremely rich is changing us. 
 
What is clear about rich people and their money—and becoming ever clearer—is how it changes them. A body of quirky but persuasive research has sought to understand the effects of wealth and privilege on human behavior—and any future book about the nature of billionaires would do well to consult it. One especially fertile source is the University of California, Berkeley, psychology department lab overseen by a professor named Dacher Keltner. In one study, Keltner and his colleague Paul Piff installed note-takers and cameras at city street intersections with four-way stop signs. The people driving expensive cars were four times more likely to cut in front of other drivers than drivers of cheap cars. The researchers then followed the drivers to the city’s cross walks and positioned themselves as pedestrians, waiting to cross the street. The drivers in the cheap cars all respected the pedestrians’ right of way. The drivers in the expensive cars ignored the pedestrians 46.2 percent of the time—a finding that was replicated in spirit by another team of researchers in Manhattan, who found drivers of expensive cars were far more likely to double park. In yet another study, the Berkeley researchers invited a cross section of the population into their lab and marched them through a series of tasks. Upon leaving the laboratory testing room the subjects passed a big jar of candy. The richer the person, the more likely he was to reach in and take candy from the jar—and ignore the big sign on the jar that said the candy was for the children who passed through the department.
Maybe my favorite study done by the Berkeley team rigged a game with cash prizes in favor of one of the players, and then showed how that person, as he grows richer, becomes more likely to cheat. In his forthcoming book on power, Keltner contemplates his findings: 
If I have $100,000 in my bank account, winning $50 alters my personal wealth in trivial fashion. It just isn’t that big of a deal. If I have $84 in my bank account, winning $50 not only changes my personal wealth significantly, it matters in terms of the quality of my life—the extra $50 changes what bill I might be able to pay, what I might put in my refrigerator at the end of the month, the kind of date I would go out on, or whether or not I could buy a beer for a friend. The value of winning $50 is greater for the poor, and, by implication, the incentive for lying in our study greater. Yet it was our wealthy participants who were far more likely to lie for the chance of winning fifty bucks.
There is plenty more like this to be found, if you look for it. A team of researchers at the New York State Psychiatric Institute surveyed 43,000 Americans and found that, by some wide margin, the rich were more likely to shoplift than the poor. Another study, by a coalition of nonprofits called the Independent Sector, revealed that people with incomes below twenty-five grand give away, on average, 4.2 percent of their income, while those earning more than 150 grand a year give away only 2.7 percent. A UCLA neuroscientist named Keely Muscatell has published an interesting paper showing that wealth quiets the nerves in the brain associated with empathy: if you show rich people and poor people pictures of kids with cancer, the poor people’s brains exhibit a great deal more activity than the rich people’s. (An inability to empathize with others has just got to be a disadvantage for any rich person seeking political office, at least outside of New York City.) “As you move up the class ladder,” says Keltner, “you are more likely to violate the rules of the road, to lie, to cheat, to take candy from kids, to shoplift, and to be tightfisted in giving to others. Straightforward economic analyses have trouble making sense of this pattern of results.” 
There is an obvious chicken-and-egg question to ask here. But it is beginning to seem that the problem isn’t that the kind of people who wind up on the pleasant side of inequality suffer from some moral disability that gives them a market edge. The problem is caused by the inequality itself: it triggers a chemical reaction in the privileged few. It tilts their brains. It causes them to be less likely to care about anyone but themselves or to experience the moral sentiments needed to be a decent citizen. 
Or even a happy one. Not long ago an enterprising professor at the Harvard Business School named Mike Norton persuaded a big investment bank to let him survey the bank’s rich clients. (The poor people in the survey were millionaires.) In a forthcoming paper, Norton and his colleagues track the effects of getting money on the happiness of people who already have a lot of it: a rich person getting even richer experiences zero gain in happiness. That’s not all that surprising; it’s what Norton asked next that led to an interesting insight. He asked these rich people how happy they were at any given moment. Then he asked them how much money they would need to be even happier. “All of them said they needed two to three times more than they had to feel happier,” says Norton. The evidence overwhelmingly suggests that money, above a certain modest sum, does not have the power to buy happiness, and yet even very rich people continue to believe that it does: the happiness will come from the money they don’t yet have. To the general rule that money, above a certain low level, cannot buy happiness there is one exception. “While spending money upon oneself does nothing for one’s happiness,” says Norton, “spending it on others increases happiness.” 
If the Harvard Business School is now making a home for research exposing the folly of a life devoted to endless material ambition, something in the world has changed—or is changing. And I think it is: there is a growing awareness that the yawning gap between rich and poor is no longer a matter of simple justice but also the enemy of economic success and human happiness. It’s not just bad for the poor. It’s also bad for the rich. It’s funny, when you think about it, how many rich people don’t know this. But they are not idiots; they can learn. Many even possess the self-awareness to correct for whatever tricks their brain chemicals seek to play on them; some of them already do it. When you control a lot more than your share of the Fruit Loops, there really isn’t much doubt about what you should do with them, for your own good. You just need to be reminded, loudly and often.
Michael Lewis is a former senior editor of The New Republic and the author, most recently, of Flash Boys (Norton).
Loading Related Articles...

BSNL-Inmarsat satellite phone services set to take offBSNL-Inmarsat satellite phone services set to take off
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, November 13:  
Soon, India will get satellite-based telecom services with Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd signing a deal with London-based Inmarsat.
BSNL has already taken the required licence from the Department of Telecom and identified Ghaziabad for locating the satellite gateway. The gateway will be built at a cost of $8 million.
Through this deal, BSNL will be able to offer satellite-based broadband services using Inmarsat technologies in remote areas of the country. BSNL will also be able to meet the needs of the Defence forces.
Inmarsat is a global satellite services provider and was earlier offering services in India through Videsh Sanchar Nigam Ltd. But this service was practically shut down after the Government divested majority stake in VSNL to the Tatas. Since then the London-based firm has been scouting for partners in India.
US-based satellite services company Iridium had also written to the Telecom Ministry seeking an opportunity to be part of a project being undertaken by Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd to set up a satellite gateway in the country. Iridium has said that it should be given a chance to bid for the BSNL project.
(This article was published on November 13, 2014)
Related

Automakers launching more hydrogen fuel cell vehiclesAutomakers launching more hydrogen fuel cell vehicles
Caption Toyota FCV
Newspress USA
Toyota has been showing off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the international auto show circuit. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015.
Toyota has been showing off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the international auto show circuit. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015. (Newspress USA)
Caption Automakers look to hydrogen fuel cells
Bob Chamberlin, Los Angeles Times
"We would like to be still selling cars when there’s no more gas. And no one is coming to our door asking us to build a new electric car,” said Toyota’s Craig Scott.
"We would like to be still selling cars when there’s no more gas. And no one is coming to our door asking us to build a new electric car,” said Toyota’s Craig Scott. (Bob Chamberlin, Los Angeles Times)
Caption Toyota fuel cell vehicle
Toyota
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle, currently called the FCV, will launch in Japan in April 2015 and reach the U.S. market that summer.
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle, currently called the FCV, will launch in Japan in April 2015 and reach the U.S. market that summer. (Toyota)
Caption Toyota fuel cell vehicle
Toyota
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle will launch in Japan in April 2015 and come to the U.S. market that summer.
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle will launch in Japan in April 2015 and come to the U.S. market that summer. (Toyota)
Caption Toyota FCV
Newspress USA
Toyota shows off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the Tokyo Motor Show. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015.
Toyota shows off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the Tokyo Motor Show. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015. (Newspress USA)
Fuel cell vehicles have faster fill ups and longer range than plug-ins, but suffer lack of infrastructure.
Automakers get more credits for fuel cell cars than most battery electrics or plug-in hybrids.
Toyota, Honda, Hyundai, Ford, GM, Mercedes-Benz planning or testing fuel-cell vehicles.
Concerned about slow sales of electric cars and plug-in hybrids, automakers are increasingly betting the future of green cars on hydrogen fuel cell technology.
Even Toyota Motor Corp., maker of the popular Prius gas-electric hybrid, will use hydrogen instead of batteries to power its next generation of green vehicles.
"Today, Toyota actually favors fuel cells over other zero-emission vehicles, like pure battery electric vehicles," said Craig Scott, the company's national manager of advanced technologies. "We would like to be still selling cars when there's no more gas. And no one is coming to our door asking us to build a new electric car."
But even hydrogen's most ardent proponents agree the technology faces enormous hurdles. Like electric cars, hydrogen fuel cell vehicles are expensive. So is the infrastructure to refuel them.
With automakers testing and producing hydrogen fuel cell vehicles for 2015, what will it take to sway a marketplace just warming up to plug-in cars? ( Robert Duffer, Chicago Tribune )
Car companies have been slow to put hydrogen fuel cell vehicles on the market in part because of the lack of fueling stations. Operators of fueling stations, in turn, won't build more retail outlets unless they see more fuel cell car sales.
CHASING THE TAIL
Dan Poppe is among the few early investors in hydrogen stations. Wearing a hard hat and coveralls at his Burbank hydrogen station, Poppe chews on the edges of his mustache and worries about his future.
"In 2004, we were told we'd have 10,000 cars on the road [in California] by 2009 — but it was more like 200 cars," said Poppe, whose company, H2 Frontier, builds and operates stations in California. "Today, we still only have about 250. That's not going to do it."
8
Hydrogen fuel cell car makers and station operators like Poppe are subsidized by the state of California, which has set a goal of having 1.5 million zero-emission cars on the road by 2025. By the same year, the state wants 15% of all new cars sold to be zero-emission vehicles.
The category includes plug-in hybrids — which can travel a few miles on battery power alone before a gas engine kicks in — but it doesn't include traditional hybrids, which sell at lower cost and in much higher volumes.
Automakers are still working on electric car technology, and sales of battery electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles are up 30% this year over 2013. Still, total sales for zero-emission vehicles represent less than 1% of all cars nationally.
With automakers still struggling to produce a mass-market electric car, fuel cells increasingly look like the ascendant platform.
Hydrogen fuel cells are designed to power electric motors much the way batteries do. But instead of storing their energy in a battery pack that takes hours to recharge, the fuel-cell vehicles store hydrogen gas in an onboard tank that can be refilled in minutes, just like a gasoline tank.
Automakers get more credits for fuel cell cars than most battery electrics or plug-in hybrids. Despite the risks to early-adopter entrepreneurs, Poppe believes the future is hydrogen, because fuel cell vehicles address the two main shortcomings of today's battery-powered cars: short driving range and long recharging times.
Car companies agree.
0
Toyota will launch a fuel cell sedan in Japan early next year and in the U.S. by the summer . Hyundai Motor Co. started leasing a hydrogen fuel cell version of its Tucson sport utility vehicle this year. Honda Motor Co., which has spent years testing and leasing its FCX Clarity fuel cell vehicle, is preparing to launch a new fuel cell car sometime next year.
Ford Motor Co., which has put 1.3 million test miles on a fleet of 300 fuel cell vehicles over the last several years, recently cut a deal with Daimler, Renault and Nissan to develop a joint fuel cell technology that all four companies would share.
General Motors Co., which holds more patents for hydrogen fuel cell technology than any other carmaker, has similarly tested its HydroGen4 car. GM has partnered with Honda, its rival for the number of new fuel cell patents each year, to co-develop new automotive fuel cell applications.
The cars, when they arrive, won't come cheap. Toyota hasn't set a price for its car here, but when it's launched in Japan it will have a $68,000 sticker price — though buyers will qualify for a $20,000 government rebate.
We would like to be still selling cars when there's no more gas. And no one is coming to our door asking us to build a new electric car. - Craig Scott, Toyota's national manager of advanced technologies
Fuel cell cars have about the same range as many gas-powered vehicles — as much as 300 miles between fueling stops.
Most electric cars have a range of about 80 miles, though more expensive battery-powered cars — namely, the Tesla Model S — offer more than 200 miles of driving range. The Tesla Model S starts at $72,000 and can cost upward of $100,000 with the largest battery and luxury options.
In addition, fuel cell advocates point out that there are multiple sources of hydrogen, including hydro-electric or wind generators, nuclear power plants and natural gas.
NAYSAYERS
Elon Musk, chairman of the battery-electric vehicle manufacturer Tesla Motors Inc., derides hydrogen-powered cars and calls the science behind them overcomplicated.
"I usually call them 'fool cells,'" Musk told shareholders in June, having earlier dismissed the technology as "a load of rubbish."
Musk did not elaborate on specific weaknesses of hydrogen power or why he believes batteries will remain the dominant power source for zero-emission cars. A Tesla spokesperson declined requests for interviews with Musk or other executives.
Some observers caution that the appearance of competing technologies can be misleading . They say the need for clean transportation won't necessarily be found in a single system.
"If you have a fuel cell car, you have a longer range between visits to the gas station; but if you plug in at home, you never have to go to the gas station at all," said Don Anair of the Union of Concerned Scientists. "It's not an either-or proposition. It's a both-and proposition."
California is at the leading edge of subsidizing the fuel cell movement. The state Legislature passed AB 8 late last year, dedicating $20 million a year through 2023 to finance the construction of as many as 100 hydrogen fueling stations.
There are only 11 such stations in California now, though that number could increase to 40 stations within a year.
Automakers and station owners have little incentive to invest without government subsidies to develop cars and stations.
"Without government support, this is not a viable business," Poppe said.
Until the nascent technology goes mainstream, hydrogen station operators like Poppe — who's such a believer in the technology that he and his wife both drive Mercedes-Benz B-Class fuel cell cars — must wait for their businesses to become profitable. His Burbank station serves 10 or 20 cars a day; he needs at least 30 to recoup his investment.
Experts put the price of building a single hydrogen fueling station, excluding the cost of the real estate, at about $2 million. A single nozzle at his Burbank station costs $12,000, Poppe said.
That's expensive, but so are gasoline stations — along with the drilling and refining operations that feed them.

Fuel-cell cars for 2014Caption Toyota FCV
Newspress USA
Toyota has been showing off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the international auto show circuit. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015.
Toyota has been showing off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the international auto show circuit. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015. (Newspress USA)
Caption Automakers look to hydrogen fuel cells
Bob Chamberlin, Los Angeles Times
"We would like to be still selling cars when there’s no more gas. And no one is coming to our door asking us to build a new electric car,” said Toyota’s Craig Scott.
"We would like to be still selling cars when there’s no more gas. And no one is coming to our door asking us to build a new electric car,” said Toyota’s Craig Scott. (Bob Chamberlin, Los Angeles Times)
Caption Toyota fuel cell vehicle
Toyota
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle, currently called the FCV, will launch in Japan in April 2015 and reach the U.S. market that summer.
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle, currently called the FCV, will launch in Japan in April 2015 and reach the U.S. market that summer. (Toyota)
Caption Toyota fuel cell vehicle
Toyota
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle will launch in Japan in April 2015 and come to the U.S. market that summer.
Toyota's fuel cell vehicle will launch in Japan in April 2015 and come to the U.S. market that summer. (Toyota)
Caption Toyota FCV
Newspress USA
Toyota shows off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the Tokyo Motor Show. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015.
Toyota shows off its fuel cell concept vehicle at the Tokyo Motor Show. The FCV is set for production and sale in 2015. (Newspress USA)
Hydrogen fuel cell cars will be delivered to the marketplace by 2015. The cars emit only water vapor and have a 300-mile range, but can they compete with the plug-in vehicle industry? Read more>>>
This photo gallery is featured in these articles:

Avoid BPCL  HPCL  IOC: Lancelot D CunhaYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Avoid BPCL, HPCL, IOC: Lancelot D'Cunha
Published On:                  November 13, 2014                 | Duration: 6 min, 47 sec
Tweet
Lancelot D'Cunha, CEO of ITI Wealth Management, said the government has the power to regulate fuel prices or introduce new duties which can reduce their profits. Government policies can change the financials or valuations of the oil retailers and their valuations are also very high after the recent run-up in their shares, he added.

Sundaram Mutual on New fund LaunchYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Sundaram Mutual on New fund Launch
Published On:                  November 13, 2014                 | Duration: 9 min, 57 sec
Tweet
Sunil Subramaniam, deputy CEO, Sundaram Mutual speaks to NDTV about their new fund offering- World Brand Fund which opens on November 20. He says this fund will be an addition to existing India centered funds and will fulfill aspirations of investor to own global brands like Google and Apple.

RBI May Cut rates Next Year: Blackridge CapitalYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
RBI May Cut rates Next Year: Blackridge Capital
Published On:                  November 13, 2014                 | Duration: 8 min, 14 sec
Tweet
Arindam Ghosh, CEO, Blackridge Capital says there is a 50 per cent chance that RBI may cut rates in the first quarter of next year and a 75 per cent chance in the second quarter. Inflation coming off at a faster than expected speed would leave a lot of elbow room for the RBI, he added.

Volume Growth Led to Profit Surge in Q2: Minda IndustriesYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Volume Growth Led to Profit Surge in Q2: Minda Industries
Published On:                  November 13, 2014                 | Duration: 4 min, 58 sec

The Amazon and Hachette Feud Is Over  For NowAmazon and Hachette have finally reached an agreement .
The world's largest online retailer and the huge publisher have for months been in a nasty and at times public battle reportedly over the share each company would get for eBook sales .
The negotiations turned nasty and public when Amazon began slowing the shipping speeds on some Hachette titles and even refused to take pre-orders on others.
The issue has galvanized authors on both sides -- many big name published authors have come out in support of Hachette , while self published authors, many of whom have benefited from Amazon's platform, have been vocal supporters of the retailer.
The resolution is some welcome positive PR for Amazon, whose image has taken a beating in pop culture and the press throughout the dispute. The world's largest online retailer is gearing up the holiday season, the busiest time of year for shopping.
Amazon is under intense pressure from investors to increase profits. The company reported a loss of $437 million in the last quarter, and its stock is down more than 20 percent so far this year.
The terms of the deal were not disclosed, but both companies released statements from executives that indicate they are happy with the terms. The deal was reported earlier by The New York Times .
"This is great news for writers," Michael Pietsch, CEO of Hachette Book Group, said in a statement. "The new agreement will benefit Hachette authors for years to come. It gives Hachette enormous marketing capability with one of our most important bookselling partners.”
David Naggar, vice president of Kindle at Amazon, said in a statement that "We are pleased with this new agreement as it includes specific financial incentives for Hachette to deliver lower prices, which we believe will be a great win for readers and authors alike."
The new agreement won't go into effect until "early" 2015, but Pietsch said in a letter sent to authors ( via CNN's Brian Stelter ) that Hachette books "will be restored as soon as possible to normal availability on Amazon" and will be available for pre-order in time for the busy holiday shopping season.
More:

Regulation Isn t Keeping The Financial Industry From Making MoneyNo, Regulation Is Not Keeping Banks From Making Money
Posted:
Michael Bloomberg on Monday told a room full of bankers, traders, and investors that financial regulation was hurting their profitability and the U.S. economy. It was crowd-pleasing, but wrong.
In a speech at the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association's annual conference in New York,
Bloomberg criticized the Dodd-Frank financial reforms, saying , "if you reduce the risk, they can’t make the money, they can’t provide the financing that this country and world needs to create jobs and build infrastructure and all of those things." Bloomberg's anti-regulation comments were applauded by the crowd, BuzzFeed's Matthew Zeitlin reported .
But have banks really stopped being able to "make the money"? The answer is clearly no: As a percentage of total U.S. profits, the financial sector has bounced back remarkably well from the crisis it caused and the recession it triggered.
Banks' profits have been just under 30 percent of total corporate profits for the past few years, which is right about where they were during the mid-2000's boom. And this is still not a case of low profits elsewhere making banks' profits look relatively bigger. U.S. corporate profits have surged since the recession, and financial profits have gained back their pre-crises share. On an absolute basis, total U.S. financial profits are higher than they were before the crisis.
It might be true that, without financial reform, banks could be making even more money. But the idea that banks must make as much or more money than they currently do to help the U.S. economy grow, as Bloomberg suggested, is not supported by the facts.
For instance, JPMorgan Chase, the biggest bank in the U.S. by deposits, has been doing relatively less and less of the kind of lending that supports economic growth, precisely as its profitability has soared. In 2008, the bank lent out just under 75 cents for every dollar of deposits it took in. It is now lending out 56 cents on the dollar.
Though JPMorgan's deposits have ballooned, the most profitable investments for it to make with those deposits aren't loans, but instead things like credit derivatives . In fact, with interest rates as low as they are, more lending might mean lower bank profits.
Contrary to Bloomberg's comments, banks are making plenty of money in spite of new regulations. And they are increasingly making their profits from activities that have little to do with job creation and building infrastructure.
Reached by The Huffington Post, Bloomberg LP spokesman Ty Trippet declined to provide additional comment.
More:

1871 tech incubator announces partnership with Mexico City incubator0
For 1871, the partnership is an extension of a global strategy that has led to connections with startups and incubators in London, Tel Aviv and Ankara, Turkey. Tullman said the Global Cities Initiative pushed him toward a relationship with Mexico City that he said would have happened regardless. Tullman mentioned Brazil as another target for 1871 partnerships.
Tullman and 1871 COO Tom Alexander attended a launch event for Startup Mexico in Mexico City on Thursday morning. Startup Mexico offers about 35,000 square feet of facilities, including coworking space, for entrepreneurs, venture capitalists and corporate partners.
Tullman said major Mexican cities are ready for U.S.-based startups. He cited the prevalence of Uber in Mexico City and the popularity of social media there as evidence of a serious tech environment. Chicago companies could lead the Mexican tech industry, where technical skills lag the U.S., he said. He expects particular interest in Mexican inroads from 1871’s currency and payments-systems-focused startups.
Proximity to the U.S. also helps Mexico, Tullman said.
“People talk about India or China from a volume standpoint,” Tullman said. “But in terms of really being able to drop your business or solution into major economies, those are a lot more challenging than countries that are adjacent to the U.S.”

Tim Geithner: The 3 Words That Saved The Euro Were Ad-LibbedTim Geithner: The 3 Words That Saved The Euro Were Ad-Libbed
Posted:
"Whatever it takes:" Those three words, uttered by European Central Bank president Mario Draghi in July 2012, are some of the most important words ever spoken in Europe's history. They may have rescued the European monetary union.
And they were ad-libbed.
That's the claim of former U.S. Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner, according to a transcript of an interview he gave in preparation for his recent memoir . The transcript was obtained by the Financial Times , which first reported Geithner's claim about Draghi's remarks.
According to Geithner, when Draghi pledged in a speech in London to do "whatever it takes" to deal with Europe's sovereign-debt crisis and "preserve the euro," he was making it up as he went along. Draghi, Geithner says, hadn't cleared his line-in-the-sand statement with anyone before he made it and wasn't even sure what policies he could or would use to back it up.
Geithner, through a spokeswoman, declined to comment to The Huffington Post. An ECB representative also declined to comment.
This is, of course, only Geithner's version of events. The Telegraph's Ambrose Evans-Pritchard is skeptical . Evans-Pritchard writes that Draghi did consult with German officials –- the European Union's de facto center of gravity –- before announcing the bond-buying program that backed up his words a month later. A senior official at the German Finance Ministry even bragged a few weeks before Draghi's comments that “nothing flies in the eurozone right now without our permission.” That would seem to include ultimatums promising to ensure the integrity of the European Union itself.
The German Finance Ministry did not return a request for comment.
The German official's bluster could be just that, but there is a lot of truth to it. One of the main factors, if not the main factor, constraining Draghi's response to the European crisis was Germany's refusal to offer any aid to countries like Greece and Italy without harsh, often self-defeating terms.
If Geithner is correct, if Draghi really did spring his "whatever it takes" line without consulting the Germans, then Draghi was very clever to do so. It put the Germans in a box, forcing them to accept a public statement they likely would not have agreed to had it been pre-negotiated.
Things in Europe would have gotten much, much worse if Draghi had not made his statement. And Draghi likely knew that  there was a good chance he could make things better simply by making that statement, even if he had no plan to back up his words at the moment he uttered them.
Draghi's statement, and the bond-buying policy that followed , had a huge impact on the stability of European debt markets. Before, Spanish ten-year bonds were hitting yields of almost 8 percent . They've been dropping ever since and are now just above 2 percent .
The bond-buying plan Draghi used to back up his statement, known as Outright Monetary Transactions, or OMT, has worked despite never being enacted. Simply announcing that it existed -- not long after declaring that whatever the central bank did, "believe me, it will be enough" -- was enough to calm markets.
Draghi understood that saying "whatever it takes" would force recalcitrant policy makers to act and markets to recalibrate. It's what academics call a "performative utterance:" Saying it makes it so. It was smart, close-to-spontaneous politics. And it likely saved the European Union.
More:

Isis declares its own currencyIsis declares its own currency
Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
©AFP
Isis controls much of northern Iraq
Its self-declared state has no functioning ministries, nor is it recognised by any government in the world; it is also under sustained daily air attack by the US and its allies. But none of this has prevented the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant from declaring plans to mint its own money.
A statement on Wednesday by the al-Qaeda offshoot known as Isis, announced the launching of its new currency as a way to separate its self-declared proto-state encompassing northwest Iraq and northeast Syria from the “tyrannical financial system imposed on Muslims”.
More
Liquidators sue Daiwa over Sanea funds
The group also released a 17-minute audio recording purported to be of their leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, in an apparent effort to dispel rumours that he had been killed in recent air strikes. In the recording he referred to recent events that took place after announcements by the US of his presumed death – such as a pledge of allegiance by an Egyptian jihadi group. 
“Fighting is obligatory upon every individual,” he said in speech that called for new recruits and lambasted western countries and their Arab allies, especially the oil-rich Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. “Jihad is the peak of deeds and the best of Islam.”
The speech also claimed that western powers “feared Muslims’ wealth and goods of our land, which they plunder”.
The recording did not disclose plans for the new currency but Abu Bilal al-Homsi, the nom de guerre of a Syrian activist who serves as a liaison to Isis, confirmed the veracity of the document announcing its launch. “This is a strike against the Crusader coalition, and it’s a victory that the Islamic State has an economy and is self-sufficient,” he said. 
But despite seeking to distance itself from the international economy, the new currency’s underpinnings may make Isis’s economy even more heavily dependent on global fluctuations than most, specifically on precious metal and commodity prices.
Where are they going to get the gold and copper? Isis will have to confiscate more property through theft and the spoils of war
- Steven H. Hanke, Johns Hopkins University
The highest-denominated 5 dinar coin is set to contain 21.25 grams of 21 carat gold, worth about $694, while its lowest-denominated 10 flous coin would contain 10 grams of copper and be worth about 7 cents. The proposed silver dirham coins would range in value from 45 cents to $4.50 at current rates.
“The purchasing power of the money they’re emitting will be wholly dependent on what the purchasing power of gold, silver and copper are,” said Steven H. Hanke, professor of applied economics at Johns Hopkins University. “The important thing is: where are they going to get the gold and copper? Isis will have to confiscate more property through theft and the spoils of war.”
Although the jihadis would not necessarily need a central bank if the coins were made of gold and silver, the statement described how the currency’s introduction would be overseen by a leadership council in the “house of finance” and approved by Al-Baghdadi.
Isis supporters, many of whom are frustrated at the group’s stalled progress and recent losses on the battlefield, took to social media in a torrent of support for the group.
The announcement also provoked derision. Karl Sharro, a UK-based Lebanese comedian and architect posted an illustration of a pigeon clutching a letter in its beak. “Along with its new currency, Isis today revealed its new postal service,” he wrote on Twitter.

Fifa in turmoil over Qatar World Cup bidFifa in turmoil over Qatar World Cup bid
Roger Blitz in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/391e3272-6b17-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

13 letters every parent  every child should read on Children s DayAhead of Children’s Day, in the spirit of Jawaharlal Nehru’s letters to his daughter, we asked artists as well as ordinary people to write to their children
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 9, 2014 1:00 am | Updated: November 10, 2014 5:04 pm
Ahead of Children’s Day, in the spirit of Jawaharlal Nehru’s letters to his daughter, we asked artists as well as ordinary people to write to their children — about their hopes for their sons and daughters, and their dream for the country.
From a theatre personality to her son
‘Look at India through a traveller’s eyes’
(Courtesy: Sanjna Kapoor)
Dear Hamir,
I write this letter to you in the hope that one day you shall grow up to know and love India, this vast country we call home.  READ MORE
From a poet to his daughter (Gulzar to Meghna)
Gulzar and his daughter Meghna
My Graduate Girl,
You have already broken the record of your father’s qualification. Congratulations! You are on a plateau now.
From a mother to her son
‘I know you are afraid of nothing now’
Mother-son
Dear Babu,
Every day, my day begins at six with a cup of tea that I make for myself. Whenever you are in town, I go back to stare at your face. You sleep peacefully, with your lips parted and eyes half open. READ MORE
Tina Rajan and Ria
From a single mother to her daughter
‘You are loved, no matter what’
My darling daughter,
I am glad for this moment when I can sit down to write to you. Life is moving so fast. It was just a little over a decade ago. I was sad and alone, and I prayed for a blessing and found you in my arms!  READ MORE
(Courtesy: Lalita Iyer)
From a teacher to her son
‘A hug has no religion and neither does a kind word’
Dear Re,
I never thought I would be talking to you about stuff like this in an open letter, that too in a national daily, but, maybe, it’s best this way. I have, over the past few years, been queasy about a few things and what they mean to me…  READ MORE
From a construction worker to her daughter
‘Always have the courage to say no’
Dearest Neha,
I still remember the day when you were born — not the exact date though — it was Ram Navami. We have celebrated seven Ram Navamis since.  READ MORE
From a writer to her readers
‘I hope words open the world for you’
Paro
My dear readers,
I have a confession to make. As a child, I was not a reader. Picking up a book for “fun” was like hitting the pause button on life. Basically, it was something that had to be done as part of our family time.  READ MORE
From a property agent to his daughter
‘I never imagined you would achieve so much’
Dear Anjali,
Ever since you came into our life, our happiness has known no bounds. The day you were born, we began dreaming of an education for you. But there was a shadow of fear. Our parents didn’t have the means to give us an education. Would we be able to give you one?  READ MORE
From a cartoonist to his daughter
From a musician to her son
‘It is the search which will give you strength’
Dearest Aarjan,
Writing to you in November with the fan whirring above my head. Sheetkaal kakhon ashbe Suparna? When will winter come? A poet of this city had once asked his friend. I think those who have grown up in this city crave its winter in a way that we who have known other winters in other lands will not understand or feel.  READ MORE
From a cricketer to his children
‘You are my most valuable gifts’
(Source: Getty Images)
Dear Sarvajit and Achinthya,
I’ve chosen to be a little formal as I want to talk about life and its challenges on this Children’s Day. So, instead of typing on the computer, I’ve picked up a piece of paper and a pen to communicate. Hope this letter will stand you in good stead.  READ MORE
From a Poet to his daughter
‘The capacity for accommodation is our strength’
(Courtesy: K Satchidanandan)
Dear Sabitha,
I am writing this letter to you not exactly from a prison as Jawaharlal Nehru did when he wrote his letters on world history to his daughter, but from a country that threatens to turn into a prison for the lovers of freedom and those committed to democratic openness and cultural plurality. READ MORE
A letter from an artist to her son
‘You make us recognise our strengths and help fight our fears‘
Dear darling Ahaan,
You’re turning nine in a few days. When I asked daddy if you would be too embarrassed to receive this note from me, he told me to go ahead and write what I feel. You perhaps know that you have brought us more happiness than we could have ever wished for. READ MORE
The story appeared in print with the headline Sent a Letter

Phone use may lead to brain cancerBrain tumour rates were three times more among people, who spoke on cell or cordless phones after more than 25 years
By: Indo-Asian News Service | London | Posted: November 14, 2014 12:01 pm
The longer someone talks over the phone – in terms of hours and years – the more likely is he/she to develop glioma, a deadly form of brain cancer, says a new study.
Brain tumour rates were three times more among people, who spoke on cell or cordless phones after more than 25 years than those who did not use them, the findings showed.
“The risk is three times higher after 25 years of use. We can see this clearly,” Lennart Hardell, lead researcher and oncologist from University Hospital in Orebro in Sweden was quoted by Daily Mail as saying.
Swedes who talked on cell phones for over 25 years had three times the risk of one type of brain cancer, compared with people who used those phones for under a year.
For the study, Lennart Hardell and his colleague Michael Carlberg matched 1,380 patients with malignant brain tumours to people without such tumours.
They also compared their phone use.
People who reported using cordless or mobile phones for 20 to 25 years had higher risk of being diagnosed with glioma as compared with those who reported using them for less than a year, the study found.
However, no link was found between wireless phones and malignant brain tumours besides glioma, pointed out the study.
A World Health Organization (WHO) panel of 31 scientists from 14 countries classified mobile phones as ‘possibly carcinogenic’ in 2011.
The study appeared in the journal Pathophysiology.

5 things to know about FB s new privacy policyFive things to know about Facebook's new privacy policy
Barbara Ortutay     New York   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 13:50 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Facebook is once again trying to simplify its privacy policy, largely to address criticisms that it's too complex and lengthy for the average user.
Laid out with illustrations into short subsections, the new policy explains what types of information Facebook collects and how it uses the data. The new policy is 70 per cent shorter than the old one.
Many of the changes are cosmetic, designed to make the policy easier to digest. Still, it helps to go through it to get an idea of all the things Facebook knows about you. Users have until November 20 to comment on the proposed changes or ask questions. A finalised version will take effect soon after that.
Here are five things to remember about Facebook's data policies.
- LOCATION, LOCATION
Facebook only recently began allowing businesses to advertise to users based on their specific location. Previously, ads were targeted based on the "current city" listed on the profile. Both the old policy and the new one note that the company can access your location information based on your smartphone's GPS information. The new policy points out that Bluetooth and Wi-Fi signals can also reveal device locations.
Besides that, Facebook can also collect information from the photos you share on the site, including where they were taken.
- BEYOND FACEBOOK
Facebook doesn't just track what you do on its site. It also collects information about your activities when you're off Facebook. For example, if you use Facebook to log in to outside websites and mobile apps, the company will receive data about those. It also gets information about your activity on other businesses it owns, such as WhatsApp and Instagram, in accordance with those services' privacy policies.
- AD TARGETING
Unless you decline targeting, or opt out, companies whose websites you visit off Facebook can also show you ads on Facebook. For example, a website can use browser cookies to record who visited it. It can then ask Facebook to show ads to these visitors - both on and off Facebook. If you want to opt out in the US, you can visit this website: http://aboutads.info/choices
- ALL EYES ON YOU
Everything is fair game. Facebook explains it best: "We collect the content and other information you provide when you use our Services, including when you sign up for an account, create or share, and message or communicate with others." Plus, Facebook says it also collects information about how you use Facebook, "such as the types of content you view or engage with or the frequency and duration of your activities."
- SHOPPING SPREE?
Facebook is testing a tool to let people buy things directly through its site. If you decide to do this, Facebook will collect information about your transaction, including your credit card number and billing and shipping address.
(Associated Press)

Facebook s new privacy policy  in five easy pointsA man outside an office on the Facebook campus in Menlo Park, California. (Source: AP)
By: AP | Posted: November 14, 2014 1:53 pm | Updated: November 14, 2014 2:27 pm
Facebook is once again trying to simplify its privacy policy, largely to address criticisms that it’s too complex and lengthy for the average user.  Laid out with illustrations into short subsections, the new policy explains what types of information Facebook collects and how it uses the data. The new policy is 70 percent shorter than the old one.
Many of the changes are cosmetic, designed to make the policy easier to digest. Still, it helps to go through it to get an idea of all the things Facebook knows about you.
Users have until Nov. 20 to comment on the proposed changes or ask questions. A finalized version will take effect soon after that.
Here are five things to remember about Facebook’s data policies.
—> LOCATION, LOCATION
Facebook only recently began allowing businesses to advertise to users based on their specific location. Previously, ads were targeted based on the “current city” listed on the profile. Both the old policy and the new one note that the company can access your location information based on your smartphone’s GPS information. The new policy points out that Bluetooth and Wi-Fi signals can also reveal device locations. Besides that, Facebook can also collect information from the photos you share on the site, including where they were taken.
—> BEYOND FACEBOOK
Facebook doesn’t just track what you do on its site. It also collects information about your activities when you’re off Facebook. For example, if you use Facebook to log in to outside websites and mobile apps, the company will receive data about those. It also gets information about your activity on other businesses it owns, such as WhatsApp and Instagram, in accordance with those services’ privacy policies.
—> AD TARGETING
Unless you decline targeting, or opt out, companies whose websites you visit off Facebook can also show you ads on Facebook. For example, a website can use browser cookies to record who visited it. It can then ask Facebook to show ads to these visitors — both on and off Facebook. If you want to opt out in the U.S., you can visit this website: http://aboutads.info/choices
—> ALL EYES ON YOU
Everything is fair game. Facebook explains it best: “We collect the content and other information you provide when you use our Services, including when you sign up for an account, create or share, and message or communicate with others.” Plus, Facebook says it also collects information about how you use Facebook, “such as the types of content you view or engage with or the frequency and duration of your activities.”
—> SHOPPING SPREE?
Facebook is testing a tool to let people buy things directly through its site. If you decide to do this, Facebook will collect information about your transaction, including your credit card number and billing and shipping address.

SBI stock rises to 5-month high on Q2 earningsSBI stock rises to over five-month high on Q2 asset quality
Abhishek Vishnoi        Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 14:47 IST
The State Bank of India stock extends gains up 3 per cent on  bank's Q2  earnings. It has touched the highest intraday level since May 26.
Better-than-expected asset quality in Q2 helps, say traders. Fresh slippages stood at Rs 7,700 crore ($1.25 billion) compared with Rs 9,932 crore in Q1, the company said. Also, fresh restructuring at Rs 3450 crore compared with Rs 5702 crore in Q1, the company says.
The lender reported a 30.5 per cent increase in profit, but lagged estimates as provisions for bad loans increased.
(1 US dollar = Rs 61.6400)
(Reuters)

Express recipe: How to make Raw Tomato Vegetable FryWritten by Ashima Goyal Siraj | Angola | Posted: November 14, 2014 3:52 pm
 
I’ve recently caught the bug of growing an apartment garden and while researching I came across a lady who does it. I went to her house to get tips on what kind of plants can I grow and how to compost at home etc. When I was about to leave she gifted me 8 green raw tomatoes right from her garden! I had never used raw tomatoes before. She just told me to use these lovely green tomatoes as a vegetable and not as gravy base we normally use the red tomatoes for. “you will figure out the rest” is what she said and I did. Here is a super quick recipe for raw (green) tomato vegetable fry or Kachche (hare) tamatar ki subzi.
Raw Tomato Vegetable Fry
Preparation Time: 5 mins| Cooking Time: 6-7 mins| Serves 2
Ingredients
7-8 green raw tomatoes, chopped in large chunks
1 onion, chopped lengthwise

Asus launches 3 new Transformer devices starting at Rs 19 999Asus has launched the Transformer Flip Book, Transformer T200 and Transformer Pad TF103.
By: Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: November 14, 2014 4:12 pm | Updated: November 14, 2014 4:29 pm
Asus has announced three new additions to its Transformer series of devices today. The new additions include- Asus Transformer 15.6-inch Flip Book with 360-degree rotating touchscreen, Transformer T200 2-in-1 laptop with 11.6-inch tablet and  Transformer Pad TF103 tablet.
The Transformer Flip Book Flip is available with Intel Core i3 and i5 processors at Rs 47,999 and Rs 53,999 respectively. The Flip Book TP550LD is 15.6-inch Windows 8.1 laptop which comes with a hinge design that enables the screen to be set at any angle between zero and 360 degrees. It comes with NVIDIA GeForce NV 820M discrete graphics with 2GB of video memory.
Asus Transformer Book T200 is a 11.6-inch Windows tablet which comes with a detachable keyboard. The Transformer Book T200 features Intel Z3775 Bay Trail processor and is priced at Rs 35,999.
The Asus Transformer Pad TF103 is a 10.1-inch mobile entertainment tablet with Intel Atom Z2560 processor (up to 1.6GHz, dual-core) priced at Rs 19,999.
Specs:

Sensex logs fresh closing peak as inflation fallsMarket update: Sensex, Nifty log fresh closing peak as WPI inflation falls
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 17:29 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex surged to a new high, rising over 106 points to close at 28,046.66 after easing wholesale (or WPI) inflation, which cooled to a 5-year low in October, strengthened hopes of a rate cut while good earnings from bluechips like SBI boosted the sentiment.
Besides, robust buying by overseas investors and tumbling crude oil prices supported the strong momentum in stocks.
The 30-issue BSE barometer  opened on a strong footing and continued its upward march to reclaim the key 28,000-mark and hit the day's high of 28,093.23 as buying picked up.
Brokers said, a firming trend at the other Asian markets and a mixed opening in Europe too influenced trading sentiments.
The broader 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty spurted by 32.05 points (or 0.38 per cent) to close at new high of 8,389.90, surpassing itd previous closing peak of 8,383.30 hit on November 12.
After some profit-booking at record levels, the gauge settled at 28,046.66 to log a fresh record closing level, clocking a net gain of 106.02 points (or 0.38 per cent) over its previous close on Thursday .
Stock market indices have been hitting new highs after the government announced a slew of reform measures to boost the economy amid positive economic data.
Driven by softening prices of fuel and food items, the WPI inflation cooled to a five-year low of 1.77 per cent in October raising hopes of a rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India in December to boost economic growth .
"WPI for October is one of the lowest in recent years... Focus would again shift to global markets, progress on reforms and RBI monetary policy ," said Sanjeev Zarbade, Vice President- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Public sector lender State Bank of India (SBI) reported a 30.5 per cent increase in net profit at Rs 3,100.41 crore for the September-quarter, pushing its shares up by 2.55 per cent .
Among metal stocks, Hindalco shares surged 3.59 per cent.
Other gainers that lifted indices to new highs included Coal India (CIL), GAIL, Bajaj Auto, HDFC Bank, Hero MotoCorp, Infosys, TCS, ICICI Bank and RIL. Of the 30 Sensex scrips, 21 closed up.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 690.61 crore on Thursday.
Sectorally, the BSE Metal index rose the most by 2.53 per cent, followed by Realty (2.35 per cent), Oil&Gas (1.06 per cent), Banking (0.72 per cent) and Auto (0.62 per cent) among others.
In line with bullish sentiment, both mid- and small-cap indices ended 0.52 per cent higher.

7 things you can do now to lower next years tax bill(Photo from Flickr used under Creative Commons license from user 401(K) 2012 )
Tax season is coming up, and it isn’t expected to be an easy one.
For the first time, people will have to report their health insurance status on their tax returns. As it happens every couple of years, there are a slew of tax breaks that will go away next year if Congress doesn’t act to renew them. The whole thing is enough to potentially push back the start of the tax filing season — not to mention delay tax refunds.
Most taxpayers prefer to have someone else handle the math and the paperwork. But even if you’re working with a pro, there are things you should get in line now to minimize your tax hit, and maximize your refund, come April. “The important thing is to see how you’re doing,” says Jackie Perlman, principal tax research analyst at the Tax Institute at H&R Block Tax Institute.
1. Estimate your tax bill. Your accountant might help you do this, but if you don’t have one you can use online estimators offered by tax preparation companies like TurboTax and H&R Block . This way you’ll know to start saving now if you have a big tax bill due in April, says Melissa Labant, tax specialist at the American Institute of CPAs in Washington. It also gives you time to make tweaks so that you can reduce how much you owe.
2. Max out your retirement accounts. An easy way to lower your tax bill is to put more money into a tax-deferred retirement account. You might be able to contribute a little more than usual into your 401(k) in December than you did in earlier months, as long as you aren’t going over the annual contribution limit of $17,500. (People age 50 and up can save an additional $5,500 in catch-up contributions. And those contribution limits are going up by $500 each next year.) Savers can make IRA contributions for this year up until April 15, but they may not be deductible if they also have access to a workplace retirement account.
3. Write off your investment losses. This year is turning out to be a pretty good one for stocks so far, but that doesn’t mean that all stocks are gaining. If you are planning to sell some stocks that have gained in value, you may also want to sell shares that have dropped in price so that you can offset those gains, Labant says. You can then write off an additional $3,000 in investment losses to offset your taxable income, she says. But don’t sell investments just to change your tax bill, she says.
4. Give more to charity. If you have a cause you care about, the end of the year can be a good time to make another donation, says Sara Montgomery, philanthropic services specialists for Wells Fargo Private Bank. By now, you have a better sense of what your income will be for the year and if you can afford to give a little more, she says. If you’ve also estimated your tax bill, you might have a sense of whether giving a little more might make a difference on your tax return.
There are plenty of ways to do this, of course. Aside from writing a check, some people might think about donating appreciated stock directly to an organization, Montgomery says. Then it’s up to the group to sell the stock or to keep it. You would likely get to deduct the market value of your holdings up to 30 percent of your adjusted gross income, she says.
5. Prepay some expenses. Some people might get more out of certain tax deductions by prepaying some of next year’s expenses this year. For instance, if you pay January’s mortgage payment in December, you can increase the size of your mortgage interest deduction, Perlman says. The same goes for prepaying medical bills and prescriptions if you’re planning to deduct medical expenses. But don’t forget to keep next year in mind, she warns. If you got a promotion and a raise at the end of the year, it might be better to save those bigger deductions for next year when you’ll be earning more and could face a bigger tax bill, Perlman says.
6. Check your health insurance. People who bought health insurance on the new state and federal insurance exchanges will receive a new tax form this year called the 1095-A, says Lisa Greene-Lewis, an accountant and tax expert with TurboTax. These forms should lay out how much a person paid in premiums and if they received a subsidy tax credit to help lower insurance costs, she says. People who didn’t have insurance this year will need to pay a penalty or show that they were exempt from having coverage this year.
Some exemptions will be automatic, but some people may need to show if they faced a financial hardship, Greene-Lewis says. People who went without coverage may want to sign up for a plan during this open enrollment period, which starts Nov. 15 and runs through Feb 15, to avoid having to pay a penalty next year. (The penalty is jumping to a minimum of $325 from $95 this year.)
7. Max out pre-tax accounts. At this point, you might be rushing to buy contact lenses or new glasses to spend down the remaining cash in your health flexible spending account — or the money is long gone. If you are dealing with an FSA, find out if your employer offers a grace period for when the money can get spent. Some companies will give you until March of next year to use the cash and others will let you roll over up to $500 into next year. For a health savings account , which can get rolled over from one year to the next, you might want to make a last-minute contribution this year as a way to reduce your taxable income, Perlman says. Wherever you stand, try to learn from this year to adjust how much you put into the account next year. It could lead to hundreds, if not thousands of dollars in tax savings.
Read More:

What was fake on the Internet this week: drunk girl video  Macaulay Culkin  and a crazy pandemic in ArizonaBy Caitlin Dewey November 14 Follow @caitlindewey
Macaulay Culkin: alive, well, and still singing about pizza. (Photo by Kyle Gustafson / For The Washington Post)
There is so much fake stuff on the Internet in any given week that we’ve grown tired of debunking it all. Fake Twitter fights . Fake pumpkin-spice products . Amazing viral video? Nope — a Jimmy Kimmel stunt !
So rather than take down each and every undeservedly viral story that crosses our monitors each week, we’re rounding them all up in a quick, once-a-week Friday debunk of fake photos, misleading headlines and bad studies that you probably shouldn’t share over the weekend.
Ready? Here’s what was fake on the Internet this week:
1. That viral “drunk girl” video was staged. On Nov. 13, “serial entrepreneur” and viral marketer Stephen Zhang posted a video to his YouTube channel that claimed to show men’s (repulsive!) reactions to a drunk girl tottering around L.A. The four-minute “social experiment,” modeled after Hollaback’s cat-calling video, quickly racked up 7.7 million views — and, to no one’s surprise, a lot of controversy. Amidst the cries of sexism and/or misandry, however, several men in the video took to Facebook and claimed the whole thing had been staged . “It was supposed to be a funny skit,” one man purportedly wrote to Facebook friends. “This is what I get for being agreeable to someone’s project.” Zhang did not return emails from the Post, but as of 7:20 p.m. Thursday night, the video had mysteriously been made private on YouTube.
2. Macaulay Culkin is alive. Everyone’s favorite former child star — besides Mara Wilson, of course — took to social media last Saturday to debunk a memorial Facebook page that claimed he had died. According to the page, Culkin, 34, was found dead at 11 a.m. on Nov. 6 — “he will be missed but not forgotten,” it added, facetiously. In fact, Culkin is alive and well and touring with his absurd pizza-themed band, Pizza Underground. “We’re on tour you silly people,” the band tweeted … which seems fair.
— pizza underground (@cheesedayz) November 9, 2014
3. There is not a deadly pandemic in Mammoth, Ariz. A horror story posted to Reddit’s /r/nosleep on Monday was scary enough to make it to the site’s front page — and scary enough, apparently, to convince many readers it was real. According to the Arizona Republic , local police and business-owners received dozens of calls from people asking if there was indeed an Ebola-like plague outside of Phoenix, and whether martial law had been enacted because of it. The answers to those questions are, clearly, no and no; /r/nosleep openly identifies itself as a 100% fictional community.
4. Disney isn’t making a movie about openly gay princes. Some 140,000 people have shared the news that Disney’s next animated feature, Princes, will end in a fairy-tale same-sex marriage. Alas, while Princes is a picture book (it’s called “The Princes and the Treasure,” and it’s pretty highly rated), Disney hasn’t bought the rights to it. The story originated, as these things often do, on a fake news site called Amplifying Glass — right next to “Olive Garden’s Never-Ending Pasta Pass Claims First Life.”
5. Chick-Fil-A did not ban the words “bae,” “rachet” and “fleek.” (But wouldn’t it be great if they did?) The list of banned words — which appeared on Reddit last weekend — was purportedly posted by a manager at a Chick-Fil-A who tired of his teen employees’ slang. Alas, as some sharp-eyed Redditors noticed, a near-identical list appeared on the site with a different back story only one day before. The second poster has since deleted his account.
A screenshot from the purported list of banned words. (Reddit)
6. A massive British security company did not fire its CEO in a horrifically ungrammatical press release. Some very dedicated hoaxers did, however, duplicate G4S’s site at a fake URL and send an accompanying, equally fake release to journalists. The hoax briefly caused the company’s share price to fall before a spokesman corrected the record.
Did we miss any other notable fake stuff this week? E-mail caitlin.dewey@washpost.com — or stay tuned until next week, because surely some more shenanigans will go down in the meantime.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Rupee falls to nearly 1-month low of 61.72 vs dollar  down 17 paiseNo change in mindset: Victim still being blamed for rape
As soon as the details about the rape of a 25-year old woman by a cab driver started trickling in, a set of people got busy looking for ways to blame the victim. Their search did not take too long -- the woman had fallen asleep in the cab, they pointed out.

Vodafone withdraws its plea against DoT from HCVodafone withdraws its plea against DoT from HC
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 19:31 IST
Telecom firm Vodafone on Friday withdrew from the Delhi High Court its plea alleging the Centre is indulging in "arm-twisting" and "coercive" tactics by refusing to sign its unified licence (UL) till the telecom major unconditionally accepts the "restrictive" clauses in the licence.
The petition was withdrawn after a bench of justices Badar Durrez Ahmed and Siddharth Mridul agreed with the Centre that as per Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) Act there was an alternative remedy available before the Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT).
"Writ petition is dismissed as withdrawn," the court said and gave liberty to Vodafone to approach TDSAT.
During the brief arguments, Additional Solicitor General Sanjay Jain, appearing for Department of Telecommunications (DoT), said that as per TRAI Act, Vodafone is a licensee and thus should have moved TDSAT.
Vodafone had contended in its plea that DoT instead of signing and executing the ULs had at the last moment informed them that their request for deletion of "restrictive" clauses in licence pertaining to roaming cannot be accepted.
Vodafone had submitted that the clauses in the UL take away the rights already granted to it and upheld by TDSAT on April 29, 2014.
TDSAT had on April 29 overturned a government ban on offering 3G mobile services beyond their licensed zones through roaming pacts saying it was in national interest to allow better utilisation of scarce radio frequency.
The telecom major had sought orders declaring the "restrictive clauses" as illegal and their deletion from UL.
The telecom company had accused DoT of "adopting coercive steps" saying "if UL is not signed in a timely manner, then the existing 22 million subscribers in three service areas - Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata - of the petitioners, being provided services under existing unified access service licence (UASL), will face disruption of services after November 29, 2014."
Vodafone's UASL for these service areas is set to expire on November 29.
Vodafone had also contended in its plea that as it was in a "vulnerable" position, owing to impending expiry of its UASL, and DoT, being aware of consequences for the company, "is arm-twisting, abusing its position/powers as a licensor to delay and deny" the telecom major's entitlement to use the spectrum obtained in the auctions.
Vodafone had contended that it bought/acquired spectrum in 2010 and 2014 at a total cost of around Rs 24,000 crore, of which Rs 12,000 crore has already been paid.
According to Vodafone's plea, DoT has already accepted their applications, conveyed approvals and issued Letters of Intent (LoI) on August 28, September 15 and September 23 for Mumbai, Kolkata and Delhi areas respectively.
The company had claimed that it too has unequivocally and unconditionally accepted these LoIs and have fulfilled each and every requisite condition thereunder through their acceptance letters.
As per the new telecom policy, unified licences are to be given to telecom companies to use the spectrum acquired by them and provide mobile services to their subscribers.
Vodafone has also contended in its plea that the UL of another telecom service provider was signed only after it moved the Bombay High Court.
Bharti Airtel, Vodafone and Idea Cellular, the three biggest mobile service providers in the country, and Reliance Jio were among eight companies that bid a combined Rs 61,162 crore for spectrum in the 900 MHz and 1800 MHz bands offered by the government during a 10-day auction that ended on February 13 this year.

Reddit CEO Wong resigns  co-founder Ohanian to returnReddit CEO Wong resigns, co-founder Ohanian to return
Reddit
Reddit mascots are displayed at the company's headquarters in San Francisco.
Reddit mascots are displayed at the company's headquarters in San Francisco. (Robert Galbraith)
By Anya George Tharakan, Reuters
Reddit Inc.
Social news hub Reddit said Chief Executive Yishan Wong had resigned and that co-founder Alexis Ohanian would return as full-time executive chairman.
Ellen Pao, Reddit's business and partnerships strategist, will serve as interim chief executive, the company said in its blog .
The company did not say why Wong left.
Reddit investor Sam Altman said in a blog post that Wong resigned last week following a disagreement with the board over a new office plan.

Your idea: John Flavin  Chicago Innovation ExchangeColleges and Universities University of Chicago
Your idea: John Flavin, Chicago Innovation Exchange
John Flavin, executive director of the University of Chicago's Chicago Innovation Exchange, says when it comes to funding, "exposing your idea early and often is the best way to go."
John Flavin, executive director of the University of Chicago's Chicago Innovation Exchange, says when it comes to funding, "exposing your idea early and often is the best way to go."

DDA to hold draw for housing scheme on Nov 17DDA to hold draw for housing scheme on Nov 17
BT Online Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 15, 2014  | 16:27 IST
Photo: Reuters
The much awaited lucky draw for buying a flat in Delhi will be held at DDA headquarters in  Sadan on November 17, a report by Hindustan Times says.
DDA has received over 10 lakh applications for the flagship 'Housing Scheme 2014'.
Earlier, the tentative date for holding the draw of the lots for the new scheme was November 10.
The Delhi Development Authority (DDA) for the first time has also planned to webcast the entire event live on YouTube. The draw will also be webcast and people can watch it live from 11:30 am by going to this link - http://www.ddadrawlive.in/.
The webcast would be available for "unlimited" number of online users through the YouTube channel.
The scheme, which was launched on September 1 had seen a massive response both online and offline, leading to DDA's website getting crashed within few hours on the opening day itself.
The last date for the scheme was October 9 but the date was extended till October 15 later. Till then 7.5 lakh applications were received. The number rose to 8.5 lakh a few days later as applications from far-flung bank branches reached the DDA headquarters here late.

Early believers lose faith in Google GlassStory
Early believers lose faith in Google Glass
Alexei Oreskovic, Sarah McBride and Malathi Nayak     San Francisco    Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 20:40 IST
After two years of popping up at high-profile events sporting Google Glass , the gadget that transforms eyeglasses into spy-movie worthy technology, Google co-founder Sergey Brin sauntered bare-faced into a Silicon Valley red-carpet event on Sunday.
He'd left his pair in the car, Brin told a reporter. The Googler, who heads up the top-secret lab which developed Glass, has hardly given up on the product-he recently wore his pair to the beach.
But Brin's timing is not propitious, coming as many developers and early Glass users are losing interest in the much-hyped, $1,500 test version of the product: a camera, processor and stamp-sized computer screen mounted to the edge of eyeglass frames. Google Inc itself has pushed back the Glass roll out to the mass market.
While Glass may find some specialized, even lucrative, uses in the workplace, its prospects of becoming a consumer hit in the near future are slim, many developers say.
Of 16 Glass app makers contacted by Reuters, nine said that they had stopped work on their projects or abandoned them, mostly because of the lack of customers or limitations of the device. Three more have switched to developing for business, leaving behind consumer projects.
Plenty of larger developers remain with Glass. The nearly 100 apps on the official web site include Facebook and OpenTable, although one major player recently defected: Twitter.
"If there was 200 million Google Glasses sold, it would be a different perspective. There's no market at this point," said Tom Frencel, the Chief Executive of Little Guy Games, which put development of a Glass game on hold this year and is looking at other platforms, including the Facebook Inc-owned virtual-reality goggles Oculus Rift.
Several key Google employees instrumental to developing Glass have left the company in the last six months, including lead developer Babak Parviz, electrical engineering chief Adrian Wong, and Ossama Alami, director of developer relations.
And a Glass funding consortium created by Google Ventures and two of Silicon Valley's biggest venture capitalists, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Andreessen Horowitz, quietly deleted its website, routing users to the main Glass site.
Google insists it is committed to Glass, with hundreds of engineers and executives working on it, as well as new fashionista boss Ivy Ross, a former Calvin Klein executive. Tens of thousands use Glass in the pilot consumer program.
"We are completely energized and as energized as ever about the opportunity that wearables and Glass in particular represent," said Glass Head of Business Operations Chris O'Neill.
Glass was the first project to emerge from Google's X division, the secretive group tasked with developing "moonshot" products such as self-driving cars. Glass and wearable devices overall amount to a new technology, as smartphones once were, that will likely take time to evolve into a product that clicks with consumers.
"We are as committed as ever to a consumer launch. That is going to take time and we are not going to launch this product until it's absolutely ready," O'Neill said.
Brin had predicted a launch this year, but 2015 is now the most likely date, a person familiar with the matter said.
GLASS SELLING... ON EBAY
After an initial burst of enthusiasm, signs that consumers are giving up on Glass have been building.
Google dubbed the first set of several thousand Glass users as "Explorers." But as the Explorers hit the streets, they drew stares and jokes. Some people viewed the device, capable of surreptitious video recording, as an obnoxious privacy intrusion, deriding the once-proud Explorers as "Glassholes."
"It looks super nerdy," said Shevetank Shah, a Washington, DC-based consultant, whose Google Glass now gathers dust in a drawer. "I'm a card carrying nerd, but this was one card too many."
Glass now sells on eBay for as little as half list price.
Some developers recently have felt unsupported by investors and, at times, Google itself.
The Glass Collective, the funding consortium co-run by Google Ventures, invested in only three or four small start-ups by the beginning of this year, a person familiar with the statistics said.
A Google Ventures spokeswoman declined to comment on the number of investments and said the Web site was closed for simplicity. "We just found it's easier for entrepreneurs to come to us directly," she said.
The lack of a launch date has given some developers the impression that Google still treats Glass as an experiment.
"It's not a big enough platform to play on seriously," said Matthew Milan, founder of Toronto-based software firm Normative Design, which put on hold a Glass app for logging exercise and biking.
Mobile game company Glu Mobile , known for its popular "Kim Kardashian: Hollywood" title, was one of the first to launch a game on Glass. Spellista, a puzzler released a year ago, is still available, but Glu has discontinued work on it, a spokesman for the company said.
Another developer, Sean McCracken, won $10,000 in a contest last year for creating an aliens-themed video game for Glass, Psyclops, but Google never put it on the official hub for Glass apps, making it tougher to find. He has quit working on updates.
Still, there are some enthusiastic developers. Cycling and running app Strava finds Glass well-suited for its users, who want real-time data on their workouts, said David Lorsch, vice president of business development. And entrepreneur Jake Steinerman said it is ideal for his company, DriveSafe, which detects if people are falling asleep at the wheel.
PIVOTING AWAY
In April, Google launched the Glass at Work program to help make the device useful for specific industries, such as healthcare and manufacturing. So far the effort has resulted in apps that are being tested or used at companies such as Boeing and Yum Brands' Taco Bell.
Google is selling Glass in bulk to some businesses, offering two-for-one discounts.
CrowdOptic, which uses Glass as portable computers for surgeons and other people out of offices, is currently in use at 19 U.S. hospitals and expects that to grow to 100 hospitals early next year, said Chief Executive Jon Fisher.
Alex Foster began See Through, a Glass advertising analytics firm for business, after a venture firm earlier this year withdrew its offer to back his consumer-oriented Glass fitness company when it became clear no big consumer Glass release was imminent.
"It was devastating," he said. "All of the consumer glass startups are either completely dead or have pivoted," to enterprise products or rival wearables.
 (Reuters)

ONGC profit falls after four quarters of growthONGC profit falls after four quarters of growth, to invest Rs 10,600 crore
Aman Shah     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 14, 2014  | 21:36 IST
Oil and Natural Gas Corp on Friday posted a 10 per cent fall in quarterly profit, its first drop after four quarters of growth, as lower crude prices hurt profitability from both onshore and offshore blocks.
Separately, the company said its board had approved investments of over Rs 10,600 crore($1.71 billion) to boost production from two western offshore formations.
The country's biggest oil and gas explorer has struggled to lift production from its ageing domestic fields and is aggressively investing overseas to secure energy assets for Asia's third-largest economy.
The state-owned company posted a profit of Rs 5,445 crore in the three months ended September 30, its fiscal second quarter, down from Rs 6,064 crore a year earlier.
Net sales fell 8.7 per cent to Rs 20,361 crore.
Analysts on average expected ONGC to post net profit of Rs 5,432 crore , according to Thomson Reuters data.
A higher burden from subsidised sales of products to state refiners to keep retail prices in check has squeezed ONGC's margins even as it spends heavily to boost overseas assets and maintain output at its domestic fields.
The company's cost of helping subsidise fuel fell slightly to Rs 13,641 crore from Rs 13,796 crore in the same quarter last year.
The company, in which the government plans to sell a 5 per cent stake worth close to $3 billion, is expected to benefit from government reforms to free diesel prices and raise natural gas prices.
Shares of the company, which has a market value of almost $54 billion, closed 2 percent higher ahead of the results on Friday in a broader Mumbai market that was up 0.38 per cent.
($1 = 61.8250 rupee)

Zoho scores big with India-made software  but shuns IPO and venture capitalNo change in mindset: Victim still being blamed for rape
As soon as the details about the rape of a 25-year old woman by a cab driver started trickling in, a set of people got busy looking for ways to blame the victim. Their search did not take too long -- the woman had fallen asleep in the cab, they pointed out.

Poetics of a nation: remembering Nehrupeople
Jawaharlal Nehru cannot be seen merely as an object of history, a fragment of policy. He was a dream, a hope, a claim to innocence, an aesthetic, which gave to modernity a touch of elegance
This week, India will celebrate the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru. I must confess that I hate anniversaries when they turn out to be rote affairs, when memory, which hurts like frostbite, is presented painlessly. I hate this era that measures Nehru with calipers and titrates his foreign policy. It is a dull world today when memory turns inane and history seems empty. Life must indeed be meaningless when almost two decades of the Nehru era produce less meaning than five months of a Modi regime. When memories fade, icons die, and when an icon dies, something dies in all of us.
Nehru cannot be seen merely as an object of history, a fragment of policy. He was a dream, a hope, a claim to innocence, an aesthetic which gave to modernity a touch of elegance. I think that is why Gandhi opted for him. The practical Gandhi realised that one needed the impractical Nehru to survive the first decade of Independence. It is only the impractical who survive, who understand desire, hope and dream. Words like development and planning are dull words borrowed from a dismal social science. Nehru gave them a touch of poetry and it is only the poetics of the first decade that allowed us to retain hope and dream differently.
Harnessing science
Imagine a country which suffers two genocides, the Bengal Famine and Partition. Imagine a nation littered with refugees and the bittersweet memories of displacement. Such a nation could have turned melancholic, bitter, even tyrannical. Yet with all the violence, India of the Nehruvian years had a touch of innocence. Indians felt they had done the impossible (win freedom) and now wanted to repeat it. It was Nehru who gave India that lightness of being, that childlike innocence and yet that sophistication that came with a civilisational confidence.
Nehru inspired a generation to hope and believe. In fact, it was the first decades of Independence that could be called the Indian century because Nehru made India feel that Indians were special.
We used science as an enzyme of hope, an elixir of development. Where else could a nation talk of the future as belonging to science or those who make friends with science? The concentration camps were still a stark fact and the atomic bomb had been tested over Japan.
No other nation saw science as a dream. The Russians and the West saw it as a tool of economic development. Nehru insisted science was culture, a form of playfulness, providing a sense of discovery and excitement. This was a man who felt that science would prolong his discovery of India and even the world. For Nehru, science was not about productivity. It was a way of looking at the world. In fact, if one looks at Nehruvian scientists one senses that same elegance about science, whether it was P.C. Mahalanobis, Homi J. Bhabha, K.S. Krishnan, Vikram Sarabhai or Satish Dhawan. For all of them, science was not just knowledge. It was an aesthetic for approaching the world, an insight we have lost in this dismal age of the information revolution.
One is reminded of a story about the Russian scientist, Nikolai Vavilov, who spent his student days with William Bateson at Cambridge. Vavilov was once referring to an English colleague, a nuts and bolts empiricist. Vavilov claimed that he was a good worker but insisted in his accented English that he had no-“Phi-Lo-so-phee.” Nehru provided philosophy to the first years of Independence.
I admit it had a touch of innocence. In fact, it was re-echoed in Hindi cinema by Raj Kapoor, who, like Nehru, was an incurable romantic, who saw in being Indian and nationality, a dream of a different being. When Kapoor sang “Mera¯ ju¯ta¯ hai Ja¯pani¯, ye patlu¯n Inglista¯ni¯, Sar pe la¯l topi¯ Ru¯si¯, phir bhi¯ dil hai Hindusta¯ni¯,” he was reciting one of the new anthems of the Nation, a country, a generation which believed it had a tryst with destiny.
Ideology and elegance
Even ideology had a touch of romance. Today one laughs at socialism and the dreams of the Left when one watches the dreary rhetoric of the CPI(M). But ideology in that era was an aesthetic of justice, a poetics of solidarity with people. I know the words might sound empty today but when the Indian People’s Theatre Association performed, or Nehru spoke ideology, Marxist-Socialist ideology made sense of the world. As an old Marxist explained, in India, Marxism was not just about class. It gave a touch of class to the way we thought of the world. One misses that elegance, that aesthetic of democracy when we talk of secularism today as it gets viscous with political correctness.
One must remember that the first decade was an idealistic decade. When I think of my parents or their friends, one senses the deep celebration of India. Every Indian felt his sacrifice was worth it. It was a moral, aesthetic and scientific world where character-building, nation-building and dam-building went together. There was little cynicism, a great realism about poverty and yet a hope that nation-building Nehruvian style was one of the great epics of the century. India has lost that epic quality of hope and innocence.
May be the Nehruvian era needed that touch of pragmatism we call Patel. May be Nehru could have absorbed the insights of Rajaji. At that time we had such a surplus of leaders, from Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, Rajendra Prasad, B.C. Roy and Rajaji that we did not realise that the first decade was a festival of leadership, with each individual adding to the richness of the Indian vision.
“India could not have been India without harvesting the achievement of the Nehruvian years.”
I remember when the Nehruvian era died. For me, as a child it was a composite of two events. India, invincible India, the India that gave us Dhyan Chand, lost in hockey at the Rome Olympics. For my biased mind, cricket, tedious cricket, only emerged into the limelight after that. Then, even more poignantly, India lost a border war with China. It was a collapse of a world view where India which had conquered colonialism was mired once again in defeat. Nehru, our immaculate Nehru, sounded old and vulnerable. There was a loneliness, a tiredness about him. When a legend is threatened, mediocre critics like termites creep out of the woodwork of history to recite his mistakes. The magic was gone and Nehru faded soon afterward. The question “after Nehru who?” popped up soon and one then senses the momentous nature of the loss. One realised that for all the mistakes, those were the last magical years of the nation.
Institution building
Today, given the mediocrity of his epigone and the autism of the Congress party, we forget that the Nehruvian era was the great period of institution building, where we initiated community development, celebrated planning, built our great IITs, revitalised our science laboratories. India could not have been India without harvesting the achievement of the Nehruvian years.
I remember my old friend and teacher U.R. Ananthamurthy. Before he died, he left behind a great manuscript, a testament, a manifesto. URA criticised the Nehruvian years but he made a more critical point. Nehru might have made mistakes but Narendra Modi is the mistake that India might regret one day in its angry backlash against the family. Nehru was a classic. Our current regime is a footnote. It can only become history if it destroys the Nehruvian years.
Today, there is an epidemic of seminars, conferences and newspaper articles about 125 years of Nehru. Writers will give Nehru the good conduct certificates he does not need and praise his concern for poverty and his interest in science. The Congress is petty enough not to invite Mr. Modi but pompously invites guests from overseas. It is an un-Nehruvian act in its aesthetics and one must condemn it. Yet, what will be even more depressing is the social science litany about a man who gave us the poetics of a nation. In our current politics, it is not memory and its poignancy we are evoking. Our anniversaries become dull timetables, empty acts of repetition. When the magic is gone, only an official catechism remains. It is simpler to open a book of photographs and travel down memory lane. I wish there was something simpler, more abstract, a simple poem that caught the magic of the man without shrinking it to nostalgia, because Nehru, our Nehru deserved much more.
(Shiv Visvanathan is a professor at Jindal School of Government and Public Policy.)

Avoid These 5 Gift-Giving MistakesEmail
Sam Diephuis / Getty Images
The pressure of the holidays can make people lose perspective when it comes to giving gifts. Avoiding a faux pas, though, isn't too difficult if you steer clear of some common minefields.
1. Watch your spending.
Gifts are not a tit-for-tat exchange. Just because someone spent a certain amount on a present for you doesn't mean you have to spend the same on theirs. Too often, shoppers overspend in hopes of not being seen as a cheapskate. This can actually be the worst move to make.
"If you spend a lot of money on a gift, doing so [can] make a recipient feel uncomfortable," said Sherri Athay, author of "Present Perfect: Unforgettable Gifts for Every Occasion."
"You don't want to appear stingy, but generally, whether intended or not, giving gifts creates a feeling of obligation," she said.
2. Regift with caution.
There's nothing wrong with regifting, but it does require some common sense.
The biggest mistake to avoid, of course, is accidentally regifting the item to the person who gave it to you—or to a mutual friend of yours. And a very close second is making sure it's not obvious you're just passing along something you don't want. 
"If you are going to repurpose a gift, you need to make very sure it doesn't have your name on it," said Gottsman. "Make sure there's no gift card left on it that you didn't see and that it's in its original box or bag. And definitely regift outside of the circle of friends that gave it to you."
Remember, not every item is a candidate for regifting, because, let's face it, some are just terrible. However, if you've received a nice sweater that doesn't fit you or a bottle of wine but you don't drink, those are viable candidates.
3. Avoid utilitarian gifts
A practical gift may show that you gave some thought to the recipient, but that doesn't always make it a good idea. While you might not want to get too personal, you also don't want to retreat too far in the opposite direction.
"My brother, many years ago, said, 'I never give my wife a gift with an electrical cord attached to it,'" said Athay. "Gifts should be something somebody wouldn't get for themselves."
4. Logo a no-no
Corporate gifts all too often become marketing opportunities. And most of those end up in the trash.
"We tend to want to put our logo all over something, but we have to remember that most people don't want to receive a gift with somebody else's logo," said Gottsman. "Even a business gift is a gift of goodwill. It's to remind a person that they're valuable. It's to build a relationship for the next year. You want them to use it."
5. Don't fall for the hype
Shopping early takes some of the pressure off of buyers. As the date of a gift swap nears, some people tend to fall for marketing in ways they would never do so during the rest of the year.
"Men, in particular, have a tendency to give in to the advertising hype," said Athay. "They see signs or TV segments saying, 'This is what all women want this holiday season' and buy it."
That's not only oftentimes inaccurate (think back to items like breadmakers and hair-removal devices of years past), it also sends the message that the recipient doesn't stand out from the crowd and that you, the gift giver, just jumped on the nearest bandwagon.
"A gift is a way to convey a message to somebody," said Athay. "If you think about that message, you're going to have an easier time conveying that message."
Tags:

Keep Holiday Parties from Busting your BudgetKeep holiday parties from busting your budget
Kelli Grant CNBC
Email
Shutterstock
Trimming your gift list may not be enough to help you stick to a holiday budget this year.
Parties can be a stealth budget buster. A Deloitte report expects spending on "socializing away from home" to rise 15 percent, to an average $310. Costs to host a party are up 22 percent, to an average $194. Combined, that's almost 39 percent of your budget. Factor in the $144 in holiday spend on "non-gift clothing"—because let's face it, you're not buying a holiday-themed sweater or sparkly party dress to hang out at home alone—and parties take up 50 percent of your budget.
"The first thing I think about when I hear the dollars and cents is, life is short," said etiquette consultant Jodi R. R. Smith, author of "From Clueless to Class Act." "If you have the opportunity to celebrate the season with people you love, do it. Just don't go into debt doing it."
For a host, that entails scaling the event to your budget. 
Maybe that means menu swaps like punch rather than cocktails, or planning for a dessert party instead of hosting a full dinner. Guests should weigh the costs involved—travel? black-tie attire?—before committing, and explore tactics to cut that necessary spending. (Carpooling? Rent the Runway?)
One cost saver for hosts to be careful of: potlucks, which shift some of the cost burden to guests.
That's fine if a group you're part of decides to meet, and you subsequently offer your home, said Smith. (It's common enough at Thanksgiving, when a family would collectively decide who's hosting, and then, which relative is bringing the pie and which the cranberry sauce.)
But inviting people to a party and then dictating each bring a specific dish or item can be offensive, she said.
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Post Office to Name 1st Woman Postmaster General
Feds Shut Down Robocaller Targeting Elderly
Lawmakers are starting to talk about making New Mexico a right-to-work stateBy Niraj Chokshi November 14 Follow @NirajC
Republicans control the New Mexico state legislature for the first time in 60 years, and lawmakers there are beginning to suggest they may use their new majority to restrict union power.
State Senate Minority Leader Stuart Ingle (R-Portales) told the Albuquerque Journal that now “could be the time we get it through both houses,” referring to a right-to-work bill that would allow the state to prevent unions from requiring workers to pay dues. If the legislature were to pass the law during its two-month session that starts in late January, it would become the 25th state with such a law.
In states that lack right-to-work laws, labor unions may require employees to pay dues regardless of whether they join because they benefit from the negotiations the union conducts on the behalf of all employees.
Last year, 21 states and D.C. considered right-to-work laws, though only Tennessee passed one, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . The year before, 19 states considered it, and four states passed various versions of laws that expanded or established right-to-work provisions. Generally, debate has come in waves since stats began enacting right-to-work laws in the 1940s, according to NCSL:
The first right-to-work laws were passed in the 1940s and 1950s, predominantly in Southern states. Most right-to-work laws were enacted by statute but 10 states adopted them by constitutional amendments. There was a surge of interest in the issue in the 1970s and again in the 1990s, but only a handful of states have enacted right to work laws since the initial wave in the mid-20th century.
Ingle said the state’s lack of such a law puts it at an economic disadvantage because several neighboring states have such laws: “If we’re going to compete in New Mexico and draw businesses, we’re going to have to do something,” he told the Journal.
The resurgence of the right-to-work debate comes as unions suffer from waning influence, with approval near 75-year lows. More than a dozen states have curtailed collective bargaining rights in recent years, and union membership has declined in 43 states since 2003 .
Union approval ratings. (Gallup)

Hit the ice: Washingtons outdoor rinks open this weekendBy Fritz Hahn November 14 Follow @fritzhahn
If the freezing temperatures have you thinking about going ice skating this weekend, you're not alone. Three outdoor skating rinks open in D.C. this weekend, as does one in Manassas. Two rinks in Virginia and one in Maryland opened earlier this month, and with others on the way.
As the last light of the day fades away, families skate at the National Gallery Sculpture Garden and Ice Rink. (Photo by Matt McClain For The Washington Post)
D.C.
Seventh Street and Constitution Avenue NW. 202-216-9397. www.nga.gov .
Status: Open
Hours: 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. Monday-Thursday, 10 a.m. to 11 p.m. Friday-Saturday and 11 a.m. to 9 p.m. Sunday.
Fees: $8 adults (13 and older), $7 children (12 and younger), $7 students (with valid school ID), $7 senior citizens (50 and older). Skate rental is $3; lockers are 50 cents. A season ticket is $195.
Details: The popular rink offers views of the National Gallery's Sculpture Garden. The Pavilion Cafe, which sells hot chocolate, wine and beer, opens at the same time as the rink and closes two hours earlier.
Canal Park
202 M St. SE. 202-465-7012. www.canalparkdc.org .
Status: Grand opening is Saturday at 11 a.m.
Hours: Noon to 7 p.m. Monday-Tuesday, noon to 9 p.m. Wednesday-Friday, 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Saturday and 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Sunday.
Fees: $9 adults (12 and older), $8 children (11 and under), $8 seniors or military with ID. Skate rental is $4.
Details: The adjacent Park Tavern offers food, hot chocolate and a full bar. Specials throughout the week include two-for-one skating from 4 to 6 p.m. on Tuesdays, $2 discounts for college students from 6 to 9 p.m. on Thursdays, a Saturday morning cartoon skate for children from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. and a Rock 'n' Skate with music from 7 to 9 p.m. on Fridays.
Washington Harbor
3050 K St. NW. 202-706-7666. www.thewashingtonharbour.com .
Status: Opening Saturday at noon.
Hours: Noon to 7 p.m. Monday-Tuesday, noon to 9 p.m. Wednesday-Thursday, noon to 10 p.m. Friday, 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. Saturday and 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Sunday.
Fees: $10 adults (12 and older), $9 children (11 and under), $9 seniors or military with ID. Skate rental is $5.
Details: The largest outdoor rink in Washington, at 11,800 square feet, Washington Harbour's rink offers specials throughout the week, including two-for-one skating from 4 to 6 p.m. on Tuesdays, $2 discounts for college students on Thursdays, a Saturday morning cartoon skate for children from 10 a.m. to noon and a Rock 'n' Skate with music from 8 to 10 p.m. on Saturdays.
Maryland
600 Quiet Waters Park Rd., Annapolis. 410-222-1711. www.aacounty.org/RecParks/ .
Status: Open.
Hours: 1 to 9 p.m. Monday and Wednesday-Friday. 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Saturday-Sunday. Closed Tuesdays, except during school vacations.
Fees: $6 adults (13 and older), $5 children (4 to 12). Children 3 and under free, seniors (60 and older) $5. Skate rental $3. There is a $6 fee for each car or van that enters the park before 5:30 p.m. A 30-ticket coupon is $120 and an individual season pass is $100. (Both include vehicle entry fees.)
Details: The county-run ice rink, renovated in 2009, is community focused, with "Mozart Mornings" featuring classical music and Friday night Teen Skates. The Pit Boys BBQ offers pulled pork, chicken and turkey sandwiches at the cafe.
Rockville Town Square
131 Gibbs St., Rockville. 301-545-1999. www.rockvilletownsquare.com .
Status: Open
Hours: Noon to 10 p.m. Monday-Thursday, noon to 11 p.m. Friday, 10 a.m. to 11 p.m. Saturday and 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. Sunday.
Fees: $9 adults (13 and older), $8 for children (12 and under). Skate rentals are $3.
Details: The 7,200-square-foot rink bills itself as "the largest outdoor ice skating rink between Baltimore and Washington D.C."
Virginia
9201 Center St., Manassas. 703-361-9800. www.harrispavilion.com .
Status: Opening Saturday at noon.
Hours: 3 p.m. to 8 p.m. Monday-Thursday, 3 p.m. to 10 p.m. Friday, noon to 10 p.m. Saturday, noon to 5 p.m. Sunday.
Fees: $8 adults (11 and older), $7 children (10 and younger). Skate rental is $4. A 10-visit pass costs $60 for adults and $50 for children, and includes skate rental.
Crucial details: Unlike other rinks, Harris Pavilion doesn't have sessions: All ice-skating is open skate, with no time limits, so you can skate as long as you'd like.
Pentagon Row
1201 S. Joyce St., Arlington. 703-418-6666. www.pentagonrowskating.com .
Status: Open
Hours: Noon to 10 p.m. Monday-Thursday, noon to 11 p.m. Friday, 10 a.m. to 11 p.m. Saturday, 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. Sunday.
Fees: $9 adults (13 and older), $8 children (12 and younger), $8 senior citizens (55 and older). Skate rentals are $3. A 10-admission card costs $70.
Details: An offseason makeover expanded the rink, now the largest in Northern Virginia, and added a rinkside lounge with a fireplace.
Reston Town Center Pavilion
1818 Discovery St., Reston. 703-709-6300. www.restontowncenter.com .
Status: Open
Hours: 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Sunday-Tuesday, 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Wednesday-Thursday and 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. Friday-Saturday.
Fees: $10 adults (12 and older), $9 children (11 and under), $9 senior citizens (55 and older). Skate rentals are $5. Frequent visitors can get a 10-admission card for $85, or a season pass for $195 per person.
Details: The rink offers a "Rock 'n' Skate" with music on Fridays from 8 to 10, and a Cartoon Skate for kids on Saturdays from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Fritz Hahn has covered bars, drinks and nightlife for the Washington Post Weekend Section since 2003, but he also writes about everything from Civil War battlefields to sailing classes. You can find him on Twitter and Instagram .

Scott Boras on the Nationals: Its litmus timeBy James Wagner November 14 Follow @jameswagnerwp
Nationals owner Ted Lerner, left, talks with agent Scott Boras in December 2010. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
When the most powerful agent in baseball speaks, people listen. And at each of the offseason meetings — in between sit-downs with teams, owners and general managers — Scott Boras finds time to address reporters. This is how he operates. This week at the General Managers Meetings in Phoenix, Boras touched on a wide range of issues. He stumped again for a neutral site for the World Series and took playful jabs at the Mets.
The Nationals, of course, came up. Boras is intertwined with the franchise because four of the Nationals’ best players — Jayson Werth, Bryce Harper, Stephen Strasburg and Anthony Rendon — are his clients. He also represents others in the organization, such as Danny Espinosa. Another client, Rafael Soriano, who departed via free agency this winter, was the Nationals’ closer for two years.
The Nationals are at a fascinating crossroads as an organization. They’ve had the best record in the NL two of the past three years, and will return the talent capable of contending for a World Series next season. But beyond that, the composition of their roster can change dramatically. Several key players — Doug Fister, Jordan Zimmermann, Ian Desmond, Denard Span and Tyler Clippard — will be eligible for free agency after the 2015 season. A wave of young players are waiting in the wings but how the Nationals will bridge to them is unclear.
“I think it’s litmus time,” Boras said this week. “The Nats certainly knew how to build using the draft. And with Harper, Rendon, Stras, they really made some valued steps. And with both Zimmerman(n)s. So now the time comes, you’re going to ask a family, the Lerner family, to take the next step, and that is, ‘Are you going to win for a long time? Are you going to retain your stars? Are you going to keep those that are necessary to make the team a consistent upper-division club?’
“This kind of reminds me of the Yankees in 1995. They had a lot of really good young players coming and over those years they kept all of those players together and it turned out quite well for them. That, to me, is a test for them and their ownership.”
Although the Nationals’ payroll could increase next season, they have the resources to spend. Revenue across the sport has risen. Jumps in attendance, corporate sponsorship and television revenue have helped.
The Nationals play in a publicly funded stadium. The Lerner family bought the team in 2006 for $450 million and Forbes magazine valued the Nationals at $700 million last March. Ted Lerner, the patriarch of the ownership group, has a net worth of $4 billion, according to the magazine, which makes him the second-wealthiest owner in baseball. Nationals Park drew 2.58 million fans in 2014, 12th in the majors.
“All I know is that the fans have showed up,” Boras said. “I think we’re all aware that the TV revenues have taken a dramatic increase. As to when the court is going to make [MASN] pay that, I don’t know. I know that the value of the franchise has gone through the roof. They have been highly successful. They had the best record in the league. The players have performed at a high level and done well. The idea is that it’s time for them to keep the group together that they know can win. This team has won. They have to certainly make the necessary economic judgments to allow that club to be a winner because that’s what they hope to build. Their franchise value is probably close to triple since they bought the team. Their ability to spend, I think they’ve made a very good investment and have managed it well so far.”
(Note: Boras does not represent any of the Nationals who are eligible for free agency after 2015. He does, however, represent future potential long-term contract candidates such as Harper and Strasburg. And he does have a deep understanding of the economics of baseball. Owners may just not agree with him.)
In August, Boras floated the idea of 12-year contracts for young star players without naming anyone specifically . But that, logically, would include players like Harper. Strasburg has two years of arbitration left before free agency and is projected to make around $8 million in 2015. Harper has an unusual contract situation. He will receive $1.5 million in salary for 2015 if he cannot opt out of the contract he signed out of the draft and into baseball’s arbitration system. (A grievance hearing will determine if Harper can opt out of his deal. If he can, his salary would increase.)
The Nationals may try to negotiate a multi-year deal with either Harper or Strasburg to control the price of their arbitration-eligible seasons, but that has not yet been broached.
“I don’t think the Lerner family has called me for my analysis of the subject,” Boras said. “[General Manager Mike Rizzo] and I talk about players but nothing in the short-term [for Harper or Strasburg].”
James Wagner joined the Post in August 2010 and, prior to covering the Nationals, covered high school sports across the region.

U.S. CTO on net neutrality critics: Are you supposed to argue with physicsBy Nancy Scola November 14 Follow @nancyscola
Deputy U.S. Chief Technology Officer Alex Macgillivray and U.S. Chief Technology Officer Megan Smith at the National Academy of Sciences on Nov. 14, 2104. (The Washington Post.)
It wasn't long ago that Megan Smith, the country's newly-appointed chief technology officer , and Alex Macgillivray, deputy U.S. CTO, were Silicon Valley stars known for pushing boundaries.
Smith helped lead Google for more than a decade, including Google X, the company's experimental wing. Macgillivray was a lawyer at Twitter and Google before that, with a record of resisting government requests for user information. Now they're working side-by-side in an Eisenhower Executive Office Building bullpen next to the White House tasked with equipping President Obama and his team with a deep understanding of how technology works. There are lots of pressing questions: Earlier this week Obama called on the Federal Communications Commission  to aggressively regulate Internet service providers and prevent them from charging content companies such as Netflix for faster access to their customers.
In an interview at the National Academy of Sciences under an array of sunscape photos, Smith and Macgillivray talked about how, according to Smith, "government should be amazing," what it takes to bring Silicon Valley to Washington, and why no one should have been surprised about President Obama coming out hard on net neutrality .
This interview has been edited for clarity and length.
U.S. Chief Technology Officer Megan Smith sees the debate on net neutrality. But, "for us, as engineers, it's very clear. We know how the Internet works."
More from Smith and Macgillivray on net neutrality »
What is it that the Chief Technology Officer of the United States does?
Smith: The mandate for the CTO's office is to unleash the power of technology, data, and innovation on behalf of the nation. The CTO's office is really trying to bring best practices, possibilities, pilots, and policy advising. It's really that other people are doing the work. You're coaching.
Is part of that being an adviser to the president?
Smith: To the president and his team. Whoever he's working with, you're available as a resource. For us, we decided that we have three areas of focus: continuing weighing in on best practices on tech policy, anything from net neutrality to the spectrum auction, patent reform, copyright, privacy, big data, all the topics of the day. Being part of that conversation.
The second area that we're focused on is that the government should be amazing -- for the American people and with the American people. We have a long history of being the instigators of open data.
And the third area is, how do you help all Americans participate in the innovation economy, not just people that happen to live in some of the tech hubs.
Macgillivray: If you go to a hockey game in Silicon Valley, the tech incubators and the major tech companies are the things being advertised. In some of these other places, that's just not true, and it's harder to figure out, is there an incubator in my town? Our basic belief is, yes, there is. People just don't know about them.
"His position has been that is very important, the whole way through," says Deputy U.S. CTO Alex Macgillivray of Obama's stance on net neutrality. "But every time, there's surprise, which is a little weird."
More from Smith and Macgillivray on net neutrality »
There's a mechanism you probably used to create change in your old lives: "Let's experiment with things, even if it doesn't quite work." Is it okay to fail when you're inside government?
Smith: It's much easier to fail when you're in the pilot, early stage, when it's less expensive and you're exploring than when you're way out the door and you've spent all this money. Industry is smart: structured to have skunkworks and pilot phases. We want government to do that, too.
Macgillivray: You're trying to take on big, audacious goals that will have a huge positive impact, and there are plenty of great big goals that you can't do with 100 percent probability of success.
One of those big, audacious things might be the president's recent stand on net neutrality.
Smith: It's an incredibly important thing to make sure we preserve net neutrality. Candidate Obama before he was president spent the time to understand that because of its huge impact on our economy, and to understand from these innovators what was important. He became early on a huge supporter of net neutrality, and he understood it.
Now, I think, he can see, the [Federal Communications Commission] is an independent agency , but they're about to weigh in, and there's been a huge groundswell of input from the public. As it got close, I think the president felt that it was pretty important as they were about to deliberate to weigh in.
Macgillivray: The coverage of it has been a little bit weird, in that every time President Obama has said the same thing. His position has been that it is very important, the whole way through. But every time, there's surprise, which is a little weird.
But he's never gone so far as to say before that he thinks that broadband should be reclassified as a Title II service under the Communications Act.
Macgillivray: The question is how to get it done. Yeah, he didn't get down in the weeds of the tactic you might take to do it. But there's not a whole lot of debate post-Verizon [the January court decision that struck down the FCC's existing open Internet rules] about how to do it. It's really a question of, "Do you still believe in the principles. Do you want them to be legally enforceable?" If so, then...that's what the president said. This is a president who has said this in the strongest possible terms since he was a candidate and has consistently repeated it.
And yet, when he then spells it out, the reaction was a little bit surprising to me.
Smith: I also thought it was interesting that the conversation becomes a political debate, because we're in D.C., so it becomes, okay, here's this one group that has this opinion and another group that has that opinion. But then there are all these engineers who have an architecture [of the Internet they work with], and it's like, "Are you supposed to argue with physics?"
The CEO of AT&T this week said that the company will "pause" the rollout of broadband fiber in 100 cities in the United States because of the ongoing net neutrality debate.
Macgillivray: I just came from business. And it's not every day that a business says that they're not going to do something that's good for their customers. That's a strong statement.
What's your role in these debates? Are people coming to you and saying, "Explain to us the architecture of the Internet?"
Smith: Our job is to advise on best practice. There is a bringing in of an extraordinary set of academics, bringing in people from the cable industry, from the tech start-ups -- tons and tons of people, in addition to the public commenting, and reading all that. And also, just having conversations with people who are super experts, and being technical people we could facilitate some of that and aggregate some of that.
Should people attribute the timing of Obama's statement to your arrival in the White House?
Smith: The timing that matters is that they're [the FCC] about to decide. It's really important to be on it.
Macgillivray: Again, this was not something that he just recently decided to believe.
Smith, laughing: [It was] somewhere back in 2007.
It's interesting that me that it was seen as that clear-cut [inside the White House].
Smith: For us, as engineers, it's very clear. We know how the Internet works. We know the incredible economics and opportunities that have resulted from it. He's [the president has] seen that.
What motivated you to give up your lives in California to do this work?
Macgillivray: A little known fact is that Megan's and my kids both went to the same small school in San Francisco. We both called the principal. School had already really started. And we were like, "Uh, there are going to be a couple kids missing from class."
Smith, laughing: "There's a whole bunch of people leaving for Washington."
Smith: The opportunity to work in government at this time is an incredible opportunity. It's an honor to be asked, and it's a service opportunity. You can impact hundreds of millions of people. Working with our colleagues at USAID, it's potentially billions of people.
To me, there's so much talent in the world that's locked out for the wrong reasons, whether it's innovators at the highest end where we need to change the regulation systems, or whether it's the talented people who work here who the bureaucracy's holding back, or the amazing American people. I like to solve problems with tech. This is a dream job.
Macgillivray: What drives me is having positive impact. And to me it was pretty clear that there was an opportunity here in the last couple years of the presidency to have a tremendous positive impact. That's just awesome. Also, I like D.C. It's an adventure for the family.
How do you bring Silicon Valley into the work of government?
Smith: It's interesting, if you look at any of the teams here, they're diverse: there's economists, and writers... It's actually really fun, because I don't have to be an expert in economics. We know our stuff, and it's not easy -- there's a high volume of work -- but it's straightforward: You bring your best skills. I think that there hasn't been as many technical people at the table. That's just been a missing piece.
In different times in our government, they've been there. If you look at the founders, a lot of them were engineers and politicians and... Look at [Ben] Franklin. [George] Washington was a surveyor. He stood up the Army Corps of Engineers before the founding of the country. These guys were multidimensional people. It ebbs and flows. But the interesting thing is that it's at times of war and crisis that the engineers are very much at the table.
Vannevar Bush, the first science adviser, came [to D.C.] after World War II to do the Manhattan Project. It was basically the beginning of [the Office of Science and Technology Policy, where the CTO team is housed]. He actually invented something called a memex, which was one of the first ideas of an Internet. It was a mechanical sort of thing, but it could retrieve anything. It was basically a World Wide Web, but mechanical.
What besides neutrality is in your policy portfolio?
Macgillivray: Some of it is just giving advice on the policy of the things that are happening. Some of that's pretty reactive.
And then on the proactive side, we're still defining that a little bit. But one of the things we're taking a hard look at is how do the new things happening in technology impact how we regulate. So that's everything from that it's easier and easier to launch a company -- two people in a garage can reach 100 million people -- what that means as regulators to figure out what all those people are doing all over the county and to ensure we protect the American people, and what it means to be two people in a garage and all of the sudden have a regulator concerned with the stuff that you're doing. It's really making sure that the United States continues to be the best place in the world for science and technology innovation.
Smith: And it's creating environments for conversations -- with innovators if they're doing something that the regulators are uncomfortable with, there can be some 'sandboxing,' which is sort of a Silicon Valley word for a play space to explore possibilities. Where people can be comfortable, and you still care as government for privacy and other issues.
Alex, when you were appointed, some people said, "This is the guy who stood up to government. Now he's going into government, and he's not going to have a lot of friends, especially in the intelligence community." 
Macgillivray, laughing: You know, my old company sued us. [In October, Twitter sued the United States over the disclosure of national security letters.]
Within government, it's amazing to me how open people are to us. This is in large part thanks to the two CTO's offices that proceeded us. When they think of the CTO, they think of people who come in and bring fresh ideas, new eyes on a problem, and are willing to do the work and get something done. I definitely haven't had anybody, you know, be mean to me. [Laughs.]
My experience with people in government even on the outside was of a whole bunch of good, very smart people all trying to do the right thing. That's been my experience on the inside, too. I didn't expect people to be holding a grudge, and that's definitely not something that's happened.
Smith: We're really trying to build cohorts [of technologists in government.] We've added the term T.Q. E.Q. is emotional quotient. T.Q. is people who have technical skills. If teams have those members, they're not just admiring a problem, they can help architect a solution.
How is President Obama's T.Q.?
Smith: The president has fabulous T.Q. He loves technology. He's not trained as a formal engineer, but he's really interested in this stuff.
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

The Scene: Fight Night 2014Comments
By Kate Warren November 14
With silver trays strewn with $100 bills and cigars, fire-eaters and more scotch than you can shake a boxing glove at, the annual “Fight Night” benefit is one of Washington’s most male-oriented fundraisers.
The Nov. 13, 2014 event transformed the Washington Hilton ballroom into a cigar smoke and politician-filled boxing extravaganza to raise money for Fight for Children and other local charities that deliver education and health-care services to Washington, D.C. children.
Don Mouton prepares to fight at the annual “Fight Night” benefit at the Washington Hilton ballroom Nov. 13. (Kate Warren/ The Washington Post)
 
Pre-dinner live entertainment at the annual “Fight Night” benefit on Nov. 13 included acrobats and fire-breathing as a dramatic start to the evening. (Kate Warren/The Washington Post)
 
Tina Brown doles out champagne to Lance Corp. Reid Norfolk and other guests during the “Fight Night” benefit cocktail hour at the Washington Hilton on Nov. 13 (Kate Warren/The Washington Post)
Fight for Children CEO and President Michela English, Lupus Therapeutics President and CEO Albert Roy, DC Agenda President Skip McKoy, and NTELX Chairman and CEO Rob Quartel chat in the VIP lounge at the annual “Fight Night” benefit on Nov. 13, 2014. (Kate Warren/The Washington Post)
Joe Apa gets a feel for a new Maserati as the Washington Wizards cheerleaders chat nearby at the “Fight Night” benefit on Nov. 13, 2014. (Kate Warren/The Washington Post)
Mayor-elect Muriel Bowser laughs with business leaders at the annual “Fight Night” benefit on Nov. 13, 2014. The event raises money for health care and education for D.C. area children. (Kate Warren/The Washington Post)
Read more Reliable Source: 

The Onion seeks investors  hears offers for companyThe Onion seeks investors, hears offers for company
ClickHole, an Onion website.
'A lot of interest' in Onion as it seeks investors.
CEO says Chicago-based Onion showered with interest from investors
The Onion Inc., the Chicago-based purveyor of fake news and entertainment websites, may really be for sale. Or not.
Responding to a report by Bloomberg on Thursday that the company was exploring a possible sale, Steve Hannah, chief executive officer and minority owner of The Onion, sent employees a memo Friday outlining the "real story," which he said was an investment-raising effort that has generated offers for the whole company.
As real newspapers struggle, fake one boasts rising viewers, revenue ( Robert Channick, Tribune reporter )
In the memo, which was obtained by the Chicago Tribune, Hannah confirmed that the company has retained a financial adviser to seek investment capital. Hannah said the growing company has been "showered with inquiries from interested parties," ranging from a "simple investment to a possible purchase" of The Onion.
"In the course of looking to raise money, our advisors got a lot of interest from both strategic media companies and private investment firms," Hannah wrote. "Predictably, their interest ranged from making an investment in The Onion to acquisition of the company. This is the normal course of events in the capital-raising world."
The Onion's parent company has hired investment bank GCA Savvian, which it has worked with in the past, executives confirmed Friday. In the memo, Hannah said The Onion has had "various advisors helping us for most of the past 10 years." The Bloomberg story follows news this week that Funny or Die, the comedy website started by Will Ferrell and Adam McKay and backed by Sequoia Capital, had hired an investment bank to explore sale opportunities.
Hannah said The Onion Inc., which has reinvented "America's Finest News Source" as a diverse digital media company in recent years, is growing, but is looking for partners to accelerate its growth.
"It takes capital to grow a company and there is no better time to raise it than when your brand(s) and business is going strong," Hannah said in the memo.
0
In addition to its namesake satirical website, The Onion portfolio includes entertainment website A.V. Club, Onion Labs and the recently launched ClickHole. In an email to the Tribune on Friday, Hannah said the digital-only company is growing and profitable.
"The last 18 months have been a transformative chapter in The Onion's history. We went from being a traditional publishing company to an all-digital, all-day operation," Hannah said in the email. "Our audience has grown impressively. Our revenues have done likewise. And our profitability has gone up and up."
Founded in 1988 by students at the University of Wisconsin at Madison, The Onion grew to national prominence by parodying the gravitas of newspapers with satirical headlines and stories, such as "Drugs Win Drug War." It staked out online turf in 1996 with the launch of TheOnion.com, sharing content between print and digital.
Current owners bought The Onion in 2001, led by money manager David Schafer. The editorial staff relocated to New York that year, leaving behind the corporate headquarters in Wisconsin. A former executive editor at the Milwaukee Journal, Hannah took the helm three years later.
Hannah moved the headquarters to Chicago in 2007, hoping to consolidate editorial and business operations here. That became an imperative during the Great Recession, when red ink forced The Onion to chart a new course — phasing out print operations and focusing on its websites.
The Onion relocated its editorial operations to Chicago in 2012.
The Onion newspaper ended its print run in December. In addition to its comedy websites, The Onion branched into advertising with the launch of Onion Labs in 2012. Onion Labs creates branded video content with The Onion's comedic sensibility for a growing list of advertisers, according to executives.
"The building of Onion Labs, the development arm of the company, has been absolutely crucial to our success," Hannah said in the email. "Labs has not only spurred development of new editorial products — like ClickHole, which has been a resounding success — but it has put our comedy and pop culture creative capabilities to work for a blue chip roster of brands."
In the memo, Hannah said The Onion has had follow-up conversations with numerous parties in recent months, as the company looks for a partner "to fund new initiatives." Whether that leads to an outright sale remains to be seen.
"This could be a good time for us to take on an investor — but it has to be the right one," Hannah said in the memo.

Thanksgiving s 46 million turkeys get costlier as supply shrinksThanksgiving's 46 million turkeys get costlier as supply shrinks
TURKEYS
Grocers are paying high wholesale prices for turkeys.
Grocers are paying high wholesale prices for turkeys.
By Megan Durisin, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
CHICAGO — Recent history suggests Americans will eat some 46 million turkeys during Thanksgiving, give or take a few birds.
The problem is that supplies are dropping. While that doesn't mean stores will run out of turkeys before you buy one, costs are climbing. U.S. grocers are currently paying the highest prices ever at the wholesale level.
Farmers produced 4.239 billion pounds (1.47 million metric tons) in the nine months through September, down 3.3 percent from a year earlier, government data show. Wholesale prices tracked by researcher Urner Barry have jumped 16 percent from a year earlier to a record $1.24 a pound in the week ended Nov. 10, signaling higher costs for supermarkets that usually sell turkey at a discount to spur more holiday business.
More than 20 percent of annual turkey consumption occurs on Thanksgiving, which will be celebrated this year on Nov. 27, the National Turkey Federation estimates. The industry is still recovering from the record-high cost of feed grain during a 2012 drought, which forced reductions in cattle, hog and poultry output and sent meat prices surging. Feed accounts for about two-thirds of the cost of raising turkeys.
"There were quite a bit of cutbacks over the last two years," fueling higher prices that were "desperately needed to cover the actual cost of the product," said Kerry Doughty, the chief executive officer of Butterball. The Garner, North Carolina-based company said it supplies one of every four birds sold in the U.S. during Thanksgiving and Christmas.
0
Last year, the cost of feeding 10 people a traditional Thanksgiving meal of turkey, rolls, cranberries and nine other items was $49.04, on average, the lowest since 2010, according to the American Farm Bureau Federation. The group is scheduled to update its estimate for this year on Nov. 20.
As of Sept. 30, 297.2 million pounds of whole turkeys were in frozen storage, the lowest for the date since 2011, and inventories of all frozen turkey meat touched 484.5 million pounds, a four-year low, USDA data show.
Tighter supplies are pushing up meat prices more than any other food group in the United States. Pork chops and ground beef climbed to record highs in September, after a deadly pig virus killed millions of animals and the cattle herd started the year at the smallest since 1951, government data show.
Those price increases are leaking into the poultry market as consumers switch to cheaper alternatives to beef and pork, said Alex Melton, an economist with the USDA Economic Research Service in Washington. Wholesale prices for 8-pound to 16-pound turkeys will average $1.12 to $1.16 a pound in the current quarter, the highest among records going back to 1993, the USDA estimates.
Higher wholesale prices may not mean a bigger bill for consumers. Grocers probably will sell birds "well below" costs to lure shoppers, said Jennifer Bartashus, a Bloomberg Intelligence analyst. Retail whole frozen turkey averaged $1.584 a pound in September, the lowest for that time of year since 2010, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
"They're generally loss-leading items," Bartashus said. "The low turkey price is the enticement to get people into their store."
West Des Moines, Iowa-based Hy-Vee Inc., with 235 stores in eight Midwestern states, is giving away one frozen turkey of 10 pounds to 14 pounds to all customers who purchase a ham through Thanksgiving, said Tara Deering-Hansen, a spokeswoman. The same promotion has been in place for six years.
Meijer Inc., with 213 supermarkets in Michigan, Illinois, Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky, is offering discounts of 50 percent on all turkeys if customers spend $20 at their stores, which sold 700,000 turkeys last November. With the promotion, frozen Meijer-brand turkeys fetch 54 cents a pound, down from 66 cents a year earlier for a 12-pounder, the Grand Rapids, Michigan- based company said.
"A Thanksgiving meal really isn't complete without the turkey," said Matthew Craig, director of Meijer's meat and seafood department.
Of more than 210 million turkeys consumed in the U.S. during 2012, 46 million were eaten on Thanksgiving, 22 million at Christmas and 19 million during Easter, the National Turkey Federation said, based on the most recent data available.
Many stores arrange purchases of holiday birds months in advance, when wholesale prices were lower, said Thomas Elam, president of Farm Econ in Carmel, Indiana.
Butterball expects a 3 percent increase in sales for November and December to about 20 million birds, weighing 16 pounds each on average, CEO Doughty said. With "absolutely outstanding" growth and health of turkeys this year, total poundage for fresh birds will be up 12 percent to 15 percent, he said. Last year, the company faced "limited availability" before Thanksgiving amid a decline in weight gains.
Output will rebound next year as the cost of feed declines, Butterball's Doughty said. Production fell after a drought in 2012 sent corn to a record $8.49 a bushel. Since July, corn traded below $4 until Thursday, touching a five-year low last month. An index of turkey-feed cost in September was 17 percent less than the same month in 2013, USDA data show. Once they hatch, turkeys typically reach slaughter weight after four or five months of eating mostly grain or soybean meal, according to the USDA.
"The turkey industry is just starting to expand right now," said Russell Whitman, vice president of the Toms River, New Jersey-based Urner Barry's poultry division.
Production next year will climb 3.2 percent to 5.925 billion pounds, the most since 2008, the USDA estimates. Turkey eggs in incubators at the start of October were up 5 percent from a year earlier, and hatchings of the young birds in September rose 9 percent, the data show.
"The low-priced feed is just coming in now," said Corinne Alexander, an agricultural economist at Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana. "By next year, we'll be looking at lower turkey prices."

Electric vehicle charging stations ready to roll after long delayElectric vehicle charging stations ready to roll after long delay
Jose M. Osorio
Charging stations for electric vehicles inside the parking garage at Whole Foods (3640 N. Halsted St.) in Chicago in May.
Charging stations for electric vehicles inside the parking garage at Whole Foods (3640 N. Halsted St.) in Chicago in May. (Jose M. Osorio)
It's taken 4 years, but fast-charging stations for electric cars are powering up around the area.
Nissan, NRG partner to jump-start ailing charging station network in Chicago
The final chapter in Chicago's EV charging station saga
Nearly four years after Chicago announced a rollout of charging stations for electric vehicles across the region, the long-stalled project is moving forward with the help of Nissan and NRG eVgo, a subsidiary of NRG Energy.
Arlington Heights-based JNS Holdings, owner of the beleaguered project, is handing over the area's direct-current fast chargers to eVgo. The companies promise the system will be "comprehensive and reliable."
Nissan will give people who buy or lease its fully electric Leaf vehicles free access to the charging stations for two years.
Two electric-powered CTA buses will begin service during Wednesday evening's rush period, in the latest move to reduce the number of gas-guzzling, smog-belching vehicles in the fleet. ( Jon Hilkevitch )
A spokeswoman at eVgo said 17 fast chargers are in operation. Three more will be online in two weeks. By mid-December charging stations at Whole Foods locations are expected to be operating. By mid-January about 30 chargers will be operating.
For fast charging, two plans are offered: On the Go Total Plan ($14.95 per month plus 10 cents a minute) and the Flex Plan (No monthly fee/$4.95 per session plus 20 cents per minute).
8
The fast-charging stations will work with plug-in vehicles from Kia, Mitsubishi, Nissan and Tesla. Vehicles manufactured before a standard fast-charging coupler was developed might not be able to use the charging stations. But that is expected to change with planned updates.
Glen Stancil, vice president in charge of market entry strategy and product development at eVgo, said the company is working to upgrade already installed charging units with newer couplers. Stancil also said units will be upgraded so people can pay for charging with a credit card or an iPhone.
Brendan Jones, director of electric vehicle sales and infrastructure deployment at Nissan, said data the company has collected confirms there is high demand for fast-charging stations; some are used up to 42 times a day, he said.
The average driver also stays for about 15 minutes as the car is charged. That means charging locations stand to cash in with other sales. "We're pretty close to the nine to 12 minutes people spend at a gas station that has a restaurant and a couple of convenience stores on-site," Jones said.
Jones would not comment on the financial details of the transaction. JNS did not respond to a call and email requesting comment Friday. Stancil said eVgo and JNS have a revenue sharing agreement.
In early 2011 Chicago promised to complete one of the largest and fastest-charging networks in the country. The original plan called for 73 fast charging stations.
@Kasha11 Better to have a run down battery there than on the Dan Ryan or the Bishop Ford
ch47fixer

The Friday Exit: How to sell others on your dreams2
Ana Dutra, the new president and CEO of the Executives’ Club of Chicago, spoke with Kate MacArthur about her efforts to diversify the membership and programming of the club while increasing its focus on innovation. “We can distinguish ourselves by bringing in the disruptive leaders, thinkers and ideas,” she said.
Kathy Thornton-Bias, president of Deerfield-based Bang & Olufsen America, told Novid Parsi that she needs to grow awareness of the high-end audio and home theater brand on this continent. She also faces the interesting challenge of selling products that are meant to last (and priced as such) in a world hooked on constant upgrades.
Call it an adjacency: 1871 CEO Howard Tullman and COO Tom Alexander traveled to Mexico City this week to announce a collaboration with Startup Mexico. “People talk about India or China from a volume standpoint,” Tullman said. “But in terms of really being able to drop your business or solution into major economies, those are a lot more challenging than countries that are adjacent to the U.S.” 1871’s growing global connections call to mind one truly epic question: Can you imagine having to translate the lightning-fast-talking Tullman?
Chicago startup Shiftgig, a LinkedIn-style online community that helps service workers find jobs, has raised $10 million to fund its growth — and that sum has been supplied entirely by Chicago investors, says CEO Eddie Lou. Chicago Confidential columnist Melissa Harris wrote about the big Chicago money chasing potentially big ideas.
Alex Smith, chief product officer at kinetic charger Ampy, told us how the founders examined how consumers would use the product: using improv “to understand how the user would interact with the product, like when they’re carrying a baby or wearing a suit. You have to wear the masks of these different characters to understand their problems.” It raised more than $300,000 on Kickstarter.
Reveal, another Kickstarter story , is like a picture frame, only with no … frame. There’s nothing digital about it, but it won’t break your fingernails. The idea came out of a Chicago Ideas Week brainstorming session about products that could be made at a metal fabricating company.
Hub contributor Andy Crestodina of Orbit Media wrote about superfans — identifying yours and super-serving them. If you're not a Blue Sky superfan, email ahanis@tribune.com and tell me how we can make you one.
The Chicago Tribune has a new, free app that allows you to customize how you experience the Tribune. If you only want to read about the Bears (haha) and Blue Sky, you can arrange that. I hope you’ll check it out. 
The Business section released its annual Top Workplaces report this week, with a focus on how companies can retain top talent as the job market improves. See who ranked high on the list.
Also, if you want to talk mission-driven work? Check out this  short video about our colleagues David Jackson and Gary Marx, of whom we are superfans. Would people choke up at a powerful story that reaches its peak with an image of your well-worn business card? If not, you've got some work to do.
In the meantime, enjoy your weekend.

Tire rotations  high mileage oil  air bag lights: Motormouth solves auto woesGas tank empty on your shiny new 2014 Toyota Corolla? ( Jim Mateja, Special to Tribune Newspapers )
Q: I have a 2002 Impala where the air bag light has been coming off and on since 2012 although it is on almost all of the time now. The independent shop could find no codes coming up, and they had no idea why this was happening. My son now drives the car, and I want to get this fixed as I read that the air bag might not deploy if the light is on. Is that true?
— D.K., Deerfield, Ill.
A: Was your car in a flood? Does it have any water leaks? According to a GM service bulletin, "…if the interior is exposed to moisture and becomes soaked up to the level of the sensing and diagnostic module (SDM), the SDM and SDM harness connector must be replaced. The SDM could be activated when powered, which could cause air bag deployment and result in personal injury." Our advice is to replace the SDM if it shows signs of water exposure or corrosion.
Q: In 2003, I was involved in a car accident and lost the use of my right foot. I learned to drive with a handicap left foot gas pedal that presses a metal bar (running along the base of the car) that in turn depresses the regular right foot gas pedal. I drive a 2006 Nissan Xterra, and I've noticed that when the light turns green, I am accelerating faster than the other cars. Will this hurt the car?
— M.H., Northbrook, Ill.
A: It won't hurt the car but may have a slight impact on fuel economy. Jackrabbit starts and sudden stops without coasting down waste gas. It may also unwittingly get you into a drag race with the guy beside you. Make sure it is not a cop.
Q: Is "high mileage" oil worth the extra cost, or is it just a marketing gimmick?
— R.S., Carol Stream, Ill.
Hey Trib: I'd love for this column to have a more prominent place on the home page....
Chauntikleer

VA Secretary: Weve got to design this organization so it doesnt depend on my cellphoneBy Emily Wax-Thibodeaux November 14 Follow @emily_wax
U.S. Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert A. McDonald (right) speaks as U.S. Rep. Jeff Miller (R-Fla.), Chairman of the House Committee on Veterans Affairs, watches during a news conference on Oct. 1, 2014. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)
Robert McDonald, the new secretary of the beleaguered Department of Veterans Affairs, promised to fix the scandal-tainted agency this year, vowing to put former troops at the heart of his strategy.
The former CEO of consumer-goods giant Procter & Gamble has been pushing to refocus the VA on customer service. He promised to “flatten” the power structure inside the country’s second-largest federal agency, which oversees the GI Bill education, home-loan benefits and largest health-care system in the country.
“Call me Bob, I’m Bob,” the secretary said, drawing a pyramid on the back of a placard that explained his reform plan. He wrote “veterans” at the top and put himself at the bottom.
To that end, we at the Federal Eye asked for his personal cellphone number, and he gave it out. In front of a roomful of reporters. On live television. And we published it.
Since then, he has received about 900 phone calls or text messages, and “we probably have solved about 25 to 30 percent of the issues,” he said. Some had trouble with their benefits, others with wait times.
“The responses I get from the veterans, where we’ve solved their issue, are quite fulfilling,” he said at a 90-minute meeting last week to a dozen Veterans Service Organizations.
“But the point is, we’ve got to design this organization so it doesn’t depend on my cellphone.”
When dialed, his cellphone is often busy. But he does still often answer his phone.
On the eve of Veterans Day, McDonald said that “the largest restructuring in the department’s history is under way” and that at least 35 people are facing disciplinary action, with as many as 1,000 to follow.
The action follows a nationwide scandal in the summer over thousands of veterans waiting for health care. The problems involved falsification of scheduling records to hide treatment delays and retaliation against whistleblowers.
“It’s not a scam or a gimmick giving out my number,” he said in a recent interview over his phone. “We are committed to serving the veteran.”
More than 2.5 million Americans have served in Iraq and Afghanistan since Sept. 11, the longest period of warfare in the country’s history.
Veterans say that the VA is a black hole of bureaucracy, with confusing Web sites and a time consuming patient-care system.
While McDonald attempts to fix it, they still have their leader’s cellphone digits.
Emily Wax-Thibodeaux is a National staff writer who covers veterans, veterans' affairs and the culture of government. She's an award-winning former foreign correspondent who covered Africa and India for nearly a decade. She also covered immigration, crime and education for the Metro staff.

Minot Air Force Base troubles highlighted in nuclear weapons reportBy Dan Lamothe November 14 Follow @danlamothe
U.S. Air Force Staff Sgt. John Bonebreak, left, with the 91st Security Forces Group, signals to direct other troops during an exercise at the Minot Air Force Base missile field complex near Minot, N.D., in 2013. The base was cited in a new Pentagon report for its crumbling infrastructure, extreme isolation and bad weather. (Photo by Senior Master Sgt. David H. Lipp/ U.S. Air National Guard)
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel traveled Friday to Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota after announcing that the Pentagon will address a series of problems it found in a review of nuclear weapons programs this year. It’s no accident: the base is cited at length in the review for its crumbling infrastructure and the effect on troops of its bad weather and extreme isolation. Officials warned that if “the current trend of complacency” in managing the facility continues, it could lead to failure with major consequences.
The base is less than 50 miles from the Canadian border in oil-rich central North Dakota, and is the only military installation in America that includes both nuclear missile silos and bomber planes that drop nuclear bombs. But many of the troops stationed at it leave as soon as they can in the face of limited resources, the review’s report said.
“This unique and challenging set of circumstances should call for special attention and additional support at Minot AFB,” according to the report, which includes an entire section devoted to concerns about the base. “Instead, there are important instances where the opposite has occurred.”
Retired Air Force Gen. Larry D. Welch, who led the review with retired Navy Adm. John Harvey, told reporters Friday that at the height of the Cold War, service members at Minot prided themselves on having the toughest mission in the Air Force. As the emphasis in Washington shifted to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, that sense of importance gradually disappeared.
“So then when you look at Minot today, you find some of the oldest maintenance facilities in the Air Force,” said Welch, who served as the service’s top officer from 1986 to 1990. “You find an extreme reluctance to accept an assignment to Minot.”
After a series of embarrassing lapses in the U.S. nuclear force, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel is now ordering a top to bottom overhaul of how the force is managed. (AP)
The weather has always been brutal, with sub-zero temperatures and heavy snow common in the winter. But troops on base face other issues, too. On-base day care hours do not accommodate a 12-hour shift, although that is standard for troops working maintenance jobs, the report said. The base commissary store’s hours also have been reduced; it is closed on Monday and frequently short on perishable food items on the weekend.
“Further issues include reduced manning at the base medical clinic while the load on the off-base facilities has increased,” the report said. “The wait at the clinic pharmacy is often an hour or more.”
Nuclear launch officers and enlisted security forces all are required to drive to missile silos that are spread across hundreds of miles of terrain. They’ve raised concerns in the past about whether they had appropriate vehicles to do so in bad weather — something the service will address now, with the purchase of 26 four-wheel drive vehicles.
Air Force officials said a number of other upgrades will occur at Minot as the service works to make service in the nuclear force more appealing. That includes redirecting about $10 million to buy maintenance parts and equipment and adding $1 million to improve quality of life programs on base and missile launch facilities. The service has funded 48 separate projects at Minot to renovate buildings, improve storm drainage, add airfield lighting and refurbish missile alert facilities.
Current Air Force personnel policy also has played a role in the problems at Minot, the report said. A “base of preference’ program allows troops at Minot to be transferred out three years into a four-year enlistment, creating a brain drain.
“Given the lengthy nuclear training and qualification process, an Airman in critical specialties, such as missile maintenance, is likely to have just reached an effective level of proficiency at the three-year point,” the report said.
In October, Air Force officials added incentive pay of up to $300 per month to encourage service members to stay in the nuclear force. Global Strike Command, which oversees Air Force nuclear weapons, also has added 303 new positions on the base, part of a broader effort that calls for 1,00 new civilian and military jobs. Of the new jobs at Minot, 234 will be in the 91st Missile Wing, which oversees nuclear missiles.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Motor homing: What s your price for flight0
Manners says he initially had hoped to retire to an air park in Florida where he could fly the plane he was building and enjoy the setting. When health issues kept him from renewing his pilot's license, he rewrote his plans and decided to try living in a motor home park in Ocala at least during the winter months.
"I bought the Mountain Aire from a man in Warren (Mich.). It had only 18,000 miles on it and the price was good," Manners says. Before writing a check he took the vehicle to a garage for a thorough inspection. It passed. For service, he uses a local business that specializes in RVs.
Not wanting to brave January driving in such a large vehicle, Manners took the motor home out of local storage in October, drove it to Florida, parked it and flew home. He'll drive his Envoy to Florida early next year packed with an electronic keyboard for practicing, his dog for company and "everything I forgot to take in the motor home in October."
Overnight
Nicer stopovers might run $40-$50 a day including fees and amenities. Many travelers need sewer hookups, and most would like electricity and fresh water.
Those who want to save money and rough it might use highway rest stops, truck stops or accept the hospitality of the Wal-Marts that allow overnight parking in their lots. The website RVtravel.com suggests asking the Wal-Mart store manager for approval, parking at the edge of the lot, using only your parking space (don't plan to set up chairs outside and use your vehicle's pullout sides) and take your trash with you.
World travelers Joyce and Bob Myers of Detroit, who undoubtedly have stayed in some first-rate hotels, found the Wal-Mart lot quite comfortable.
"There are no hookups for water and electricity, but we had what we needed in our motor home and just pulled the shades down for a good sleep," says Joyce.
Truck stops are good places to flush your tanks, she adds, and sometimes the food there is good.
The Myerses already knew the drill on flushing and refilling tanks from being boat owners. The motor home honeymoon didn't last long, however. After a few years, a couple of trips across the country and 25,000 miles, they gave the motor home, which they had bought used, to a son.
"We were too busy to use it," Myers says.
Driving tips
Myers said she never drove the motor home. The couple towed a compact car and she thought it would be too much for her to manage safely, even with good mirrors. But it was Julianne Vanden Wyngaard who took the test drive in the couple's 42-foot motor home.
Taking test drives is recommended by manufacturers and owners. The Vanden Wyngaards' vehicle, fully loaded including water and fuel, weighs around 47,000 pounds, she says. A towed vehicle adds to that. A motor home is a large target for crosswinds; slippery roads are a danger.
While her husband, Joe, does most of the driving because he enjoys it, she knows she can, as well.
"The man who was with me on the test drive congratulated me when I made a right-hand turn because I didn't hit a lamppost," she says. "I answered, 'what lamppost?' because I hadn't even seen it."
Other cost considerations
•When it comes to fuel economy, more MPH equals fewer MPG. Paul Manners reports 9 miles per gallon from a his Ford Triton V-10 when he averages 55-57 miles per hour.
•A motor home can qualify as a second home. The tax break is on the interest paid on the vehicle loan. In some states, a portion of the vehicle registration and of the state sales tax paid is deductible.
•Pets travel free in a motor home — except for their meals and supplies.

Should Westerners who joined the Islamic State be barred from returning homeBy Adam Taylor November 14 Follow @mradamtaylor
An image downloaded June 11 from the jihadist Web site Welayat Salahuddin shows militants of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant waving the trademark Islamist flag after they allegedly seized an Iraqi army checkpoint in the northern Iraqi province of Salahuddin. (Ho/Welayat Salahuddin via AFP)
British security services estimate that there are 500 or so U.K. citizens fighting with the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. If you include the Brits fighting with other extremists groups, the number of British "foreign fighters" expands considerably. These people may have spent months or years being steeped in extremist culture and receiving military training, yet they are still British citizens. It begs an uncomfortable question: What happens when they finally return home?
The British government thinks it has found a workable solution to that quandary: Don't let them return.
On Friday, Prime Minister David Cameron announced remarkable new terror laws that sought to tackle Britain's foreign fighter problem. "We will shortly be introducing our own new Counter-Terrorism Bill in the United Kingdom," Cameron said in a speech in Australia. "New powers for police at ports to seize passports, to stop suspects travelling and to stop British nationals returning to the U.K. unless they do so on our terms."
It's radical thinking, but the concept of blocking the return of extremists appears to be catching on. Canada has already begun revoking the passports of citizens who travel to Iraq and Syria to join extremist groups. “I just don’t want to get into the numbers, but multiple cases," Citizenship and Immigration Minister Chris Alexander told the Globe and Mail in September .  Norway has mulled a similar tactic , while  Australia has proposed tough new laws that allow them to jail anyone who has been to an area where terrorists have been fighting.
The logic behind the move is understandable. As the head of London's anti-terror police unit put it recently , it seems "almost inevitable" that a returning British citizen would try to mount attacks in the United Kingdom.
But by focusing on the threat, Western countries could end up ignoring the potential upside of the return of disillusioned jihadists.
While some foreign fighters in Syria and Iraq have gained infamy (the now-notorious  Jihadi John , for example), other Westerners have clearly had a tougher time out there. Rita Katz, a terrorism analyst and co-founder of the Search for International Terrorist Entities Intelligence Group, today  wrote a report that noted that many foreign fighters had begun asking hard questions about their lifestyle on social media. "How long will we remain here?" Katz paraphrased. "And what happens next?"
It seems likely that some of these people are simply not cut out for the hard lifestyle of a jihadist, but others may well have become disillusioned with the Islamic State and other extremist groups ideologically. As The Post's Griff Witte reported recently , many analysts in London are wondering whether foreign fighters who've had a change of heart could actually be useful for the British government.
“They've been sold a lie. They didn’t sign up for this sort of barbaric behavior, and now they want out,” Hanif Qadir, chief executive of the  Active Change Foundation (ACF), an anti-extremist group , told Witte. Qadir himself had once traveled to Afghanistan and Pakistan shortly after the War on Terror began, enticed by extremists, but returned later after feeling that al-Qaeda and the Taliban were hypocritical.
“You can't look at these individuals as potential threats," Qadir said. "You have to look at them as potential assets.”
Some countries have tried this tactic. Denmark, for instance, has tried to integrate them , offering free psychological counseling and working to find them jobs or education. It's been a controversial tactic, but has produced some hopeful results so far.
The British government's proposed law does have some leeway that might allow British foreign fighters who pose no threat to return. According to the BBC , British citizens who had fought abroad may be given the option to give themselves up at the border. Depending on their situation, they might face prosecution, yet they also may get away with some form of supervision by British security forces.
However, at its most extreme, the proposed law also allows Britons who fought abroad to be banned from entering the country. While these bans will only last two years, they can be renewed indefinitely. In effect, these British foreign fighters could be made stateless. This could have some difficult repercussions for international relations and fit into a broader history of using statelessness as a punitive measure .
It's a double-edged sword. Cameron's proposed law may well provide security at home, at least temporarily. But a policy of exclusion could further alienate a minority who already feel dangerously excluded. And more worryingly, there seems to be little evidence that it'd help the global fight against the Islamic State and other extremist groups. Osama bin Laden had his Saudi citizenship stripped from him back in 1991 , after all.
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Trump Taj Mahal Slated to Close by Dec. 12
Risk tolerance matters when making cash-flow decision0
Kadish typically avoids fixed annuities, because of the low interest-rate environment, and equity-indexed annuities, because of their costs, but he has been using FDIC-insured bank products such as principally protected CDs for clients with very little risk tolerance.
If you're healthy and expect to live another 20 or more years — and are withdrawing more than about $20,000 from the portfolio annually — then sitting on your hands isn't a good option much longer. Even if withdrawals are modest, the effects of inflation could ravage your nest egg over time.
Plain-vanilla CDs offered by online banks were paying about 2.3 percent annually for five-year terms recently. That's certainly better than many local bank savings accounts.
Q. In a recent article, it is mentioned that Social Security's maximum individual benefit for workers retiring at full retirement age is $2,663 per month. I have inquired about my own in the past and although I'm not near the full retirement age, have found that my benefit was somewhat short of this amount.
How does a person increase their benefit based on full retirement age? Is it based on your total earnings and amount contributed? And will my benefit increase each year up until retirement? Is there a formula that we could use to assist us on calculating our benefit? These questions would be without adjusting for early retirement or waiting until 70 to start withdrawals, as I know this would adjust our benefit accordingly.
A. Social Security benefits are based on your payroll taxes paid, but not necessarily your total earnings. For 2015, earnings up to $118,500 are subject to Social Security taxes. Benefit estimates from the Social Security Administration assume you will continue to work at your current salary until retirement age. You can try out different scenarios at the SSA website, ssa.gov/retire2/estimator.htm .
Good for you for taking an interest in learning how these benefits are calculated, because there is a lot of confusion around it, Kadish said.
"After sitting with thousands of people over 20 years, I will tell you that assuming (clients) know nothing about this has been a good strategy," the adviser said. "I've worked with a lot of intelligent, successful people, but this is not their thing."
Once you're up to speed on your own benefit, you'll then need to figure out your best claiming strategy, which could be different depending on whether you are or were married or whether you'll be working after you begin taking benefits.
Share your journey to or through retirement or ask a question at journey@janetkiddstewart.com .

Podcast: Jim Moffatt on leadershipJim Moffatt, chairman and chief executive of Deloitte Consulting (Photo by The Washington Post)
LISTEN: A conversation with Deloitte Consulting's Jim Moffatt 
http://wp-stat.washingtonpost.com/podcasts/Jim-Moffatt-final-podcast.mp3
 
This week our podcast features Jim Moffatt, the chairman and chief executive of Deloitte Consulting. In this conversation, Moffatt talks about the evolution of his 27-year career at Deloitte, what he's learned are the most and least effective CEO traits, and the best career advice he ever received.
You can subscribe to our On Leadership podcast on iTunes to hear all of our weekly conversations on life, character and advice, featuring influential figures from across business, politics, science and the arts:

Obamacare 2.0: What you need to know
Illinois governments face loss of more than $50 million in fraud scheme12
At the center of the investigation is Nikesh Patel, 31, chief executive of Orlando-based First Farmers Financial, who was arrested in September and released on bond. Patel is alleged to have originated about 25 loans totaling more than $150 million, according to a criminal complaint filed by the FBI on Sept. 29.
Court papers say Patel was an authorized lender in a loan program run by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The program helps borrowers who promote economic development or conservation.
Patel sold the loans to Pennant Management under the false pretense that the securities were guaranteed by the USDA, court documents said. The FBI said fabricated loan guarantee forms and forged signatures were used in connection with the loans.
Pennant acquired the loans as part of repurchase agreements. Under the arrangement, Pennant gave First Farmers cash for loans with the promise First Farmers would repurchase the loans. The loans serve as collateral in the repos.
In a civil lawsuit filed in federal court in Chicago against Patel, Pennant said that Patel invented borrowers and that the loans are worthless. Patel used the loan proceeds to buy real estate, other investments and a luxury home in Florida, the suit said.
Mark Elste, Pennant's CEO, declined comment.
Through litigation, Pennant has seized some of First Farmers' assets, according to IMET communications. The judge in the civil suit has appointed a receiver to gather and liquidate the assets.
Patel's lawyer, Mark NeJame, said his client believes it's best that the assets he's acquired be sold and the funds repaid to Pennant to satisfy his company's obligations and make investors whole.
"In my years of practice, I've never seen anybody so willing and upfront as Nik Patel has been to satisfy an obligation," NeJame said.
IMET is more cautious about its ability to recover the $50 million.
"Pursuing such claims could take a significant amount of time and expense to resolve and likely would result in IMET recovering less than the full principal and interest amounts owed on the loans," the fund said in a letter to members.
Pennant also asked the USDA to honor its guarantees and buy the loans. On Oct. 21, the USDA denied the request.
In a response to written questions, the USDA said, "The documents did not reference any loans that were subject to valid loan guarantees issued under USDA's business and industry loan program."
The agency added that has referred the fraud allegations to its inspector general for evaluation.
IMET hired Pennant, whose parent company is based in Lisle, in June 2012. Up until then, the Convenience Fund had invested in certificates of deposits and other interest-bearing bank deposits.
IMET owns one more repurchase agreement recommended by Pennant with a value of $74.8 million, according to its documents. While the asset is not impaired, IMET is in the process of selling the repo, it has told members.
IMET was one of the largest investors in the repurchase agreements acquired by Pennant involving First Farmers. Pennant's clients are largely located in Illinois and include community banks and retirement plans, according to court papers.
At least two banks, Harvard Savings Bank in Harvard, Ill., and Blackhawk Bancorp based in Beloit, Wis., have reported losses on the repos. The holding company for Harvard Savings Bank disclosed Monday that $8.5 million of its $18.1 million investment in the repos is impaired. It has hired advisers to evaluate "its strategic options," a euphemism for putting the bank up for sale.
A call to the bank's CEO was not returned.

The More We Learn About Psychedelic Mushrooms  The More Fascinating They BecomeWhat We Really Know About Psychedelic Mushrooms
Posted:
reddit
For centuries, "magic" mushrooms have been both celebrated and reviled for their mind-expanding properties.
Research and popular use of psychedelic drugs like mushrooms and LSD surged in the 1960s, when the substances first entered the American cultural consciousness on a large scale, and came to define '60s counterculture. At this time, thousands of studies were conducted to determine the properties and potential therapeutic applications of the drugs. But in 1970, the Controlled Substances Act brought an end to this era of science-based open-mindedness, and greatly limited drug research for the next four decades.
Today, research on psychedelic drugs is experiencing a renaissance of sorts . A growing body of scientific studies from major universities and medical centers suggests that the substances may hold promise as therapeutic interventions for a number of mental health conditions.
'Shrooms are known to trigger hallucinations, feelings of euphoria, perceptual distortions, inability to distinguish fantasy from reality, and sometimes a mystical feelings of oneness with nature. Because of their ability to temporarily create profound changes in consciousness, and sometimes lasting changes in psychological well-being, mushrooms have been an area of particular interest among both scientists and recreational drug users.
Here's what else we know about mushrooms, what they do the human brain, and how.
Psychedelic mushrooms grow naturally all over the world.
According to most estimates, more than 180 species of fungus produce psilocybin or psilocin, the two psychoactive substances most commonly associated with psychedelic mushrooms. While not all "magic mushrooms" rely on these compounds to produce mind-altering effects, the majority of fungus now used for recreational and entheogenic purposes are fruiting bodies from the genus Psilocybe, though species in other genera also contain psilocybin or psilocin. Psilocybin mushrooms grow naturally across a variety of climates and on every continent except Antarctica .
Psilocybe cubensis before cultivation. (Photo by Getty Images)
Mycologists -- biologists who specialize in the study of fungus -- believe that psilocybin and psilocin, as well as a number of other naturally occurring compounds, serve as an evolutionary defense mechanism for these species. While many of the psilocybin mushrooms typically consumed by humans don't contain enough of these chemicals to be fatally toxic, at least to adults, they are potent enough to deter predation by many other species. A trio of goats made news a few years back when they reportedly ate psilocybin mushrooms and started acting strange, for example. The animals were sick and disoriented, according to their owner, but returned to normal after a few days. Humans who eat mushrooms may exhibit similar symptoms of physical discomfort -- along with intense psychological effects that the goats obviously couldn't articulate.
Two of the most common species of psychedelic mushrooms are Psilocybe cubensis , the most popular on the black market, and Psilocybe semilanceata , the most widespread in the wild. Both of these species grow in the United States, though they have been known to appear in different climates. The concentration of psilocybin and psilocin present in each of these species has also been found to range greatly depending on the individual mushrooms.
Mushrooms have been used by humans for their reality-altering properties for thousands of years.
This basalt mushroom sculpture was created by the Mayans during the pre-Classic period (c. 2000 BC to AD 250). (Photo by Getty Images)
Fungi have inhabited the earth for more than 400 million years , and early ritualistic use of hallucinogenic mushrooms may date as far back as 9,000 years ago. Some anthropologists have argued that mushrooms held a central place in many early cultures -- including Greece, India and Mesoamerican cultures -- and have had a profound impact on human evolution. According to one radical theory from philosopher Terence McKenna , the incorporation of psychedelics (particularly magic mushrooms) into primitive diets may have been the catalyst for significant evolutionary advances, including the development of self-awareness and language.
Anthropologists have speculated that magic mushrooms may have been the inspiration for prehistoric rock paintings in the Sahara desert, which prominently feature mushroom imagery. They may have played a role in the evolution of Christianity, as well. Philologist John Allegro, who translated the Dead Sea Scrolls, has presented evidence for worship of psychedelic mushrooms in the early Christian era.
Historically, psychedelic mushrooms have been perhaps most widely associated with the ancient Maya . Mushroom stones and motifs have been found in Mayan temple ruins, and several varieties of psilocybin, as well as hallucinogenic Amanita muscaria mushrooms, were thought to have been available to the Mayans. Mushrooms are a common trope in Mayan art, and their symbolism often connects mushrooms with a “dreamlike state” -- for instance, a man with mushrooms all over his feet. The fact that these scenes are depicted in Mayan art and even in the codices suggests that mushroom use was an important aspect of society worthy of recording. Large mushroom stones can also be found throughout areas of Guatemala that were inhabited by the Mayans. While there are different theories to explain the presence of these stones, some have suggested that they were involved in ritual consumption of mushrooms, or that there may have even been cult worship around the mushrooms.
And the taboo surrounding psychedelic mushrooms is nothing new.
Psychologist and writer Timothy Leary conducted experiments on mushrooms in the 1960s through the Harvard Psilocybin Project.
When Western Christian conquistadors swept through Mesoamerica in the 16th century, they suppressed many aspects of traditional spiritual expression, including the use of mushrooms. Historians believe mushroom cults and shamans who used psilocybin to obtain what they believed to be a deeper understanding of the world were pushed underground , not to be widely rediscovered for hundreds of years.
But mushrooms still played an important medicinal and spiritual role in a number of indigenous cultures, despite their lengthy disappearance from the Western record. Fast-forward to 1955, when psychedelic mushrooms entered the American mainstream. R. Gordan Wasson -- author, ethnomycologist and vice president of JP Morgan & Co. -- and his wife Valentina became the first known non-native-Americans to actively participate in an indigenous Mazatec mushroom ceremony in Mexico. The Wassons published a popular article about their experiences, which appeared on the cover of Life Magazine in 1957 . The article inspired psychologist and psychedelic pioneer Timothy Leary to travel to Mexico and try it for himself. Leary and Richard Alpert (now Ram Dass) started the Harvard Psilocybin Project to promote research on psychedelics, which led to their dismissal from the university in 1963.
Leary and others' popularization of mushrooms led to the creation of a psychedelic underground, associated with the counterculture moment of the 1960s, and an explosion in their non-indigenous usage. It also inspired President Richard Nixon to label Leary "the most dangerous man in America."
Our understanding of mushrooms has been stunted by decades of prohibitive international and domestic law.
Nixon ushered in a new era of prohibitive law, marginalizing drug use along with research about its potential therapeutic aspects.
In 1970, Nixon passed the Controlled Substances Act as a precursor to what would soon be called the War on Drugs. Psilocybin and psilocin, as well as any "containers," i.e. mushrooms, holding these psychoactive compounds were determined to be Schedule I drugs, considered to have a high potential for abuse and no accepted medical use. A year later, with input from U.S. authorities , the United Nations Convention on Psychotropic Substances was passed, also making psilocybin and psilocin -- though not the mushrooms containing them -- Schedule I drugs.
Certain nations are relatively permissive when it comes to psychedelic mushrooms. Until 2008 in the Netherlands, the drugs were sold openly in special shops, though the law has since been changed to permit only the sale of a specific kind of psychedelic truffle . Other nations, like Brazil and Spain, operate on the language of the U.N. convention, which doesn't explicitly mention psychedelic mushrooms themselves.
In the U.S., laws regulating the growth, possession and harvesting of psychedelic mushrooms vary slightly by state. But it's safe to bet that no matter where you live, authorities will crack down hard on any and all hallucinogenic drugs, no matter how natural they are.
Which means much of the current debate focuses on recreational use and the black market trade that sustains it.
Homer Simpson goes on a psychedelic spiritual journey in "El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer) ," Season 8, Episode 9 of "The Simpsons."
Psilocybin mushroom grow naturally in a variety of habitats, from grasses and gardens, to rotting wood and animal feces. But with a healthy market for illegal psychedelic fungi, growers have taken to more reliable and controllable methods of cultivation in order to maximize profit.
Indoor operations frequently involve mushroom spores being injected into prepared beds of nutrients that are most frequently stored in jars or boxes. Given the proper conditions, the fungus can be fully grown and picked in a matter of days or weeks. Mushrooms that are specifically cultivated for recreational use are often harvested before they reach full maturity, when they contain more potent concentrations of psilocybin. After picking, mushrooms are dried in order to preserve the psychoactive ingredients within. Mushrooms are then typically eaten or boiled to make a tea.
Street prices for mushrooms vary, but the Drug Enforcement Administration puts them at about $20 for an eighth of an ounce -- considered a strong personal dose for a "trip" -- and $100 to $120 for an ounce. One particularly large bust of a mushroom growing ring in Ohio in 2013 reportedly turned up 503 pounds of material containing psilocybin, at a street value of more than $800,000.
Modern research has found that psilocybin can, quite literally, expand consciousness.
In a recent brain-scanning study , British researchers found that ingesting psilocybin caused normally disconnected brain regions to communicate with each other. FMRI scans showed that the connections aren’t random -- the brain retains its organizational features, but the connections are completely different than they are in a normal brain state. This helps to explain some of the common effects of psilocybin reported by users, such as new insights and world-shattering realizations, synesthesia and nonlinear thinking.
British researchers found significant differences in functional connectivity between a normal brain (left) and a brain on psilocybin (right).
Other research showed that psilocybin dampens activity in areas of the brain associated with sensory processing. Normally, these areas pose constraints on the way we experience the world through our senses, grounding us in material reality. By reducing activity in these areas, the senses are heightened and perception seems to expand. These brain regions are also the seat of the ego and are responsible for giving us our sense of self, so by hindering their activity, users often report experiences of oneness with the universe and interconnection.
Psilocybin also carries potential longterm effects, both positive and negative.
Mushroom users commonly report experiencing enhanced visual perception, with colors appearing more vibrant and surfaces appearing to melt or breathe.
Just one experience with psilocybin can have lasting positive emotional and psychological effects. Psychedelic experiences can make individuals more open-minded , Johns Hopkins researchers found. One “trip” was enough to cause significant changes in the “openness to experience” personality domain -- which is associated with creativity, intellectual curiosity and an appreciation for art and beauty -- for over a year.
It’s important to note, however, that while the risk of overdose is extremely low (a user would have to ingest over 35 pounds of fresh mushrooms to reach fatal levels of toxicity), experimenting with the substance doesn’t come without risk. Some users report experiences of heightened fear, anxiety and paranoia while tripping -- in some cases, if the panic reaction is great enough, they may pose a threat to themselves or others. Research has also found psilocybin to produce a psychosis-like syndrome that mirrors early episodes of schizophrenia , and some experts have suggested that psilocybin may trigger or exacerbate mental health conditions like schizophrenia, mania and depression. More research is needed to determine psilocybin’s potential longterm physical and mental health impacts.
Psilocybin could also have significant therapeutic uses.
The stigma of psychedelics may be slowly shifting as more and more research finds that substances like LSD and psilocybin show promise as therapeutic tools for dealing with a range of mental health problems.
Johns Hopkins researchers found that using small amounts of psilocybin in a controlled setting could lead to life-changing positive experiences that increased longterm psychological well-being. Fourteen months after the experience, a full 94 percent of the study’s subjects ranked taking the drug in a therapeutic setting as one of the top five most meaningful experiences of their lives, and 39 percent said it was the single most meaningful experience of their lives. Friends and family members also reported seeing positive changes in the subjects, saying that the experience had made them calmer, happier and kinder. The researchers said that they ultimately hope to see whether transcendent experiences, facilitated by taking psilocybin in therapeutic settings, could help treat conditions like addiction, depression and post-traumatic stress disorder.
Psilocybin is effective in reducing anxiety among terminal cancer patients, UCLA researchers found , and has also been shown to lead to a reduction in symptoms of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
The therapeutic uses could include potential treatment for PTSD and depression.
Magic mushrooms may be particularly promising as treatment for PTSD. A 2013 study found that psilocybin could alleviate the fear response in mice, a finding which may lay the foundation for future research on fear in humans.
By helping people to literally escape destructive thoughts, mushrooms could also be a promising treatment for depression. Depression is associated with over-connectivity of the default mode network -- the brain network associated with self-consciousness, rumination and introspection -- which can lead to excessive negative self-thought. Recent brain imaging studies from Imperial College London have shown magic mushrooms to quiet down the default mode network.
As Imperial College neuropsychopharmacology professor David Nutt told CNN , “This could create a paradigm shift to help people into a different state of thinking that they can then stay in."
But we have a long way to go to fully grasp the effects and potential uses for mushrooms.
Currently, the government does not fund psychedelic research , so funding is left in the hands of private organizations like the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies.
While the Western resistance to psychedelic research remains a stumbling block, scientists are optimistic.
"[Psilocybin therapy] is a tremendously interesting model in that a single dose can have therapeutic utility for months," Stephen Ross, director of addiction psychiatry at New York University Tisch Hospital, and principal investigator on the NYU Psilocybin Cancer Project, told Medscape last year . "That is a novel development in mental health."
Also on HuffPost:

On the Response to My OUT 100 Interviewreddit
I am thrilled that the comments I made in my cover interview for OUT 100 have generated a spirited dialogue about HIV/AIDS -- and the advent of a whole new class of preventative life saving medication. I am less thrilled that they were almost entirely misconstrued.  Perhaps I could have been more articulate -- but my comments were never meant to be incendiary or judgmental.
I am a staunch advocate for the rights and well-being of the LGBT community. I have deep compassion and empathy for people living with HIV/AIDS. I am assuredly not internally homophobic or poz-phobic or willfully ignorant regarding this issue. I am a well-adjusted and well-educated gay man. I have read and understand the way PrEP works, and at least the most basic science behind its practical applications -- although I am always open to learning more. I support and encourage the amazing work done by HIV/AIDS awareness organizations -- as well as the many research and treatment organizations that exist across the country and the world. I did not intend to make generalizations about the LGBT community at large -- or people living with HIV/AIDS or people in love with someone living with HIV/AIDS.
What troubles me -- and what I was trying to speak to in my interview -- is an attitude among (some of) the younger generation of gay men -- that we can let our guard down against this still very real threat to our collective well-being. I have had numerous conversations in my travels with young gay people who see the threat of HIV as diminished to the point of near irrelevance. I have heard too many stories of young people taking PrEP as an insurance policy against their tendency toward unprotected non-monogamous sex. THAT is my only outrage.
How gay men have sex with each other was unilaterally redefined for nearly two generations as a result of AIDS. I was simply trying to assert my belief that we need to be especially vigilant and accountable to ourselves and one another at this moment in our evolution. It is a tremendous advancement in the fight against the disease that scientists have developed this particular medication. But it's still early -- that's all. So if what I said -- however misconstrued -- plays some small part in generating more meaningful informative and passionate conversations -- particularly among the younger generation -- then I am grateful. And I can almost see it as a way of further serving the community that I deeply admire and respect -- and from which I am so proud to hail.
Follow Zachary Quinto on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ZacharyQuinto
More:

An Open Letter to Missouri Gov. Jay NixonAn imminent grand jury verdict in St. Louis County will determine whether to indict Ferguson police office Darren Wilson on criminal charges for shooting Michael Brown. News reports have detailed the expectation of violence in the St. Louis area after the decision is handed down and the mobilization being planned by law enforcement in response. This is an open letter to Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon urging him to maintain peace and protect those exercising their right to free speech. I encourage you to read the letter and join me and others across the country in signing it now . Your voice can make a difference. Sojourners will send the letter and signatures to the Gov. Nixon. -- Jim Wallis, Sojourners
Dear Gov. Nixon,
For the last several months, the nation's eyes have been on Ferguson, Missouri. Few had heard of this small St. Louis suburb until Michael Brown was shot and killed by a member of the city's police department -- whose mission is supposedly to serve and protect. Now this community is an infamous global symbol of the nation's continued struggle for racial equality and the troubling trend of police militarization.
Jesus proclaimed, "Blessed are the peacemakers for they shall be called the children of God" (Matthew 5:9). The Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. reminded us, "True peace is not merely the absence of tension: it is the presence of justice." These are not idealistic thoughts or nice sentiments to be dismissed when tensions and conflict arise. Rather, they are wise words of truth that should guide our thinking in moments of distress. We need to make Jesus' instruction real and consider Dr. King's words a practical exhortation for the ensuring peace and public safety in Ferguson once the grand jury has made the decision of whether to indict Darren Wilson.
Whatever happened on that unfortunate day between Michael Brown and Darren Wilson, nobody should have died. And the tensions resulting from Brown's death were only exacerbated by the police response that focused on exerting power and control through militarized means rather than ensuring public safety and protecting the rights of everyone in the community. Faith leaders stood alongside others, horrified at the sight of an unarmed, dead young black man whose body was allowed to lie in the street for hours. Faith leaders were equally outraged by the use of tear gas, military grade equipment, and other tactics more suitable for a theater of war than the streets of a suburban city.
Sadly we cannot rewrite that chapter in Ferguson's history, but the pages of the next one remain blank. As governor you have an outsized influence in determining what it will say.
Recently, Rev. Traci Blackmon, a local clergy leader, issued an urgent call for action. She asked people across the country to write you letters of solidarity with the people of Ferguson. Her request followed stories and news reports of law enforcement amassing weapons and riot gear . Meanwhile, Rev. Blackmon reports that young people in Ferguson and other community leaders have been requesting bandages and other first-aid items. This is a striking juxtaposition. Missouri citizens should never feel so threatened by their own government and unsecure about their own safety that they feel the need to stock up on medical supplies.
Your leadership is needed now more than ever. This will be one of the defining episodes of your governorship. Please do everything possible to de-escalate violence, which means limiting the use of military tactics and not deploying the National Guard as a first response. The rights of people to peacefully speak and protest must be steadfastly preserved and respected by everyone, especially government leaders and law enforcement agencies. The easiest and most obvious way to protect public safety is to limit confrontation and not allow people's rights to be infringed upon.
Regardless of the grand jury's decision, the police response to any public reaction has become an urgent moral concern for the entire nation. The impact of one life being taken in Ferguson has already been felt. Now you must do everything in your power to ensure no other lives are lost and no other persons are hurt. It is imperative that you prioritize talking to community leaders, allowing public spaces to remain open and safe, and the law to be upheld in ways that protect all life. Your actions can help bring a modicum of justice to a community that has already unjustly suffered so much. Please use your power to be a peacemaker for the sake of all the children of God.
The nation will be watching the decisions you make, and I am hopeful this will be a lesson in leadership from which other public officials across the country can learn. You will be in our prayers over the coming days and weeks.
Sincerely,
Jim Wallis, Sojourners
Please add your name to this letter by clicking here.
Jim Wallis is president of Sojourners. His book, The (Un)Common Good: How the Gospel Brings Hope to a World Divided , the updated and revised paperback version of On God's Side, is available now.
Follow Jim Wallis on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jimwallis
More:

The Secret Life of Fruit: Five Startling Things Your Grocer Wont Tell Youreddit
Not too long ago, the main concern customers had about a fruit or vegetable was whether or not it was ripe. But over time, their questions about produce have grown increasingly sophisticated: Is this tomato local? Are these peaches organic? And grocers have been gleefully riding the wave, touting products that are free of pesticides and genetic modification.
The 21st-century customer knows more than ever about which farmers are good to the environment and good for the health of shoppers. But there's one thing that promo ads won't tell you: whether farmers are good to their employees.
With only a few exceptions, you will never see U.S. produce promoted for the ethical treatment -- or the health and safety -- of the farmworkers who harvest the food we eat every day. Why? Because farm labor conditions are deplorable almost everywhere fruits and vegetables are grown, and most supermarket chains aren't doing a thing to help make them better (with Whole Foods, Walmart, and Trader Joe's being the exceptions when it comes to Florida tomatoes -- more on that below).
How do we know so much about these grocery stores? Because we're taking them on. One of us is a co-founder of the Coalition of Immokalee Workers (CIW), which has campaigned for the fair treatment of farmworkers in Florida for over twenty years. This op-ed's other author is executive producer of the upcoming documentary "Food Chains," in which Forest Whitaker narrates CIW's successful fight to provide America's tomato pickers with the pay and dignity they have earned .
Justice has been won for Florida tomato pickers, and now, through the Clinton Global Initiative , CIW is launching a new project to expand our fight to other states and other crops.Based on our work and our CGI commitment, we've listed five things you should know about produce before making your next purchase. We thought we'd be the ones to tell you the backstory behind what you put in your basket, since your grocer probably won't.
Most U.S. produce is harvested by workers whose fundamental human rights are violated on a daily basis. From forced labor to sexual exploitation and even poverty wages, working conditions on all too many U.S. farms are unconscionable. Here are just a few examples from recent headlines:
Slave-Like Conditions: Just last month, farmworkers filed suit against a vegetable grower in Clewiston, Florida, saying they were "forced to work in the fields and threatened with guns... if they complained." According to the Naples (FL) Daily News, one farm boss "boasted that killing one of the workers would be just like killing a dog."
Sexual Exploitation: In June, 2013, the PBS documentary series Frontline ran a story, entitled "Rape in the Fields," chronicling their year-long investigation into the rampant sexual exploitation of farmworkers in the U.S. agricultural industry. One unforgettable note from their findings -- workers in a particularly notorious California field called their workplace "the green motel" because the daily sexual humiliation of women was so intense.
Unfair Wages: In a 2001 report to Congress, the US Department of Labor described farmworkers as "a labor force in significant economic distress," citing "low wages [and] sub-poverty annual earnings."
Your favorite supermarket chain bears a large part of the responsibility for the exploitation of the farmworkers who pick the fruits you eat. The emergence of the global, consolidated food industry giants has exacerbated farm labor poverty and abuse. Huge companies leverage their buying power to demand ever-lower prices from their suppliers. This demand for lower prices translates directly into tighter margins for farmers (many of whom have lost their land and livelihoods since food industry consolidation started in earnest a generation ago), lower wages for workers, and harsher working conditions in the fields.
The Florida tomato industry is the exception to Things 1 and Thing 2.
This is thanks to an innovative new partnership between workers, growers and retailers called the Fair Food Program.The Coalition of Immokalee Workers' Fair Food Program is a unique model for social responsibility based on a groundbreaking partnership among farmers, farmworkers and retail food companies like Subway, Whole Foods and Walmart. The Fair Food Program ensures humane wages and working conditions for the workers who pick fruits and vegetables on participating farms. It harnesses the power of consumers to secure binding agreements with retail food giants that require those companies to: 1) pay a small premium that is passed on to the workers in the form of a line item bonus on their regular paychecks, and 2) only buy from growers who comply with a rigorous, human rights-based code of conduct, giving farmworkers a voice in the decisions that affect their lives and eliminating the longstanding abuses that have plagued agriculture for generations. The Program has proven so successful that sexual assaults in the field, endemic in agriculture throughout the country, have now been eliminated on Fair Food farms.
You can find Fair Food tomatoes in most fast-food and foodservice restaurants, but most supermarkets still refuse to support this award-winning program. Fast-food giants Subway, McDonald's, Burger King, Chipotle, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut all support the program). All four of the largest foodservice companies in the country -- Compass Group, Bon Appetit, Sodexo and Aramark -- have signed on, too. But in the supermarket industry, only three companies have stepped up to the plate: Whole Foods, Trader Joe's and, most recently, Walmart.
Is your favorite grocery store one of those that continues to turn a blind eye to human rights? You can find out at the CIW website here .
You play an important role in how produce pickers are treated. The Fair Food Program is powered by consumers. In 2001, farmworkers in the Florida town of Immokalee launched an ambitious new campaign -- the Campaign for Fair Food -- crossing the country to educate consumers on the appalling labor conditions behind the food they eat and to share their dream of a more modern, more humane food system. Over the next decade, they built an alliance that won "Fair Food" agreements with a dozen of the world's largest food companies, and changes in the fields ever since have been nothing short of spectacular. But those changes never would have happened without the active support of tens of thousands of consumers, from Maine to California.
Today the advances brought about by the Fair Food Program are poised to expand to fields outside of Florida and crops beyond tomatoes, thanks in part to our new CGI commitment. But for that expansion to be successful, workers need your support so that the holdout food chains know this matters to you. You can learn more about the Fair Food Program and how you can join the movement at the CIW's website, here .
Learn more about the documentary "Food Chains" at foodchainsfilm.com . See the trailer above.
More:

Walmart Workers Plan Black Friday Protests Over WagesWalmart Workers Plan Black Friday Protests Over Wages
Reuters
(Recasts with Black Friday protests planned)
By Nathan Layne
CHICAGO, Nov 14 (Reuters) - A group of Walmart employees  pushing for higher wages said on Friday they were planning  protests at 1,600 Walmart stores nationwide on Black  Friday, the biggest shopping day of the year in the United  States.
The labor group, Our Walmart, said it had protested 1,200 to  1,400 Walmart stores last year on Black Friday, the day after  the Thanksgiving holiday.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc, owner of Walmart brand stores,  and the largest private employer in the United States, has been  a target for activists in the contentious national debate over  proposals to raise the minimum wage.
The announcement comes a day after police arrested 23 people  outside a Los Angeles-area Walmart protesting what they say are  the company's low wages and its retaliation against employees  who pushed for better working conditions.
The arrests on Thursday followed several hours of protest by  a number of Walmart workers in California, according to Our  Walmart and The United Food and Commercial Workers International  Union, or UFCW.
About 30 workers entered a Walmart store in the Crenshaw  neighborhood of Los Angeles on Thursday morning and held a  sit-down protest for two hours, UFCW spokesman Marc Goumbri  said.
The workers then protested at a Walmart store in Pico Rivera  in eastern Los Angeles where the arrests eventually took place.
"Over the last year, Walmart workers have pressured Walmart  to change its pregnancy policy, provide access to more hours and  most recently to pledge to phase out its minimum wage jobs," the  UFCW said on its website.
The 23 people arrested were blocking an intersection and  were cited for failure to disperse and then released, police  said.
Asked about the workers' complaints, Wal-Mart spokeswoman  Brooke Buchanan said the company does not retaliate against  workers who strike or protest.
"The reality is that few Walmart associates participate in  these labor-organized protests," she said.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc Chief Executive Douglas McMillon last  month said the company would work to phase out minimum wage jobs  "over time," a move seen as largely symbolic as just 6,000 of  its 1.3 million U.S. workers make minimum wage.
The average full-time hourly wage at Walmart stores is  $12.92, compared with the federal minimum wage of $7.25,  according to the company.     (Additional reporting by Shailaja Sharma in Bangalore and Fiona  Ortiz in Chicago; Editing by Susan Heavey)
More:

WPI dips...Sensex  Nifty edge to new highsWPI dips...Sensex, Nifty edge to new highs
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 14, 2014 16:11 IST
Finally, the Sensex closed at 28,046 up 106 points, while NSE Nifty closed at 8,390 up 32 points.
 
 
After taking a breather in the previous trading session, the Indian equity market once again resumed their uptrend. Indices shut at life time high on Friday after India's wholesale price inflation eased for a 5th straight month in October to 1.77%, its lowest level in more than 5-years. In September, wholesale prices rose 2.38% YoY.
Commenting on the inflation numbers, Amar Ambani, Head of research at IIFL said, "Though inflation has moderated more than expectations, RBI is unlikely to cut policy rates. In the upcoming policy,the central bank would want to look at inflation behaviour post the completion of the base effect in November and thereafter take a call."
Index heavyweight SBI also announced its quarterly numbers which were mostly inline with market expectations. The Bank posted a net profit of Rs. 31004.1mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs. 23750.1mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. Total Income has increased from Rs. 371999.2mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 418333.6mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The metals index was the top gainer, it was up 2.5% followed by BSE Realty index up 2.3%. BSE oil & gas index gained by 1%, BSE Auto and Banking index gained by 0.6% and 0.7% respectively.
Even the Mid-Cap and the Small-Cap index rose by half a percent each.
On the other hand, the Pharma and the FMCG index ended with marginal losses.
Finally, the Sensex closed at 28,046 up 106 points, while NSE Nifty closed at 8,390 up 32 points.
Asian Paints, Hindalco, Jindal Steel, NMDC, GAIL, Coal India, SBI and SSLT were among the top gainers. On the other hand, Sun Pharma, Cipla, HCL Tech, Grasim, Kotak Bank, HUL and Dr Reddy's Labs were among the top losers in the Nifty.
The INDIA VIX was up 1.25% at 13.97. It hit a high of 14.20 and a low of 11.38.
Stock News
Delhi's power regulator DERC withdrew the power tariff hike of up to seven per cent which was announced on Thursday. The DERC said the hike was rolled back "realising" that a number of power generation companies including NTPC, which supply electricity to the city, provided only part information about price of fuel such as coal and gas. The DERC last night had announced re-introduction of the power purchase adjustment cost (PPAC) surcharge to effect an increase of tariff by up to seven per cent from Saturday.
India's antitrust regulator has asked drug maker Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. to rework its $3.2 billion proposed merger with Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd. Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical was down 2.5% to close at Rs. 887.
DLF deposited Rs 50 crore with the Supreme Court and will pay the balance by November 25 to comply with its direction to deposit Rs 630 crore fine slapped by fair trade regulator CCI. Shares of DLF ended higher by 2% to close at Rs. 142.
CESC  reported a net profit of Rs 192 crore for the second quarter ended September 2014, a jump of 12.28% over the corresponding period last year. The company had posted a net profit of Rs 171 crore in the year-ago period. Revenue of the company stood at Rs 1,647 crore during the quarter under review, marginally up from Rs 1,611 crore during the last year's corresponding period.
BHEL net profit tumble nearly 73% to Rs 124.84 crore in three months ended September this year as lower revenues from power and industry segments took a toll on its profitability. BHEL had a net profit of Rs 455.95 crore in the September quarter last year.

October WPI inflation at 1.77%October WPI inflation at 1.77%
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 14, 2014 12:08 IST
October WPI inflation rate was at lowest level since September 2009.
 
October WPI inflation rate was at lowest level since September 2009
The annual rate of inflation, based on monthly WPI, stood at 1.77% (provisional) for the month of October, 2014 (over October,2013) as compared to 2.38% (provisional) for the previous month and 7.24% during the corresponding month of the previous year. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 2.00% compared to a build up rate of 6.23% in the corresponding period of the previous year.
October WPI inflation rate was at lowest level since September 2009.
PRIMARY ARTICLES (Weight 20.12%)
The index for this major group declined by 1.2 percent to 255.0 (provisional) from 258.2 (provisional) for the previous month. The groups and items which showed variations during the month are as follows:-
The index for 'Food Articles' group declined by 1.3 percent to 258.5 (provisional) from 261.8 (provisional) for the previous month due to lower price of fruits & vegetables (6%), urad (3%), bajra, maize and gram (2% each) and jowar, ragi,   condiments & spices and fish-marine (1% each).  However, the price of fish-inland (12%), tea (3%), egg and barley (2% each) and mutton, pork and poultry chicken (1% each) moved up.
The index for 'Non-Food Articles'  group declined by 2.0 percent to 210.0 (provisional) from 214.3 (provisional) for the previous month due to lower price of soyabean (11%), raw cotton (9%), copra (coconut) (7%), guar seed (6%), raw silk and groundnut seed (2% each) and coir fibre, cotton seed and safflower (kardi seed) (1% each).  However, the price of flowers (18%), raw jute and castor seed (3% each), linseed and fodder (2% each) and mesta and rape & mustard seed (1% each) moved up.
The index for 'Minerals' group rose by 0.2 percent to 348.1 (provisional) from 347.3 (provisional) for the previous month due to higher price of barytes (22%), copper ore (16%) and iron ore (1%).  However, the price of chromite and zinc concentrate (3% each), crude petroleum (2%) and manganese ore (1%) declined.
FUEL & POWER (Weight 14.91%)
The index for this major group declined by 1.3 percent to 210.7 (provisional) from 213.4 (provisional) for the previous month due to lower price of furnace oil (4%), aviation turbine fuel (3%), petrol and bitumen (2% each) and kerosene and high speed diesel oil (1% each).  However, the price of lubricants (1%) moved up.
MANUFACTURED PRODUCTS (Weight 64.97%)
The index for this major group remained unchanged at its previous month's level of 155.8 (provisional). The groups and items for which the index showed variations during the month are as follows:-
The index for 'Food Products' group declined by 0.5 percent to 174.2 (provisional) from 175.1 (provisional) for the previous month due to lower price of processed prawn (8%), bakery products and tea leaf (unblended) (4% each), tea leaf (blended) and tea dust (unblended) (3% each), sunflower oil and gur (2% each) and oil cakes, vanaspati, sugar and palm oil (1% each).
However, the price of sugar confectionary (5%), powder milk and tea dust (blended) (2% each) and ghee, cotton seed oil,     mixed spices and wheat flour (atta) (1% each) moved up.
The index for 'Beverages, Tobacco & Tobacco Products' group rose by 0.3 percent to 201.6 (provisional) from 201.0 (provisional) for the previous month due to higher price of rectified spirit (3%) and soft drinks & carbonated water (2%).
The index for 'Textiles' group declined by 0.6 percent to 143.3 (provisional) from 144.1 (provisional) for the previous month due to lower price of cotton yarn (2%) and jute sacking cloth, jute sacking bag and man made fibre (1% each).  However, the price of gunny and hessian cloth (1%) moved up.
The index for 'Wood & Wood Products' group rose by 0.1 percent to 186.3 (provisional) from 186.1 (provisional) for the previous month due to higher price of veneered particle board (1%). 
The index for 'Paper & Paper Products' group rose by 0.3 percent to 150.5 (provisional) from 150.0 (provisional) for the previous month due to higher price of  newsprint (3%) and books/ periodicals/ journals (2%).
The index for 'Leather & Leather Products' group declined by 0.7 percent to 145.6 (provisional) from 146.6 (provisional) for the previous month due to lower price of leather footwear (1%).
The index for 'Rubber & Plastic Products' group declined by 0.1 percent to 151.1 (provisional) from 151.2 (provisional) for the previous month due to lower price of hdpe bag (2%) and plastic/pvc chappals (1%).  However, the prices of plastic rolls (3%) and hdpe woven sacks, polyester film and plastic/pvc shoes (1% each) moved up.
The index for 'Chemicals & Chemical Products' group rose by 0.1 percent to 153.7 (provisional) from 153.6 (provisional) for the previous month due to higher price of adhesive &  gum and synthetic resin (2% each) and ayurvedic medicines,     non-cyclic compound, dye & dye intermediates, photographic goods, explosives, ammonium sulphate and antacid &  digestive preparations (1% each).  However, the price of basic organic chemicals, rubber chemicals and washing soap (1% each) declined.
The index for 'Non-Metallic Mineral Products' group rose by 1.4 percent to 173.2 (provisional) from 170.8 (provisional) for the previous month due to higher price of marbles (10%), bricks & tiles and white cement (3% each), glass bottles & bottleware and lime (2% each) and slag  cement (1%).  However, the price of asbestos corrugated sheet (1%) declined.
The index for 'Basic Metals, Alloys & Metal Products' group rose by 0.4 percent to 166.4 (provisional) from 165.8 (provisional) for the previous month due to higher price of metal containers (3%), CRC, rounds and angles (2% each) and     gp/gc sheets, aluminium, billets, pencil  ingots, wire rods, pig iron, sponge iron and  joist & beams (1% each).  However, the price of steel rods, copper / copper ingots, melting scrap, sheets, copper wire (all types) and silver (1% each) declined.
The index for 'Machinery & Machine Tools' group rose by 0.2 percent to 134.9 (provisional) from 134.6 (provisional) for the previous month due to higher price of ups / stabilizer (7%), heat exchanger (5%), electric switches (3%), engines (2%) and chemical plant equipments and pvc insulated cable (1% each).  However, the price of electric motors (2%) and      ball/roller bearing, compressors and pump & assembly (1% each) declined.

RCOM Q2 net profit at Rs1530 mnRCOM Q2 net profit at Rs1530 mn
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 14, 2014 17:48 IST
Total Income has decreased from Rs. 58350 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 54030 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
 
 
Reliance Communications Ltd has posted a net profit after taxes, minority interest and share in profit/(loss) of associates of Rs. 1530 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs. 6750 mn for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. 
Total Income has decreased from Rs. 58350 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 54030 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
RCOM generated operational cash flow (EBITDA) of Rs. 1,827 crore in Q2, paid net finance charges of Rs. 670 crore and invested Rs. 302 crore on capex during the quarter. It remains free cash flow (FCF) positive and this is expected to continue. 
Key Performance Indicators (KPIs): 
RPM: RPM at 44.4 paisa, up 1.4% Q-o-Q. Voice RPM at 33.6 paisa, up 0.9% Q-o-Q. During the quarter, we have improved RPM with tariff hikes, strong focus on paid and profitable minutes and increase in data usage. 
MOU: Total MOU at 102.1 billion, down 1% Q-o-Q, in-line with industry trends due to seasonality factors. 
ARPU: ARPU at Rs. 137 in Q2, up 0.7% Q-o-Q. 
Data Traffic: The total data traffic at 65,778 million MB, up 19% Q-o-Q and 75% Y-o-Y. The traffic has increased due to increase in data subscribers and higher data usage per customer. 
Data Customers: The total data customer base has grown 3.8% Q-o-Q to 29.7 million including 15.1 million 3G customers in Q2. 
Key Developments in India Operations: 
RCOM upgrades data network: 
RCOM has upgraded its data network to include many more metro cities. This enables high speed data services to customers with speeds up to 14.7 Mbps. This will also help the Company to launch Wi-Fi dongles and standalone Wi-Fi Routers which will offer rich data experience up to 20 connected devices simultaneously. RCOM is enhancing availability of these services in many more circles through ICR arrangements. 
RCOM launches further models in dual-sim smartphone: 
RCOM has achieved a breakthrough with 4 new handsets in the lowest price range of 6k to 12k under Lava and Haier brands. The phones are available in 4", 4.5" and 5" screen size and run on the latest Android OS. This is a niche category in dual-sim smartphones with a universal primary slot capable of providing high speed data on both technologies (CDMA / GSM). 
RCOM offers free unlimited access to social networking sites: 
RCOM, as a strategy to drive smartphone penetration and data adoption, has created a compelling proposition for GSM prepaid customers by featuring free unlimited 

SBI Q2 cons net profit at Rs. 40.24bnSBI Q2 cons net profit at Rs. 40.24bn
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 14, 2014 12:40 IST
SBI posts standalone net profit of Rs. 31 billion for the quarter ended September 30, 2014
 
 
State Bank of India has posted consolidated profit of Rs. 40238.40 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs. 30727.70 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013.
Total Income has increased from Rs. 531186.30 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 610986.70 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
The Bank has posted standalone net profit of Rs. 31004.10 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014 as compared to Rs. 23750.10 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013. Total Income has increased from Rs. 371999.20 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2013 to Rs. 418333.60 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2014.
DEPOSITS
Deposits of the Bank increased from Rs.12,92,456 crores in Sep 13 to Rs.14,73,785 crores in Sep 14.( 14.03%.YOY growth)
Savings Bank deposits increased from Rs.4,45,443 crores in Sep 13 to Rs. 5,00,861 crores in Sep 14 (12.44% YOY growth) .     
ADVANCES
Gross Advances increased from Rs. 11,39,326 crores  in Sep 13 to Rs.12,42,638 crores in Sep 14 (9.07% YOY growth).
Large Corporate advances increased from Rs.1,98,773 crores in Sep 13 to Rs.2,33,012 crores in Sep 14 (17.23%. YOY growth).
Mid-Corporate Advances declined from Rs.2,22,050 crores in Sep 13 to Rs.2,15,880 crores in Sep 14 (2.78% YOY decline).
Retail advances increased from Rs.2,24,168 crores in Sep 13 to Rs.2,49,259 crores in Sep 14 (11.19% YOY  growth). Home loans increased from Rs.1,30,034 crores in Sep 13 to Rs.1,48,502 crores in Sep 14 (14.20% YOY growth).
SME Advances increased from Rs. 1,65,686 crores in Sep 13 to Rs.1,68,011 crores in Sep 14(1.40%YOY growth). 
Direct Agri advances increased from Rs.1,11,503 crores in Sep 13 to Rs.1,21,120 crores in Sep 14 (8.62% YOY growth).
International advances increased from Rs.1,89,173 crores in Sep 13 to Rs.2,27,246  crores in Sep 14 (20.13% YOY growth).
Gross NPAs declined from Rs.64,206 crores in Sep 13 to Rs.60,712 crores in Sep 14.(5.44% YOY decline)
KEY FINANCIAL RATIOS (SBI):
Return on Assets 0.71% in Sep 14 against 0.69% in Sep 13.
Return on Equity 11.49% in Sep 14 against 11.77 % in Sep 13.
Average Cost of Deposits moved to 6.31% in Sep 14 from 6.22% in Sep 13.
Average Yield on Advances moved from 10.32 % in Sep 13 to 10.57% in Sep 14.

Uttar Pradesh cane farmers gear up toagitateUnhappy with the cane price announced by the UP government, sugarcane farmers are launching an agitation. They will bring truckloads of
cane to capital Lucknow on Saturday and gherao the Vidhan Sabha, before setting the cane on fire.
Apart from Lucknow, the farmers, under the leadership of Bharatiya Kisan Union, also threaten to bring the entire state to a halt with their ‘chakka jaam andolan’.
“Firstly, the sugar mills are not paying us the cane dues of last year. Even now, cane dues worth R1,800 crore are pending. And secondly, the state government has not only kept the cane price (state advised price) unchanged for two years now, it has also allowed the mills to pay us a measly R40 as the second tranche after three months of crushing.  Due to the drought conditions this year, the input cost of the farmers has gone up by one and a half times and our average input cost is around R340/quintal. But instead of understanding our plight, the government has played into the hands of millers, who claim that they are making huge losses. Is there no one to look into our losses?” asked Rakesh Tikait, the national spokesperson of BKU.
“Isn’t it ironical that the mills would be allowed to keep the R40/quintal payment off for months and hence earn a good amount of interest on it, while the farmers, who have taken loans to till the crop would pay an interest on it and yet not be entitled to interest on his late payment,” said VM Singh, convener Rashtriya Kisan Mazdoor Sangathan, adding that fighting for the interest has become a routine affair every year.
“I have sent a letter to CM Akhilesh Yadav stating that if the Uttar Pradesh government fails to provide good price for sugarcane, BKU will stage a blockade in the state tomorrow,” BKU chief Naresh Tikait said.
Stating that the price announced by the government is not acceptable to the farmers as it favours sugar mill owners, Tikait demanded that the minimum support price of sugarcane should be fixed at R350 per quintal.
TAGS: Sugar Mills Uttar Pradesh
More from commodities

Maharashtras casual cane labour force swells as farmers are forced tojoinGold futures price falls on global cues
This sugar season, around 3 lakh new unorganised workers have been added to Maharashtra’s casual labour force that works during the crushing season.
Several farmers in the state who have been affected by the untimely monsoon and poor crop have decided to cut cane this season, Srirang Bhange, state secretary, Maharashtra Ustod Kamgar Vahtuk Majoor Sanghatana, which looks into issues related to sugar workers, said. Some 15-16 lakh casual labourers will cut cane this season.
“Almost every district that cultivates cane has seen a rise of around 30,000 workers. The maximum number of around 5 lakh workers
has come from drought prone areas and areas reporting crop failure, including Vidarbha, Marathwada and Beed regions. They have been forced into this for survival,” he said.
As a result, the bargaining power of the workers this year has reduced and contractors are not willing to give advances to them since several new workers are willing to work without any advance, he explained.
Significantly, the workers who had threatened to agitate before the start of the season went back on the decision since the organisation is affiliated to the BJP that has come to power in the state. Bhange said he was hopeful the new government would resolve the issue.
Under normal circumstances, around 12-14 lakh workers in the state are dependent on the sugar sector for livelihood. Bhange said the workers who cut cane for a living are due for a wage hike and should get the same wages as the payment given by factories to harvesters.
“At present, workers receive wages of R190 per tonne while payment for harvesters is around R450 per tonne,” he added. A couple of workers can cut up to 2 tonne of cane a day while a harvester can cut up to 60 tonne per day. Sugar factories are now increasingly opting for harvesters since manual labour has become an issue. The number of harvesters has gone up to 192 from 126 in the last season.
Farmer organisations have also begun to take up the cause of the workers. The Raghunath Patil-led Shetkari Sanghatana has demanded a first cane installment of R3,500 per tonne for farmers at the start of Maharashtra’s sugar season of 2014-15.
“Our organisation has demanded a cane price of R3,500 per tonne and the final decision regarding the course of agitation will be taken after the first meeting of the Cane Price Board on November 15,” Patil told FE.
Patil will meet other like-minded leaders, including MNS chief Raj Thackeray, in Mumbai on November 16 to chalk out the future strategy of the organisation.
Patil, who is also on the Cane Price Board along with two other farmer leaders, Raju Shetti of Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana (SSS) and Vitthal Pawar of the Sharad Joshi-led Shetkari Sanghatana, says he will prefer to wait for the outcome of the Cane Price Board before arriving at a final decision.
Speaking to FE after the organisation’s annual meet at Karad, he said his organisation had also demanded the same wages for casual workers as the amount given to harvesters by sugar factories.
Interestingly, all three farmer leaders are part of the newly formed Cane Board which has been established to take decisions on linking cane prices to income of sugar factories.
Patil has tied up with Raj Thackeray this year while SSS is now a BJP ally. Shetti, who has demanded a first installment of R2,700 per tonne, says his organisation will continue to fight for the rights of farmers. However, there has been a split in his organisation with the new faction, called Baliraja Shetkari Sangatana, accusing him of playing into the hands of sugar factories.
While Patil has threatened to stop the sugar factories from functioning, Vitthal Pawar says his organisation is in favour of continuation of crushing operations. “Stopping crushing at this juncture will affect the productivity of the state and therefore we are not in favour of any agitation,” he said.
TAGS: Sugar Industry
More from commodities

India takes diplomatic route to resolve OVL woes inVenezuelaGold futures price falls on global cues
India is now taking the diplomatic route to remove business hurdles with energy-rich Venezuela, specifically concerning ONGC Videsh (OVL) operations in the Latin American nation.
“The ministry of external affairs (MEA) may now play an active role in extricating OVL and other Indian companies from their troubles in Venezuela. The petroleum minister (Dharmendra Pradhan) clearly wants the MEA to steer a deal offered by the Venezuelan oil minister Rafael Ramirez recently to sort out the mess,” a top government source told FE.
Petroleos de Venezuela, the national oil company of Venezuela, which is reportedly facing a cash crunch is holding back dividends to OVL, the overseas arm of state-run explorer ONGC. The Indian firm has invested in two projects in Venezuela — San Cristobal and Carabobo-1.
“To placate Indian sentiments over unpaid dividends and slow progress of work in oil fields in which Indian companies have built significant stakes, Ramirez has offered another prolific block in the heavy crude oil Orinico belt to an Indian consortium on nomination basis. Notably, RIL has already taken the lead in engaging with the Venezuelan side for entry in the new block,” said the government official.
The Venezuelan oil minister is also showing a willingness to put in place a mechanism wherein part of the proceeds for payment of crude exported from Venezuela to India could be maintained in Indian rupees, which, in turn, could be used to pay for exports from India to Venezuela, he added.
However, the Indian firms are scared of engaging with Venezuelan authorities as promises made before have not been fulfilled. They now need the MEA help to sort the snags out, says industry watchers.
On September 3, 2013, PMS Prasad, executive director of RIL, had said: “We are looking at two things in Venezuela. One, we have a long-term crude oil supply contract and enhancing the quantities under this contract, possibly from next year. We are also looking at investing in Venezuela. They have given us 2-3 opportunities for us to evaluate.”
In the San Cristobal project, OVL’s share of oil production was 0.767 million tonnes in FY14 and current production is around 31000 bopd.
OVL’s share of investment stands at about $193.13 million till March, 31 2014 in the project. The Indian explorer has 40% stake in the project.
On the other hand, Carabobo-1 project is producing about 7500 barrel of oil per day from 11 development wells. OVL holds 11% participating interest in Carabobo-1 project.
TAGS: ONGC Videsh
More from commodities

South India plantations face teacrisisGold futures price falls on global cues
South Indian plantations are facing a huge crisis with tea prices dropping below production cost. Many plantations depending solely on tea are even mulling closing down as returns from tea are becoming unviable, officials of United Planters’ Association of South India (UPASI) said.
Experts caution that there are around 70,000 small and marginal tea growers with a land-holding of about 49,000 hectares in South India depending wholly on tea. The small growers are in a serious crisis and almost half of South India’s tea production is contributed by this segment, with tea leaves supplied to the bought leaf factories, sources said. India is a leading producer of tea with an approximate annual production of 1,100-1,200 million kg.
“Tea prices in south India are at unviable levels with average price during 2014 up to September dropping to R85 per kg from R105 in the same period last year, a drop of 17%. At the same time wages have gone up between 9-19% in the three tea producing states of Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala,” Vijayan Rajes, president of UPASI, said.
“The huge increase in wages which has no linkage to productivity coupled with spiralling costs of other inputs like fertilizers have crippled tea plantations. Co-relation of wage and price level is an easily assessable health indicator of the tea industry. When the daily wage in Tamil Nadu was R8.20 in 1980, the average price was R12.66 a kg. The equation gradually changed and in 1995 both were almost on a par, daily wage at R39.88 and average price at R41.25 a kg. If one indexes it on a scale of 100 with 1995 as the base, wages in 2014 have gone up to R528 in Tamil Nadu, R485 in Kerala and R681 in Karnataka whereas the average price is at R207,” he added.
The plantation sector is additionally burdened with social costs providing housing, medical, educational and other infrastructural facilities to the huge population it supports, which in usual course is provided by the administration and government, he added.
One particularly vulnerable entity in this situation will be Kanan Devan Hill Plantations Company Pvt, with its unique ownership pattern of around 12,000 employees owning 69% of shares. BP Kariappa, chairman, Kanan Devan Planters’ Association, said the crisis is taking the industry back to the worst period the tea growers had at the start of this century.
TAGS: Tea Production
More from commodities

Analyst corner: Maintain buy on Fortis after in-lineresultsONGC: Subsidy sharing clarity on cards?
Maintain ‘buy’ on Fortis Healthcare with target price of R149. We use the DCF method as metrics such as P/E or EV/ebitda cannot fully value its business in the near term. The key assumption of our DCF model is a 5% terminal growth rate beyond FY24e. We use a cost of equity of 12.5%. Cash flows are discounted back to Sept 2015.
Fortis’ Q2 result was in line with expectations at with level ebitda after adjusting for one-off expenses including a forex loss. Key in the Q2 result was the ebitda margin expansion of 190 bps q-o-q for the domestic hospital business, driven by a reduction in government business across hospitals and closure of facilities at smaller locations.
We expect the company to continue its strategy of focusing on margin rather than just chasing sales growth. CEO Aditya Vij will be transitioning from Fortis by the end of the year, to pursue his family business. Meanwhile, Shivinder Singh, executive vice chairman, will take additional responsibility for the company’s operations until the appointment of a new CEO. In addition, the company has also realigned its team and infused fresh talent from outside in Q2.
For the India hospital business, the company reported sales growth of 12% y-y in Q2 versus 20.3% in Q1. Muted growth in domestic hospital business was due to a conscious decision by the company to reduce its low-margin and high-working capital government business. The diagnostic business reported sales muted sales growth of 6% y-o-y.
By Nomura
More from indianmarkets

Centre makes a U-turn on taxability of car discountsMercedes Benz inaugurates Chandigarh's largest dealership
Even as the year-end discounts on car sales are being rolled back, auto majors are a worried lot as the taxman is pressing extra excise duty demands for vehicles sold at a discount.
The government seemed to address carmakers’ concerns as it changed the rules in June to give relief to Fiat India, which lost a tax dispute in the Supreme Court, and to a host of other companies that received extra excise duty demands on the discounts given to consumers. However, showing signs of ambivalence, it has now turned heat on Maruti Suzuki India by slapping a s Rs 240-crore tax demand on it on a somewhat similar ground.
The difference between the Maruti and Fiat cases is that the tax department claims that a part of the discounts offered in Maruti case was recovered by the dealers from the consumer by way of ‘handling charges’, while the impression of the discount has helped Maruti to boost sales.
Such boost in sales or market penetration is a consideration flowing from the consumer to the producer, the value of which is taxable, says the excise department that sought to add Rs 1,570 crore to Maruti’s sales revenue from its Gurgaon plant on which 12% excise duty
is applicable.
The Custom Excise & Service Tax Appellate Tribunal (CESTAT) in Delhi on October 15 ordered Maruti to make a pre-deposit of R150 crore and stayed the realisation of the balance amount till the case is settled.
“In light of this CESTAT decision, companies may need to take a re-look at their discount schemes to entirely rule out the possibility of any flow back of taxable consideration to their (excise) assessable value,” said Saloni Roy, senior director, Deloitte India.
Sources in Maruti India declined to comment, saying last month’s tribunal ruling was an interim order and that the matter was still sub judice.
The Fiat India row that the government won in the apex court allowed it to tax discounts given to consumers in cases where the sale price is below the production cost plus profits, saying market penetration was a taxable consideration flowing from the buyer to the seller.
To calm investors and to protect the declining manufacturing activities, the finance ministry in January clarified that the apex court ruling cannot be blindly applied to every case of discount sale. In July, the Modi government amended the Central Excise Valuation Rules of 2000 to specify that if there is no additional consideration flowing directly or indirectly “from the buyer to the seller” when goods are sold below cost price, then the declared discounted sale price has to be accepted as the basis for excise duty payment.
The implication is that market penetration, an economic phenomenon, cannot be taken as a taxable consideration. That had given immense relief to a host of carmakers who were trying to improve their market share through discount sales.
The new valuation rules are silent on dealer discounts. However, CESTAT held in the Maruti case that dealer discounts were not at the discretion of dealers but were a legally enforceable obligation under dealership agreement, which if violated could end the dealership. Such discounts constitute expenditure incurred on behalf of Maruti, which benefited by way of higher sales and, hence, is taxable as it is an indirect consideration received, said the tribunal.
“The dealer discount is compensated through handling charges collected by the dealers, indirectly benefiting the appellant to undervalue the excisable goods while delivering to their dealers. Since the benefit flows to the producer, it has to be part of the excise assessable value,” said the tribunal.
Maruti Suzuki, which has about a 45% share of India’s 25-lakh-unit passenger vehicle (PV) market, saw its volumes in FY14 remain steady at 10.53 lakh units. However, sales in April-October FY15 were up 12% to 6.55 lakh units on the back of new launches like the Celerio, Ciaz and higher demand for petrol cars like the Alto and Wagon R.
The increased pressure on the car industry from tax authorities comes at a time when the market has just started an uneven recovery. After falling to a decade’s low, PV sales have grown for five straight months since May. But sales again fell in the key festival month of October by 7.5%, signalling that a proper recovery is still some time away.
Incidentally, as a booster for the industry, the government had reduced excise duties on cars by 4-6% in February, and in June extended the cuts to December this year. The NDA government is likely to continue the stimulus till a stable recovery in demand is seen.
Call of duty
* Taxman claims excise duty on dealer discounts
* ‘Notional dealer discount’ helped carmaker boost sales
* Dealer discount driven sales boost a taxable consideration
* CBEC had clarified twice this year to give relief to carmakers
* Industry sources say cos need to rework promotional schemes
TAGS: Fiat India Maruti Suzuki
More from automobiles

How Obamas net neutrality comments undid weeks of FCC workBy Brian Fung November 14 Follow @b_fung
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler is in the hot seat over "net neutrality" (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
When President Obama told his top telecom regulator Monday to apply "the strongest possible rules" on Internet service providers so that they couldn't speed up or slow down certain Web sites over others, he galvanized Democrats around a populist technology issue and set up a showdown with congressional Republicans.
But the White House's move also undermined weeks of work by the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission to develop an alternative policy, which he has said in private meetings could preserve a free and open Web while also addressing concerns by the Internet providers. Because of the unprecedented nature of the FCC's compromise proposal and its controversial nature -- critics fear it would not prevent Internet providers from slowing down content they don't like -- the agency held a flurry of meetings with a wide range of groups, including major tech companies, lobbyists, consumer advocates and the telecom industry to see if it could bring a broad coalition together around its plan, according to a half-dozen people familiar with the discussions.
In the days before the president's statement, the agency's efforts appeared to be working. Some tech companies, including at least one major firm, and several tech interest groups showed signs of warming to the outreach by FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler. They and Wheeler scheduled a series of critical meetings on Monday at the FCC to discuss their differences. Talk emerged of working out language in a letter that would clarify the sentiments of all involved and help build consensus for Wheeler's plan.
But all of that was thrown off-track as soon as Obama called for "bright-line rules" backed up by the FCC's most aggressive powers. Now a number of companies who were close to signing onto the "hybrid" plan proposed by Wheeler are in a holding pattern. Demand for a less-compromising stance has increased. And pressure is building on Wheeler and the FCC to decide what it should do.
"If the week had started not with the president's announcement, but with the tech community and lots of big names lining up in favor of the hybrid, we'd be having a very different conversation right now," said one tech industry official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the meetings were private.
Before Obama spoke out, some groups who had agreed to talks at the FCC were intercepted by the White House. One major tech industry executive said a White House official told him, days ahead of the president's statement, to "keep your powder dry" — a phrase that the executive interpreted as a signal that he shouldn't yet commit to the FCC's plan.
Wheeler now finds himself facing a movement that is quickly gaining steam around the President's position. Three people who met with Wheeler in the days after the president's statement say he was "adamant" that all options remain on the table -- but they also walked away with the impression that the chairman is still not ready to give up on the agency's hybrid proposal.
"He certainly referred to the hybrid glowingly," said one official, who met with Wheeler late this week and spoke on condition of anonymity to speak freely about the gathering. "If we had to bet where he's heading, it's still the hybrid."
After this story was described to her, an FCC spokeswoman declined to comment.
The debate centers around a crucial question that could shape the future of the Web: Should Internet providers have the power to auction off the highest speeds to Web companies, a scenario that some fear will favor rich and powerful firms such as Google or Netflix over start-ups?
Obama has made it clear that he wants Internet providers, such as Time Warner Cable or Verizon's broadband division, to be regulated by the FCC by putting them under Title II of the Telecommunications Act. That way, they would have to answer to the agency similar to the way phone companies do. With that authority, the agency could ban Internet providers from speeding up Web content that they like and slowing down what they don't, proponents of this approach have argued.
Wheeler, while publicly saying he has been open to all options including the full use of Title II, still appears to favor the hybrid plan that uses some of the FCC's Title II authority only in some circumstances, according to the people who have met with him over the past few weeks.
But the complexity of the hybrid -- and its potential to create legal pitfalls -- have made the plan difficult for even industry officials to digest. Many of the FCC meetings leading up to Obama's statement Monday were spent simply trying to understand what the agency meant by its proposal and how it would work.
"The proposal had been described to me in so many different ways," said one telecom industry official. "At one point I was really going, 'Wow, I really need to have a much clearer picture as to what we're talking about.'"
The FCC initially anticipated voting on rules for broadband providers in its December monthly meeting. That vote will now be pushed back to next year, the agency said this week. The FCC has been developing new rules for Internet providers ever since a federal court threw out the bulk of the agency's old net neutrality regulations in January.
There have been few issues more controversial for the FCC than net neutrality. On Monday, before Obama's statement, Wheeler tried to pull out of his garage to get to work, only to find his driveway blocked by protesters who wanted the full Title II approach instead of the hybrid.
The three people who met with Wheeler this week added that the pressure on the chairman is clearly having an impact. In at least one meeting this week, the chairman was "openly hostile to just about every other idea that was mentioned -- to the point where he would bite people's heads off after they opened their mouths." He also complained how the process has become "politicized."
Another person who had met with Wheeler simply put it this way: "The dude needs a vacation."
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

Tribune Media stock to trade under the symbol TRCOTribune Media stock to trade under the symbol TRCO
Tribune Tower
Tribune headquarters on Michigan Avenue in Chicago.
Tribune headquarters on Michigan Avenue in Chicago. (Tribune photo)
Tribune Media NYSE Euronext, Inc. Financial Markets U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Oaktree Capital Management JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Tribune Media to trade on NYSE under symbol TRCO
Tribune Media plans to trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TRCO, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday.
The amendment to the Form 10 registration, which was initially filed in September, includes the new ticker symbol, along with updated financial statements, ownership information and strategic plans for the Chicago-based media company as it prepares to become a full publicly traded company.
0
Tribune Media trades as an over-the-counter stock under the symbol TRBAA. On Tuesday, executives said they expected Tribune Media to be listed on the NYSE by December, pending approval by the SEC.
The former Tribune Co. spun off its newspaper business on Aug. 4, including the Chicago Tribune and Los Angeles Times, to focus on its higher-growth broadcasting and entertainment assets. The parent company, renamed Tribune Media, has seen its stock price fall by about 25 percent since then. Last month, the company authorized a $400 million stock repurchase program to be funded with existing cash balances.
As of Oct. 31, Tribune Media had nearly 95 million outstanding shares of Class A stock and nearly 3 million shares of Class B stock, with another 2.5 million in outstanding warrants.
Approximately 38 percent of outstanding Class A common stock is owned by Oaktree Capital Management, Angelo, Gordon & Co. and JPMorgan Chase, the former senior creditors of Tribune Co., which emerged from bankruptcy at the end of 2012.
The stock closed at $64.85 on Friday, giving Tribune Media a market capitalization of about $6.27 billion.

New Rosetta footage shows that Philae had a precise landing (before it bounced away)Rosetta’s lander Philae on the surface of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. (ESA/Rosetta/Philae/CIVA)
Quick Rosetta update:
The Rosetta team managed to move Philae a bit by operating its landing gear to push it off the ground. Unfortunately, the movement may have been too little and too late.
It looks like Philae is very, very close to draining its battery.
So much hard work.. getting tired... my battery voltage is approaching the limit soon now pic.twitter.com/GHl4B8NPzm
— Philae Lander (@Philae2014) November 14, 2014
But the twitter account reports that the lander is still sending data back to Earth. Scientists are racing to get as much done as they can before this brief window of communication closes. By the time mission control is capable of making contact with Philae again, the lander will almost certainly be dead.
We should know more about this situation around 8 pm ET. But for now, we do have another indicator that the mission (despite its early end) has been a triumph:
(ESA/Rosetta/NAVCAM – CC BY-SA IGO 3.0)
The European Space Agency reports that these images, which were taken by the orbiting spacecraft Rosetta, suggest that the Philae probe landed precisely where it was supposed to.
Right where it was supposed to, on a comet traveling at about 84,000 mph.
That's pretty sweet.
From the ESA blog :
The first image is thus 3 min 34 sec before touchdown. At this time, Philae was approximately 250m above the surface.
The second image is 1 min 26 seconds after first touchdown.  The touchdown is seen as a dark area. This dark area could be considered as strong indication that the lander touched down at this spot (possibly raising dust from the impact). The third image is the same as the second, but also shows a green square; this is the computed touchdown point.
Philae is still working hard, and it seems that the little probe that could will keep fighting until the end. Good luck, Philae!
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

FCC calls on AT&T to explain its neutrality-inspired broadband pauseBy Nancy Scola November 14 Follow @nancyscola
AT&T Chief Executive Randall Stephenson's statement earlier this week that the company would "pause"  the rollout of its high-speed, fiber-to-the-home program while questions about the country's net neutrality policies are resolved has caught the attention of federal regulators.
On stage earlier this week , an admittedly frustrated Stephenson said that President Obama's plan for net neutrality would trigger years of lawsuits and other complications. Obama's plan would increase the Federal Communications Commission's role in regulating broadband networks, sparking concerns among Internet service providers such as AT&T. (The FCC has said it is considering all options for setting its net neutrality policy, but is not expected to announce a plan this year.)
"We cannot be good stewards of our shareholders' capital and make these investments and not really understand how those are going to be regulated in three years, because these regulations that we're talking about are public-utility-style regulations, and this industry's moving fast," said Stephenson at a business conference. "And if you can't bring new products to service at your speed, not the government's speed, if you can't change prices at the market speed, not the government's speed, why would you ever make these investments? So we're on a pause mode right now."
The Federal Communications Commission asked AT&T on Friday to explain its decision to halt its fiber program and for documentation.
The Commission's letter puts the telecom provider between a rock and a hard place. If AT&T determines that its fiber-to-the-home program would be unprofitable under Obama's plan, would those calculations also apply to its pledge to wire two million homes as part of its planned $49 billion acquisition of DirectTV , the FCC asked in the letter. That merger still must be approved by the FCC.
Stephenson's pledge to "pause" its fiber program also struck a sour note among others in government. In an interview with the Washington Post this week , Deputy U.S. Chief Technology Officer Alex Macgillivray said, "It's not every day that a business says that they're not going to do something that's good for their customers. That's a strong statement."
AT&T said in a statement that "we are happy to respond to the questions posed by the FCC in its review of our merger with DIRECTV. As we made clear earlier this week, we remain committed to our DIRECTV merger-related build out plans."
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

The Rosetta lander is dead for now  but it could make a comeback— Emily Lakdawalla (@elakdawalla) November 15, 2014
The probe stopped working at 7:36pm Eastern Time -- just before it was schedule to lose touch with mission control anyway.
When Philae landed, it bounced off the ground several times instead of anchoring. While it initially hit right on its target landing spot, it ended up in a shadier area -- and its solar panels didn't get enough light.
Scientists decided to do as much research as possible with Philae's borrowed time, and even pulled a daring move to try to reposition the probe. Mission control ordered Philae to move its landing gear as a sort of arm, pushing it into a new position. It moved, but the battery was too close to dead for this repositioning to make a difference.
Philae sent back data until its final moments. In the coming hours and days, the Rosetta team will interpret this information to learn more about the comet. We may even know more later tonight.
"Prior to falling silent, the lander was able to transmit all science data gathered during the First Science Sequence," lander manager Stephan Ulamec said in a statement . "This machine performed magnificently under tough conditions, and we can be fully proud of the incredible scientific success Philae has delivered."
But we can still hope that Philae will make a come back.
Maybe the repositioning worked, and a few hours of sun will put Philae right again. Only time will tell. Because the comet's rotation keeps mission control from connecting to the probe for many hours at a time, there may be a delay between its successful recharge and our awareness of the fact. The next time we'll have a chance of getting in touch is 6am ET. ESA scientists say they'll be keeping an eye out for signs of life .
It's even possible that Philae will come back months from now to deliver new data. As the comet approaches the sun (with Rosetta still following its orbit and gathering info, which it will do for the next year) Philae's solar panels may receive enough light to power the probe on. This is a tricky business: At some point (probably around March) the sun will make the comet too warm for Philae to function at all. There's a careful balance between battery recharging and total destruction here, but maybe Philae will squeak by into that window.
My #lifeonacomet has just begun @ESA_Rosetta . I'll tell you more about my new home, comet #67P soon… zzzzz #CometLanding
— Philae Lander (@Philae2014) November 15, 2014
After 10 years of hard work, the Rosetta mission made history by landing on the surface of a comet. The lander Philae touched down on the surface of a comet more than 300 million miles away. (European Space Agency)
 

150 000 Cable Subscribers Cut The Cord Last Quarterreddit
People are moving away from cable TV, but the industry is not going down without a fight.
A report released Friday by the Leichtman Research Group says the 13 largest pay-TV providers -- a group that includes companies like Time Warner, Comcast and DirecTV -- shed about 150,000 video subscribers in the most recent quarter, compared to just 25,000 in the same period last year.
The Leichtman Research Group said this was a greater net loss of subscribers than in any third quarter going back to at least 2002, when the company was founded. To date, the greatest single-quarter loss the company has seen was a net drop of 350,000 subscribers in the second quarter of 2013.
Bruce Leichtman, president and principal analyst of the group, noted that the most recent numbers don't necessarily represent a major exodus away from cable providers.
"The major takeaway is the industry has lost 0.1 percent over the last year," Leichtman told The Huffington Post. "Everyone's been trying to call the industry dead for five years. The industry is losing a little bit, but it's not cratering."
According to Leichtman, subscriber loss is often more pronounced in the second and third quarters of the year, but companies tend to see gains in the first and fourth quarters because that's when promotions are usually offered. In other words, fluctuations in subscriber numbers have less to do with consumer demand and more to do with providers offering deals, Leichtman said.
But a modest loss of subscribers is still a loss, and consumers today have more options than ever before if they decide to "cut the cord" and get their entertainment somewhere else. Major premium cable players like Showtime and HBO have announced that they will offer standalone streaming services in 2015 for customers without cable subscriptions.
Those new options are coming at a time when cord-cutting is already on the rise. Statistics from earlier this year suggest that Hulu and Netflix may be eating cable providers' lunch, and a study recently cited by Variety showed that the number of U.S. customers who say they're planning to cancel their pay-TV plans is up from what it was a year ago -- albeit only slightly. Quartz recently cited 2013 data suggesting that pay-TV subscriptions may have peaked in 2012.
Certain companies fared better than others this quarter, according to Leichtman's new data. Time Warner Cable, the second-largest cable company in the United States, reportedly lost 182,000 customers in the third quarter of 2014, but that compares favorably to the 304,000 it lost during the same period last year -- a bleed-out that Leichtman attributed to Time Warner's protracted dispute with CBS in 2013.
Meanwhile, both Verizon FiOS and AT&T U-verse -- two telephone companies that also provide digital TV service -- reportedly added a combined 330,000 video subscribers in the third quarter, a decline from the 400,000 they added during the same period last year.
More:

British jihadis face losing their passportsCameron reveals crackdown on British jihadis
George Parker in Canberra
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5881d806-6b46-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Credit markets play a risky dating gameCredit markets play a risky dating game
Tracy Alloway and Sujeet Indap in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c8a02400-6a8b-11e4-a038-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Coal rallies on Glencore mine closuresCoal rallies on Glencore mine closures
Neil Hume, Commodities Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07c18366-6c14-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hollywood is good but Rosetta is better© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85258076-6be9-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nigeria: naira-naira land© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/0adc5e10-6b27-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Halliburton/Baker: you know the drill© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/28fbf8ea-6aac-11e4-a038-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

More cheer as inflation cools to 5-year lowComments
India’s wholesale inflation rate plunged to five year low of 1.77% in October, aided by a sharp drop in vegetable prices, data released Friday showed, intensifying pressures on the RBI to cut interest rates leading to lower EMIs.
The nearly one percentage point drop in wholesale inflation rates over September’s 2.38%, should bring cheer to the NDA government that rode to a landslide election victory promising to bring down prices of essentials as part of its poll pledge to usher in `Aachen din’ (Good days).
It was also the lowest since 1.40% of September 2009, a period when demand for goods fell sharply battered by the worst global recession in 80 years.
Besides, with crude oil prices continuing to plunge, expect retail diesel prices to come down further.
Friday’s data is expected to strengthen the outlook for Indian economy -- third largest in Asia-- recovering from a two-year spell of sub-5% growth. Data released two days ago showed that India’s retail inflation fell to a three-year low of 5.52% in October and factory output rebounded to 2.5% in September.
Wholesale food inflation, a measure of how costly the platter has become, grew 2.70% in October form September’s 3.52%. Wholesale vegetable prices fell 19.61% in October on a year-on-year basis, while onion prices plunged 59.77%.
`Manufactured products inflation’—a broad index to gauge price movements of industrial goods—was lower at 2.43% in October compared to August’s 2.84%, but still higher than last September’s 2.36%.
Business leaders called for an interest rate cut by the RBI in its monetary policy next month.
“This (low inflation rates) provide sufficient room to the RBI to review its prolonged pause in policy rates and move towards policy easing in its forthcoming monetary policy especially as investment and consumption demand are yet to show visible signs of a pick-up”, Chandrajit Banerjee, Director General, Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).

Ratan Tata to be on board of Interpol FoundationRatan Tata to be on board of Interpol Foundation
PTI  New Delhi, November 14, 2014
First Published: 16:44 IST(14/11/2014) | Last Updated: 16:47 IST(14/11/2014)
Tata Sons Chairman Emeritus Ratan Tata has been appointed to the board of Interpol Foundation to contribute to its two new global initiatives aimed at combating organised crime and terrorist activities by the international police organisation.
    
Tata will be in the company of HSBC CEO Stuart Gulliver, Credit Agricole Chairman Jean-Marie Sander, Abraaj Capital Chairman and CEO Arif Naqvi and Renault-Nissan Alliance Chairman and CEO Carlos Ghosn -- the other members of the board, which is headed by Prince Albert II of Monaco and ex-Lebanese Deputy Prime Minister Elias Murr.
    
Interpol Foundation said it is "honoured that Tata Sons Chairman Emeritus Ratan Tata has accepted to sit on its board of trustee and contribute to the success of the Protecting Cultural Property and Modernising Channels of International Judicial Cooperation initiatives."     
The initiatives are two of the five global initiatives backed by Interpol and aimed at combating organised crime and terrorist activities, the foundation said in a statement.
    
The other initiatives taken up by the foundation are I-Chekit -- for protecting airlines hotels and banks from threats of identity fraud headed by Murr; protecting banks and financial institutions led by Naqvi; and INVEX -- fight against transnational vehicle crime and theft headed by Ghosn.
    
"Other initiatives will be announced in 2015 and entrusted to other members of the Board of Trustees," Interpol Foundation said.
 

Direct cash transfers for LPG to start todayDirect cash transfers for LPG to start today
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 15, 2014
First Published: 00:48 IST(15/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:52 IST(15/11/2014)
Comments
Starting Saturday, consumers of subsidised liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) in 54 districts of 11 states — Andhra Pradesh, Daman and Diu, Goa, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh,  Maharashtra, Puducherry, Punjab and Telangana — will start getting cash subsidy in their bank accounts so that they can buy the cooking gas at market price as per the Direct Benefits Transfer of LPG (DBTL) scheme.
Cash equivalent to the difference between the current subsidised rate and the market price is transferred to the bank account of a consumer the moment he or she makes the first booking for a cylinder after joining the scheme.
After the consumer takes delivery of the cylinder, another advance cash subsidy is transferred to the bank account.
“Consumers who had joined the scheme earlier and had received cash subsidy in their bank accounts do not need to do anything further. To confirm this, they should check their CTC (cash transfer compliant) status on www.MyLPG.in ,” an official statement said.
It said consumers who do not have Aadhaar number can receive the subsidy directly in their bank account. “However, as and when they get Aadhaar they may have to shift to Aadhaar-based cash transfer.”
“Consumers who have not registered their CTC will get a three-month grace period during which they will receive the cylinders at subsidised rate. After that, they will get an additional 3 month as parking period, in which they will have to buy cylinders at the market rate. If the consumer joins the scheme within this period, the subsidy as per entitlement and consumption during the period will be transferred to the bank account,” it said. “The government has comprehensively reviewed the scheme and after examining the difficulties substantively modified it scheme prior to launch.”
The plan was launched by the UPA government in June 2013 but was stopped earlier this year following court orders. The scheme has been modified to exclude the requirement of Aadhaar for availing the cash subsidy.

Amazon and publisher bury the hatchetAmazon and publisher bury the hatchet
Shannon Bond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26a087fe-6b8e-11e4-9337-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FCC chief stymied on Web policyBy Brian Fung November 14 Follow @b_fung
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler is in the hot seat over "net neutrality" (AP Photo/Susan Walsh)
When President Obama told his top telecom regulator Monday to apply "the strongest possible rules" on Internet service providers so that they couldn't speed up or slow down certain Web sites over others, he galvanized Democrats around a populist technology issue and set up a showdown with congressional Republicans.
But the White House's move also undermined weeks of work by the chairman of the Federal Communications Commission to develop an alternative policy, which he has said in private meetings could preserve a free and open Web while also addressing concerns by the Internet providers. Because of the unprecedented nature of the FCC's compromise proposal and its controversial nature -- critics fear it would not prevent Internet providers from slowing down content they don't like -- the agency held a flurry of meetings with a wide range of groups, including major tech companies, lobbyists, consumer advocates and the telecom industry to see if it could bring a broad coalition together around its plan, according to a half-dozen people familiar with the discussions.
In the days before the president's statement, the agency's efforts appeared to be working. Some tech companies, including at least one major firm, and several tech interest groups showed signs of warming to the outreach by FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler. They and Wheeler scheduled a series of critical meetings on Monday at the FCC to discuss their differences. Talk emerged of working out language in a letter that would clarify the sentiments of all involved and help build consensus for Wheeler's plan.
But all of that was thrown off-track as soon as Obama called for "bright-line rules" backed up by the FCC's most aggressive powers. Now a number of companies who were close to signing onto the "hybrid" plan proposed by Wheeler are in a holding pattern. Demand for a less-compromising stance has increased. And pressure is building on Wheeler and the FCC to decide what it should do.
"If the week had started not with the president's announcement, but with the tech community and lots of big names lining up in favor of the hybrid, we'd be having a very different conversation right now," said one tech industry official, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the meetings were private.
Before Obama spoke out, some groups who had agreed to talks at the FCC were intercepted by the White House. One major tech industry executive said a White House official told him, days ahead of the president's statement, to "keep your powder dry" — a phrase that the executive interpreted as a signal that he shouldn't yet commit to the FCC's plan.
Wheeler now finds himself facing a movement that is quickly gaining steam around the President's position. Three people who met with Wheeler in the days after the president's statement say he was "adamant" that all options remain on the table -- but they also walked away with the impression that the chairman is still not ready to give up on the agency's hybrid proposal.
"He certainly referred to the hybrid glowingly," said one official, who met with Wheeler late this week and spoke on condition of anonymity to speak freely about the gathering. "If we had to bet where he's heading, it's still the hybrid."
After this story was described to her, an FCC spokeswoman declined to comment.
The debate centers around a crucial question that could shape the future of the Web: Should Internet providers have the power to auction off the highest speeds to Web companies, a scenario that some fear will favor rich and powerful firms such as Google or Netflix over start-ups?
Obama has made it clear that he wants Internet providers, such as Time Warner Cable or Verizon's broadband division, to be regulated by the FCC by putting them under Title II of the Telecommunications Act. That way, they would have to answer to the agency similar to the way phone companies do. With that authority, the agency could ban Internet providers from speeding up Web content that they like and slowing down what they don't, proponents of this approach have argued.
Wheeler, while publicly saying he has been open to all options including the full use of Title II, still appears to favor the hybrid plan that uses some of the FCC's Title II authority only in some circumstances, according to the people who have met with him over the past few weeks.
But the complexity of the hybrid -- and its potential to create legal pitfalls -- have made the plan difficult for even industry officials to digest. Many of the FCC meetings leading up to Obama's statement Monday were spent simply trying to understand what the agency meant by its proposal and how it would work.
"The proposal had been described to me in so many different ways," said one telecom industry official. "At one point I was really going, 'Wow, I really need to have a much clearer picture as to what we're talking about.'"
The FCC initially anticipated voting on rules for broadband providers in its December monthly meeting. That vote will now be pushed back to next year, the agency said this week. The FCC has been developing new rules for Internet providers ever since a federal court threw out the bulk of the agency's old net neutrality regulations in January.
There have been few issues more controversial for the FCC than net neutrality. On Monday, before Obama's statement, Wheeler tried to pull out of his garage to get to work, only to find his driveway blocked by protesters who wanted the full Title II approach instead of the hybrid.
The three people who met with Wheeler this week added that the pressure on the chairman is clearly having an impact. In at least one meeting this week, the chairman was "openly hostile to just about every other idea that was mentioned -- to the point where he would bite people's heads off after they opened their mouths." He also complained how the process has become "politicized."
Another person who had met with Wheeler simply put it this way: "The dude needs a vacation."
Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecom, broadband and digital politics. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic.

Amazon Probably Didn t Get What It Wanted In The Hachette DealAmazon Probably Didn't Get What It Wanted In The Hachette Deal
Posted:
Updated:
11/14/2014  1:59 pm EST
The logo of U.S. online retail giant Amazon is displayed on the Brieselang logistics center, west of Berlin on November 11, 2014.  (JOHN MACDOUGALL/AFP/Getty Images)  | JOHN MACDOUGALL via Getty Images
reddit
On Thursday, Amazon and Hachette said they had ended their bitter, monthslong dispute over ebook pricing.
Each company released a statement from executives who said they were happy with the resolution. Michael Pietsch, the CEO of the book publisher Hachette, called it "great news for writers," and said that the new deal "will benefit Hachette authors for years to come."
Amazon's David Naggar, vice president of Kindle, said the company is "pleased with" the new agreement and that it "will be a great win for readers and authors alike."
Neither company will discuss the terms of the deal. But it seems that Hachette is the winner here -- Amazon doesn't appear to have gotten what it wanted.
At the peak of the nastiness over the summer, when Amazon was slowing shipments of some Hachette books and removing presale buttons on others, and after Comedy Central host Stephen Colbert eviscerated the retail giant in a popular segment on his show , Amazon made the very rare move of going public with what it wanted from Hachette -- namely, $9.99 pricing on most ebooks.
"A key objective is lower e-book prices," Amazon's Books Team wrote in a July 29 letter posted to the Kindle forum , calling ebook prices of $14.99 and $19.99 "unjustifiably high." Amazon's argument was that lower ebook prices would lead to more ebook sales, increasing the size of "the total pie."
Under this proposal, Amazon would keep 30 percent of the revenue, and the author and publisher would each get 35 percent.
But the ability to set lower prices evidently isn't what Amazon got in the end.
Neither company is saying much about the specifics of the deal, but we do know that Hachette, not Amazon, will be controlling the price of its ebooks. In a letter to Hachette authors and agents, posted by CNN's Brian Stelter, Pietsch wrote that the company will get "full responsibility for the consumer prices of our ebooks," and that "the percent of revenue on which Hachette authors’ ebook royalties are based will not decrease under this agreement."
Amazon, according to the statement released by both companies, will provide incentives for Hachette to have lower ebook prices, though the details remain unclear.
Sarah Kahn, an industry analyst at the market researcher IBISWorld, said the agreement shows that Hachette was able to wield some power in the negotiation.
"It definitely means that large publishers have some kind of impact to negotiate with Amazon," said Kahn.
"They both needed this deal," she continued. "Hachette wants to sell books and Amazon needs to keep its reputation intact, especially before the holiday season."
Hachette declined to comment beyond the statement issued on Thursday, and Amazon did not return a request for comment Friday morning.
More:

Reliance Entertainment to buy Western game studios in 2015Story
Reliance Entertainment plans to acquire Western game studios in 2015
Malathi Nayak, Liana Baker and Sumeet Chatterjee     New York/ Mumbai   Last Updated: November 15, 2014  | 11:36 IST
Anil Ambani, chairman of Reliance Group (Photo: Reuters)
Reliance Entertainment plans to begin acquiring North American and European mobile game studios starting in early 2015, in hopes of becoming a significant global player in the fast-growing mobile games industry.
The company, which is the biggest stakeholder in DreamWorks Animation Studios, is in talks with bankers to identify and acquire up-and-coming mobile game studios in North America and Europe to boost sales, Chief Executive Manish Agarwal told Reuters in a phone interview.
"We will go full steam in the January and February time frame in terms of identifying studios," Agarwal said. "Gaming is going to be the largest share of the pie of entertainment time spent, and Reliance would like to be a sizeable player in that space."
Reliance Entertainment is a unit of Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani , one of country's largest conglomerates, with businesses ranging from financial services to infrastructure and power. Its Reliance Games unit is looking at smaller studios at $2 million to $5 million a pop, at least initially, according to Agarwal.
Agarwal said the potential for Reliance Games is "huge."
"In three years, our business will make $50 million in net revenue, and in five years we'll be a $100 million company," he said. Net revenue is after cuts taken by app stores from Google, Apple and others.
Reliance Games, which to date has focused on making titles related to Hollywood properties in partnership with studios such as Warner Bros, Sony and Lions Gate, hopes to use acquisitions to expand into other genres, Agarwal said. Genres of interest include real-time action strategy akin to Supercell's "Clash of Clans," puzzlers like King's "Candy Crush Saga," builder games like Supercell's "Boom Beach," and social casino games.
Reliance Games develops its own titles at its Pune-based studio in India as well as partnering with other game studios. With about 50 million downloads, its most successful game franchise has been "Real Steel," with action titles based on the DreamWorks movie with the same name featuring Hugh Jackman.
In the face of competition from larger and more seasoned players such as King and Japan's GungHo Online Entertainment, Reliance has yet to make waves in a competitive mobile gaming space that investors worry is a fickle, hit-driven business.
Agarwal, who did not identify targets, made it clear that Reliance does not want studios that could be one-hit wonders, such as OMGPOP, which was acquired by Zynga for $200 million but shut down over a year later.
Reliance Games wants nimble studios of five to 12 members and that are "one game away from creating that elusive hit and looking to scale," Agarwal said. "If the game is already doing good, the shelf life of the game could be six to 12 months."
Currently, about 70 per cent of Reliance Game's revenue comes from North America, the UK, Russia and Korea, and about 20 per cent from India, mostly from games offered through telecom carriers rather than app stores.
"For us, it is not an India story as yet as the opportunity lies in growing globally, Agarwal said. "India is the fastest growing market in terms of Android and gaming is going to compete with TV watch. What China is today, India will be in the next 24 to 36 months."
(Reuters)

Enact the USA Freedom Actreddit
Next week, the Senate is scheduled to take up the proposed USA Freedom Act. It is imperative that the Senate approve this legislation.
The USA Freedom Act addresses many of the issues raised by the NSA's program of bulk telephone metadata collection. This program, which has caused such consternation, was approved by the Senate and House Intelligence Committees, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court and the White House. Under the program, the NSA was authorized to collect from telephone service providers massive amounts of indiscriminate data about Americans' phone call records.
The purpose of gathering this data was to enable the NSA to determine whether suspected terrorists outside the United States were talking to suspected terrorists inside the United States.
After the existence of the program was made public by Edward Snowden, President Obama appointed a five-person Review Group to examine the NSA's foreign intelligence surveillance programs and to make recommendations about how those programs might be redesigned to strike a better balance between the nation's compelling interests in individual privacy and national security.
This Review Group, of which I was a member, spent four months meeting intensively with the NSA, the FBI, Homeland Security, the House and Senate Intelligence Committees, the House and Senate Judiciary Committees, officials from the Department of Justice, representatives of most of the nation's privacy and civil liberties organizations, and a host of other individuals and organizations.
In the end, the Review Group produced a comprehensive 300-page report, Liberty and Security in a Changing World, which made forty-six unanimous recommendations about how to reform our nation's foreign intelligence surveillance programs.
Although the USA Freedom Act does not address all of the issues addressed in the report, it adopts most of the Review Group's most important recommendations for limiting the bulk collection of the telephone metadata of American citizens. The proposed Act is a huge step forward in our nation's effort to redesign our surveillance programs to protect the privacy of American citizens without sacrificing the compelling need to protect our national security.
This legislation should be adopted by the Senate, enacted by the House and signed by the President -- without delay.
More:

TV News Shows Largely Ignored Anti-War Voices In Run-Up To Syria Strikes: StudyTV News Shows Largely Ignored Anti-War Voices In Run-Up To Syria Strikes: Study
Posted:
reddit
NEW YORK -– In the weeks leading up to the United States beginning airstrikes against Islamic State targets in Syria, few opposition voices could be heard on Sunday public affairs shows and several prominent news and opinion programs, according to a new study from progressive watchdog Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting.
FAIR found only 6 of 205 guests expressed opposition to U.S. military intervention in Iraq and Syria during appearances on the programs studied between Sept. 7 and Sept. 21. The U.S., which had been striking Islamic State targets in Iraq since the previous month, began its bombing campaign in Syria on Sept. 23.
Nation editor Katrina vanden Heuvel was the only anti-war guest of 89 total guests who appeared on the Sunday shows, according to the study.
For its report, FAIR looked at ABC's "This Week," NBC's "Meet the Press," CBS' "Face the Nation," Fox News' "Special Report" and "Fox News Sunday," CNN's "State of the Union" and "Situation Room," MSNBC's "Hardball," and "PBS NewsHour."
The lack of anti-war voices leading up to the strikes was consistent with a similar lack in the debate prior to the U.S.' intervention against the Islamic State in Iraq. Several top Bush administration officials were given airtime in July to advocate for military intervention in Iraq, despite how badly they bungled the war a decade earlier. Meanwhile, others who expressed skepticism in 2003 didn't get as much air time in the more recent debates.
The disparity in bookings was also reminiscent of the run-up to the Iraq War , when hawkish, pro-war voices seemed to drown out the opposition on influential news and opinion shows.
The Huffington Post noted in September how politicians and pundits often appeared on broadcast and cable news shows claiming that the Islamic State represented an imminent threat to the U.S., even as government agencies and experts were arguing that such was not the case.
More details from FAIR's study can be seen here .
More:

No Control  Documentary Explores Layered Absurdity Of Gun Control Debate'No Control' Documentary Explores Layered Absurdity Of The Gun Control Debate
Posted:
reddit
In "No Control," an arresting documentary debuting at DOC NYC , director Jessica Solce aims her camera at a contentious debate roaring in America. Solce explores the murky waters of gun rights, giving voice to advocates from both sides.
"'No Control' is about carving out a moment to listen to all ideas, ideas that we'd never encounter," Solce explained to The Huffington Post. "It's about providing a place to step outside our immediate environment and thought circles."
On one side, Shaina Harrison, director of youth programming for New Yorkers Against Gun Violence , dismantles the argument that gun control laws only serve to inconvenience law-abiding gun owners.
"All illegal guns were once legal," she said. "We already know that these guns are coming from states where they have very lax gun laws and are coming down this iron pipeline and being littered upon these communities that can't afford the violence."
A staunch advocate of background checks, she's seeking accountability amongst legal firearm owners. "When those guns end up on 125th Street in Harlem, guess what? Now [they] have to explain how those guns got from [them] to Harlem. Somebody's accountable," Harrison said.
On another side, Solce's interviews with Cody Wilson , who is working to make 3D-printed semi-automatic weapons readily available to the general public, provide some of the most provocative footage, punctuated by gunfire on a range in the background. Wilson, director of Defense Distributed and self-described crypto-anarchist, would like you to be able to create guns in your living room with ease.
"Everything has the capacity for abuse," he said, citing the public's "massive intolerance" of risk. "If I represent any kind of danger, it's just in thought practice."
"What I want is to participate in this ongoing debate by highlighting the grayness of it, by providing fair portraits and therefore showing that this isn't about a homogenized rant," said Solce. "Where's this grayness and what do we need to listen to in order to close the door on this debate, if that's even possible."
Threaded neatly throughout the film, the development of graphic artist Greg Boker's installation "Erase" examines a unique approach to the gun control debate. His 20-foot pencil drawing of an AR-15 rifle gave viewers an opportunity to destroy the work using erasers stamped with the name of a gun-violence victim. "I drew it to be erased," said Boker. "To me, the finished piece is an erased drawing."
"Nobody wants death. Nobody," said Solce, in an attempt to find common ground. "If we're all fighting against violence, what does that mean? I don't think the movie is meant to provide an answer, but to ask more questions and create an open framework for debate."
In an exclusive clip from the documentary, Victor Head, a plumber who helped to spearhead the recall of Colorado Sens. Angela Giron and John Morse , explains what he sees as the arbitrary serial number requirements for firearms:
"No Control" premieres Saturday, Nov. 15, at 9:30 p.m. as part of DOC NYC at IFC Center in the West Village. Catch it again Wednesday, Nov. 19, at 12:45 p.m.
More:

Infosys  DreamWorks sign pact for engineering solutionsInfosys ties up with DreamWorks Animation for new engineering solutions
IANS     Bengaluru   Last Updated: November 15, 2014  | 12:20 IST
Photo: Reuters
Global software major Infosys has entered into a strategic partnership with DreamWorks Animation SKG to develop new engineering solutions.
"The tie-up envisages developing next generation technologies with our global talent pool in cloud, big data, Java and open source platforms for DreamWorks," the IT bellwether said in a statement in Bengaluru on Saturday.
The US-based digital studio creates animated feature films, television programmes and online virtual worlds.
Infosys chief executive Vishal Sikka said the company had a market-leading record of delivering critical engineering services to innovative tech firms like DreamWorks.
"Combination of our expertise in delivering engineering services and technologies has huge potential for wider use in the world around us," Sikka said on the occasion.
Lauding the tie-up between two major firms, DreamWorks chief executive Jeffrey Katzenberg said as a world leader in enterprise solutions, Infosys was the right partner to develop new technology on a large scale.
The two-decade-old studio co-founded by Katzenberg with renowned Hollywood film maker Steven Spielberg, has rolled out 29 feature films in animation, which generated $12 billion revenue worldwide till August 2014.

Our brand will return to consumer world: NokiaOur brand will return to consumer world, says Nokia CEO
Eric Auchard        Last Updated: November 15, 2014  | 12:17 IST
Nokia CEO Rajeev Suri speaks during a news conference to announce its first quarter earnings in Espoo April 29, 2014. (Photo: Reuters)
Don't call it a comeback yet. But Nokia is thinking about how to revive its brand name in consumer markets just months after selling off its former flagship mobile phones business to Microsoft for more than $7 billion.
"I think you can expect our brand will return to the consumer world," Nokia's chief executive Rajeev Suri said on Friday when asked about rumours that the networks equipment maker was looking to re-enter the handset market.
Suri told investors at a presentation in London that his company will look to licensing the brand name to other firms rather than starting up a new handset business itself.
"We see brand licensing as an opportunity. But I would say it is more of a long-term opportunity," Suri said of potential deals where other makers of consumer electronics might pay Nokia to use its brand on their products.
Another company executive on Friday pointed to Porsche Design as an example of the sort of brand-licensing deals Nokia might consider.
No deal is imminent but the Nokia brand could eventually appear on a range of electronics, not necessarily phones. "This is not a sentimentality thing," Suri said.
Microsoft this week dropped the Nokia name on its latest Lumia 535 smartphone, having acquired the Nokia business back in April.
Nokia was once synonymous with mobile phones but the brand's ranking sank to 98th this year among the world's best known corporate names, down from fifth in 2007, according to a survey by market researcher Interbrand.
The slide came after first Apple and then Samsung Electronics entered the smartphone market to successfully challenge the Finnish company's decade of market leadership.

Tips for selling house at best possible priceRenu Yadav      Follow @moneyrenu    Edition: November 2014
Photo: Reuters
The real estate market has been sluggish for the past few years. Sales have plunged and prices are falling due to high inventory. In such a scenario, selling a house is not easy. But what if you had bought it as an investment for a goal such as your child's education and cannot wait? Don't worry. We tell you how to get the best possible price, and that too quickly, for your house.
Pricing it correctly
The first thing you must do is to price the property correctly. Price is the main attraction for buyers and a big differentiator. The right price tag will attract more buyers.
Pricing your house incorrectly can cost you dearly. "In case of both overpricing and underpricing, the owner is guaranteeing that he or she won't be optimising returns on his or her efforts," says Advitiya Sharma,co-founder & marketing head of housing.com, a mapbased home search portal.
Underpricing will lower returns. But if you overprice, especially when the market sentiment is not very upbeat, the house may not find any takers. You may also have to spend considerable time and effort to dispose of the property.
'The advantage of online listing lies in the fact that you are able to attract buyers from faroff areas,' says Aditya Verma, CEO, makaan.com
Asking for a price that is much higher than the market rate will put off potential buyers. Mayank, a nonresident Indian, has been planning to sell his house for the past six months. He is demanding Rs 90 lakh for his three bedroom-hall-kitchen flat with an area of 1,200-1,300 square feet (sq ft) in Indirapuram in Delhi-NCR. The asking price comes to Rs 6,900 per sq foot. But the average price in Indirapuram is around Rs 5,700 per sq foot, according to makaan.com. He is expecting a premium of Rs 1,200 per sq foot over the market price. He could have possibly got some premium in the boom period prior to 2008. But in today's sluggish market, where there are few buyers, it will be tough to sell a house, especially an overpriced one.
"You must look from the buyer's viewpoint. Personally visit houses up for sale in the neighbourhood. Ensure that these houses are in the same price range as yours and evaluate them on the basis of design, size, proximity to infrastructure, connectivity and condition," says Vineet K. Singh, business head, 99acres.com.
Compare your asking price with that of other properties available for sale in the area.
Experts, in fact, say that if you want to sell your house quickly, you can give a small discount by keeping the asking price lower than what others are quoting. This will attract more buyers.
"Open your home to potential buyers. See their reaction in the first 30-40 days. If they are not making offers, it is probable that you have priced the house higher than it deserves," says Singh of 99acres.com.
But what if the house still does not find a buyer? Sumit Jain, co-founder & CEO, commonfloor.com, says, "One can take out the property from the market for some time and re-list it later. This is because owners of residential properties that are not sold for a long period are compelled to cut prices as agents and buyers start asking questions about why it is not being bought."
Determine the Right Price
There are various property websites like makaan.com, commonfloor.com, 99acres.com, magicbricks.com and proptiger.com which provide price data for specific areas. You can also go to local brokers as they know the price trends in their areas.
Do Repairs
First impression is important. So, a fresh coat of paint will add value to the property. Minor repairs like fixing leaking faucets, broken windows, damaged stairs and chipped-off plaster can have a positive impact. The house should look neat, tidy and spacious. Jain of commonfloor.com says take professional help if required.
"Home staging with the help of a professional is the best way to score among competitors in a slow market," he says. Home staging is preparing your house for sale and involves cleaning, doing repairs and adding furniture.
Choosing Broker
It is among the most crucial aspects. If you don't have time and don't want to take the trouble of showing your house to every interested party, hire a broker. It will save you a lot of time, effort and energy. The broker will also help you in negotiations and paper work. But don't forget to do a thorough background check on him. Confirm his reputation and ask about the fee he is going to charge before entering into an agreement with him.
Advertise Effectively
Spread the word among friends and relatives. Use social media . Maybe you will get lucky and find a buyer among those known to you. Advertising through online portals has also become popular over the years as these days most potential buyers do basic research online.
"The advantage of online listing lies in the fact that you are able to attract buyers from far-off areas that may not be possible through conventional methods.
Your advertisement is visible to buyers 24x7 and they can contact you through phone or SMS", says Aditya Verma, CEO, makaan.com.
But there are certain things you should keep in mind while advertising on online portals to make it more effective.
a) Take pictures and upload as many as you can. If possible, describe the property , and highlight features like availability of power-back-up and furniture.
b) Never give wrong information. Today buyers are extra cautious and check the smallest of details. Giving wrong information can lead to cancellation of the sale.
c) Another way of differentiating your property is using premium paid services provided by these websites. This ensures that your property appears on the top in searches.
"Most property sites offers basic and premium listing options. If an owner wants his property to appear on top, he must furnish full details of the property and take the premium listing option," says Verma.
Another service online portals provide is verifying the property by visiting it personally. "Posting photos and listing amenities is infinitely more useful when these details are independently verified. Many portals do it for a fee," says Sharma of housing.com.
Paper Work
"All paperwork related to selling and handing over of the property should be kept handy. This will ensure that the deal closes faster. Apart from the sale documents, one should keep proof of prior purchases, property tax receipts and major installations in the house. Both parties should also agree on the payment methods," says Verma of makaan.com.

Britannia Q2 net profit zooms to Rs 270.46 croreBritannia Q2 net profit zooms to Rs 270.46 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 15, 2014  | 13:23 IST
Photo: Reuters
Bakery and dairy products maker Britannia Industries on Friday reported two-fold increase in its consolidated net profit at Rs 270.46 crore for the second quarter ended on September 30, on account of cost efficiencies and increased off-take.
The company had posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 97.64 crore in July-September period of previous fiscal, Britannia Industries said in a filing to the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Total income from operations rose to Rs 1,974.51 crore during the quarter, up 12.45 per cent against Rs 1,755.75 crore in the same period of previous fiscal.
Britannia Industries Managing Director Varun Berry said, "We continue to drive consumer off-take and focus on cost efficiencies. This has resulted in second quarter consolidated revenue growth of 12 per cent with 43 per cent increase in profit from operations on an equalised basis".
On the outlook of the company, he said: We will continue to launch new products in the coming months.
For the first half of 2014-15, Britannia Industries' consolidated net profit also doubled to Rs 384.12 crore as against Rs 187.13 crore in the same period last year.
Britannia Industries' total income during the six-month period increased by 13.73 per cent to Rs 3,761.50 crore, as against Rs 3,307.26 crore in the same period previous fiscal.
Shares of Britannia Industries on Friday closed at Rs 1625.15 per scrip on BSE, up 1.71 per cent from their previous close.

Reform must be people centric  people-driven: PMReform must be people centric, people-driven, says Narendra Modi
G Sudhakar Nair     Brisbane   Last Updated: November 15, 2014  | 13:52 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
As he seeks to accelerate his economic reform drive, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said reform process is bound to face resistance and wanted it to be insulated from political pressures.
Making a strong pitch for economic reforms, Mold told fellow G20 leaders at a Retreat in Brisbane that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that methods of governance must be reformed.
The retreat was hosted by Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Queensland Parliament House where the leaders met without aides shortly before the annual summit of the 20 industrialised and major economies kicecked off at the Brisbane Convention Centre in the afternoon.
A barbeque lunch was served to the G20 leaders.
"Reform is bound to face resistance, must be insulated from political pressures," said Modi.
The Prime Minister also made it clear that reform has to be driven by the people and that it cannot be undertaken by "stealth".
Asserting that reform must be people-centric and people-driven, he said globally reforms are handicapped with perception of being government programmes and a burden on the people and this needs to change.
Modi felt that reforms should lead to simplification of processes and that governance methods must be reformed.
Noting that reform is a continuous multi-stage process and that it must be institutionalised, the prime minister said it must be technology driven and must have scale and address root causes..
External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters Friday that Prime Minister Abbott had specially requested Modi to outline his vision for reforms at the informal meeting of G20 leaders at the retreat in addition to his intervention at the main summit.
In his remarks at the retreat, Abbott said the G20 leaders bear heavy responsibility to achieve economic change.
"Nowhere on earth will there be a more influential gathering than this," he told the group.
"The world is looking to all of us right now to try to demonstrate to an uncertain and at times anxious world there are people who know what they are doing, that there are people who have a plan for growth and for jobs," Abbott said.
However, Abbott acknowledged there were limitations in what could be achieved, and that there would be inevitable disagreements among the leaders.
He urged them to speak candidly and openly at the summit.
"The only rules, as far as I'm concerned, are if we can speak from our heart rather than from a script, that would be good," he added.
(PTI)

SpiceJet Narrows Q2 Loss to Rs 310 Crore After Filling More SeatsYou are here: Home Corporates
SpiceJet Narrows Q2 Loss to Rs 310 Crore After Filling More Seats
Reuters | Updated On: November 15, 2014 15:55 (IST)
Jet Airways Shelves Plan to Transfer ATR Turboprop Fleet to Subsidiary: Report
New Delhi: SpiceJet Ltd lost Rs 310 crore ($50.2 million) in the three months to September 30, the company said late on Friday, less than the Rs 560 crore it lost last year after it lowered fares to fill more seats.
SpiceJet, which has now lost money for five consecutive quarters, has been discounting ticket prices, trimming costs and reducing the size of its fleet in the last few months, as it battles fierce competition in a country where all but one of India's main carriers are losing money.
The Indian budget airline said the strategy had helped it to increase the amount of revenue it was earning per available seat kilometre by 12 per cent during the quarter, and reduce costs by 7 per cent, but that it was not enough to bring it back to profitability.
"Management believes that there is still further significant potential on both improving revenues. The improved performance further demonstrates that the turnaround effort, which is still work-in-progress, has gained momentum during the quarter," SpiceJet said in a statement.
Sanjiv Kapoor, SpiceJet's chief operating officer, told Reuters last month that the airline still needed new funding to anchor its turnaround efforts.
(1 dollar = 61.7050 rupees)

Wal-Mart s Vudu Joins Disney s Cloud Movie ServiceJet Airways Shelves Plan to Transfer ATR Turboprop Fleet to Subsidiary: Report
Los Angeles: Walt Disney Co's cloud-based movie storage service will give customers the ability to add purchases from Vudu, an online store operated by Wal-Mart Stores Inc, a Disney official said on Friday.
Films bought on Vudu will be integrated with the Disney Movies Anywhere service starting on Tuesday, Jamie Voris, Disney Studios' chief technology officer, said at an event where the company highlighted mobile initiatives.
Disney is building the service as studios try to steer movie fans to digital purchases while sales of DVDs decline.
The media company launched Disney Movies Anywhere in February with Apple Inc's iTunes, and this month partnered with the Google Play online store. Customers can buy more than 400 Disney, Pixar and Marvel movies through those retailers and watch them on a variety of Internet-connected TVs, computers and mobile devices.
The addition of Vudu comes on the same day that Disney releases a sing-along version of animated blockbuster 'Frozen' and digital versions of the Marvel hit 'Guardians of the Galaxy'.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Shri Lakshmi Metal has grown rapidly since 2008Moving with speed: Shri Lakshmi Metal's Chairman Sanjay Gupta (Photo: Vivan Mehra)
CATEGORY: Best Emerging Company (Mid-sized Companies), Excellence in Performance & Business Scalability
When Sanjay Gupta acquired the Bangalore-based Shri Lakshmi Metal Udyog (SLMU) in 2008, the maker of steel tubes was using less than a fifth of its annual capacity of 60,000 metric tonnes. At the time, Gupta was running pipe-making company Bihar Tubes out of New Delhi and was looking to expand his business. "The previous promoters of SLMU were traders who had little interest in running this unit. So when the opportunity came to us, we grabbed it," says Gupta, who is now the Chairman of SLMU.
Since its buyout, there's no looking back for SLMU. Soon after the acquisition, Gupta fixed the bottlenecks in the supply chain and manufacturing processes. He prepared an expansion plan to cater to rising demand from southern India and entered into fresh raw material sourcing contracts to meet its growth needs. Today, the company has an annual capacity of 100,000 metric tonnes with almost 70 per cent utilisation.
The steel pipes made by SLMU are used across a variety of sectors, including construction, auto, and transportation. "We have single-handedly created a market for rooftop pipes in Kerala that today accounts for roughly 80 per cent of our business," says Gupta. In coastal areas, where rainfall is frequent, rooftops are usually slopeshaped to protect the walls from moisture. SLMU replaced the conventional roofing methods with its products that were economical, easier to install, aesthetically stylish and had a longer life.
The acquisition also prompted Gupta to focus on product innovation, which helped in improving production output and profit margins. Prior to 2008, SLMU was bringing out about 18 products. This number was increased substantially to 600. With more value-added products, the company could cater to more type of customers in states such as Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. "By changing the product mix, we increased both top line and bottom line numbers," says Gupta, 43.
Gupta also shifted SLMU to Japanese technology that increased yield and improved efficiency. For instance, in the conventional technology, every tonne of raw material would produce 90 tonnes of finished product. With the new technology, the output went up to 96 tonnes.
To boost the profit margin, the company optimised the production process. The cold-rolled production process, almost unnecessary in producing steel pipes that SLMU makes, was done away with. The raw material is now directly galvanized to make finished goods. It helped save about Rs 4,000 per tonne in production costs.
These efforts have paid off. The company's profit margin has jumped from around two per cent six years ago to about 10 per cent now. In 2013/14, SLMU clocked revenues of Rs 358 crore, a five-fold rise over 2007/08 revenues of Rs 70 crore. The target for next year is Rs 500 crore.
The rapid expansion did not result in SLMU becoming overleveraged, as it happened with several steel and cement makers. The expansion is funded through a mix of debt and internal accruals. Its total debt-to-equity ratio is 0.48:1.
SLMU main competitors include Tata Steel , Surya Roshni and Jindal Industries, among others. Gupta says the usage of pipes increases with a rise in disposable income. The market for steel tubes in India stands at 6 million metric tonnes a year and is growing at more than 12 per cent annually. "The steel industry grows at 1.5 times the growth of GDP. Pipe market grows at a slightly higher rate than that," says Gupta. "Given that the GDP growth is likely to accelerate, the pipe industry will grow even faster."

Nokia s Cautious Forecast on Profit Margins Disappoints InvestorsJet Airways Shelves Plan to Transfer ATR Turboprop Fleet to Subsidiary: Report
Helsinki/London: Nokia predicted on Friday a return to growth for sales in its core network equipment and services business next year and lifted its long-term profit margin target after meeting strong demand for 4G mobile broadband networks this year.
However, the share price fell by nearly 6 per cent to 6.28 euros as analysts said the margin target could have been more ambitious, mindful that the company was expecting to beat the new target in 2014.
Nokia, which ranks third in the global network-equipment market after Ericsson and Huawei Technologies, said it was now aiming for a long-term operating margin of between 8 and 11 per cent, up from its previous target of 5 to 10 per cent.
Analysts had expected the move after Nokia last month reported a margin of 11.4 per cent for the first nine months of 2014 and forecast a margin of "slightly above 11 per cent" for the full year on the back of large network roll-outs in North America and China and a successful cost-cutting campaign.
"The margin range in networks should be seen as a bit bearish by some as the upper end already is priced into the estimates," said Inderes analyst Mikael Rautanen.
Chief executive Rajeev Suri said on Friday at the group's first capital markets day for five years that after four years of retrenchment Nokia had shown in the third quarter that it could increase both sales and profits.
"Now we are looking to increase our addressable market and move smartly into new areas," he said, mentioning a range of market prospects including antennas, small cells and software-defined networks.
Market leader Ericsson announced plans on Thursday to cut its costs to help it cope with weaker growth prospects in the overall market.
Nokia sold its struggling handset business in April to Microsoft in a 5.6 billion-euro ($7 billion) deal that left it to concentrate on developing the networks business.
Looking to next year's performance, Mr Suri said on Friday the company expects an increase in sales in the core business and an operating margin in line with the new long-term target.
Chief finance officer Timo Ihamuotila said if market dynamics did not change, the margin would be towards the higher end in 2015.
(1 dollar = 0.8042 euro)

Week Ahead: Sensex to Track Global Cues  Major Local Factors AbsentRupee Ends Lower at 61.90, in Line With Asian Peers
The Sensex is largely seen tracking global events for direction in the week starting November 17. Japan growth data on Monday is expected to provide direction early on.
Besides, caution is likely to prevail in domestic markets ahead of monetary policy review by the Reserve Bank of India on December 2.
Bonds may continue to retreat after touching over fifteen-month highs on November 13.
The ten-year bond is seen in an 8.15 to 8.35 per cent range next week.
A continued fall in global crude prices is seen supporting sentiment for debt.
The rupee is seen in the range of 61.50 to 62 against dollar early next week and a broad 61.20-62.20 band next week.
The Nifty is seen holding between 8,300 and 8,500 range for the week.
With July-September earnings reporting season almost over, stock investors would focus on foreign flows.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Dan Linehan / Irish Examiner
JK Tyre Q2 profit rises 16 per cent to Rs 76.45 croreJK Tyre Q2 profit rises 16 per cent to Rs 76.45 crore
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: November 15, 2014  | 15:52 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
JK Tyre & Industries on Friday reported an increase of 16.22 per cent in consolidated net profit at Rs 76.45 crore for the second quarter ended September 30, on account of increased sales of truck and bus radials.
The company had posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 65.78 crore in July-September quarter previous fiscal, JK Tyre said in a statement.
The company's consolidated total income increased by 3.64 per cent to Rs 1,872.40 crore during the quarter under review as against Rs 1,806.56 crore of the same quarter in the previous fiscal.
Commenting on the second quarter performance, JK Tyre & Industries Chairman & Managing Director Raghupati Singhania said: "The company put up a good performance during the second quarter. Our emphasis on truck and bus radials continues to help us ward off slow growth in the overall automotive market."
The company's focus on replacement market by expanding the width and depth of the distribution network, backed by introduction of high performing new products has reaped good dividends, he added.
JK Tyre has maintained its leadership in truck/bus radials. JK Tornel, Mexico also continues to perform well and has added to both the top and bottom line of JK Tyre.
Its expansion in the PCR category is progressing well and the increased output of PCR tyres is expected from early next year onwards as planned.
On the outlook, he said:" JK Tyre's Indian expansion at an outlay of Rs 1,430 crores to add capacity in the TBR (Truck and Bus Radial Tyre) and PCR (Passenger Car Radial) categories at Chennai tyre plant is moving ahead at full steam as per schedule".
For the first half of 2014-15, JK Tyre consolidated net profit increased 8.96 per cent to Rs 131.89 crore as against Rs 121.04 crore in the same period last year.
JK Tyre's consolidated total income during the six-month period increased marginally 1.46 per cent to Rs 3,736.56 crore, as against Rs 3,682.59 crore in the same period of the previous fiscal.
Shares of JK Tyre on Friday closed at Rs 517.55 per scrip on Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), down 0.50 per cent from their previous close.

Oil prices might continue to fall further  says IEADrop in oil prices might continue through first half of 2015, says IEA
IANS     Paris   Last Updated: November 15, 2014  | 16:17 IST
Photo: Reuters
The International Energy Agency (IEA) is maintaining its forecast of a weak increase in global oil demand this year, pointing out that the demand might increase slightly in 2015.
In its monthly report released on Friday, the IEA noted that the continuous drop in oil prices since June 2014 might continue through the first half of 2015.
Unless a problem occurs in producing countries, such as oil extraction operations in Libya being disrupted by civil conflict, supply is not expected to dwindle despite the price decline that saw Brent crude off by 30 per cent from the peak it reached in June 2014, the IEA clarified.
Oil consumption is expected to reach 92.4 million barrels per day (bpd) this year, the organisation that brings together the developed world's major energy consumers observed.
This figure represents an increase of 680,000 daily barrels compared to 2013, the lowest rate in five years.
The agency also expected demand to reach 93.6 million barrels per day in 2015, with an increase of 1.2 million barrels over this year. However, quarterly details reveal that the rate increase between January and March 2015 will be one million barrels, compared to the same period in 2014.
The other factor that explains the price drop for Brent barrels to less than $80 for the first time in four years is that supply rates rose by 35,000 barrels per day in October, reaching 94.2 million bpd.
Compared to a year earlier, production volume rose by 2.7 million barrels per day, with contributions from both Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), members and other producers, who extracted 1.8 million additional daily barrels.
Although OPEC reduced its production in October 2014 by 150,000 bpd compared to September 2014, the organisation's 30.60 million bpd production is still higher than the 30 million bpd official target.
The IEA expected that demand for OPEC production next year will reach 29.2 million bpd; however, it will suffer a seasonal drop of 1.3 million bpd during the last three months of this year and the first three months of 2015.
For the remaining countries, the exceptional daily rise of 1.8 million additional barrels will not be repeated in 2015, but the 1.3 million additional barrels will remain a high growth rate compared to historical rates.
This development is largely caused by the arrival of oil from unconventional oilfields, which are making significant gains regarding cost efficiency. The move is being accelerated by the downward pressure of prices.

What Makes the Marwari Community Successful in BusinessYou are here: Home Your Money
What Makes Marwaris Successful in Business
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 15, 2014 11:54 (IST)
RBI Doubles Pre-Paid Card Limit to Rs 1 Lakh
New Delhi: From musty establishments in the dusty lanes of Kolkata's Burra Bazaar to towering office blocks in the financial nerve center of the country, Mumbai, the Marwari community plays a crucial role in turning the wheels of the country's economy as innovators, entrepreneurs and business leaders.
Their extraordinary success forms the primary subject for Thomas A Timberg in his book 'The Marwaris: From Jagat Seth to the Birlas'.
Speaking at a recent panel discussion here with author Gurcharan Das, Mr Timberg attempted to answer the fundamental question that cropped up: What makes the Marwaris so successful as a business community?
"One of the reasons they are so successful, I think, is because of their ability to adapt to situations. A flexibility of mind is surely an important trait responsible for their extraordinary success," he said.
"The answer also probably lies in the fact the commercial communities in general, and Marwaris in particular, have successfully implemented attitudes, skills and support systems," he added.
Elaborating further, Mr Das enumerated a few characteristic traits which he attributed to the community.
"Their entrepreneurial instinct, credibility as businessmen and their community spirit are big factors in their success," he said.
He also highlighted the community's risk-taking ability.
"The business world rewards those who take risks. The incredible achievements of the Marwaris have often been credited to their extraordinary risk-taking ability."
Mr Das discussed the pitfalls of the socialist era and how that led to stagnation in the growth of the market and saw a downturn in the fortunes of business communities as a whole.
"Competition is the school in which companies learn to perfect their skills. By closing the economy and discouraging competition, socialism made Indian business houses complacent and insensitive to customer needs. They lost the incentive to improve their products and acquire marketing skills."
In his book, Mr Timberg chronicles the journey of a community that, from the desert sands of Rajasthan, slowly spread out to all the corners of the country, and eventually achieved phenomenal success in their trade.
Touching on this aspect, Mr Das writes in his foreword to the book, "With their enormous appetite for risk, the Marwaris controlled much of India's inland trade by the end of the First World War. Gradually they turned to industry after the war, and by 1970 they controlled much of the nation's private industrial assets, and by 2011 the Marwaris accounted for a quarter of the Indians on the Forbes list of billionaires."
The book is part of a series edited by Gurcharan Das about Indian businesses. The previous books include 'Arthashastra', 'East India Company' and 'Money in Ancient India' among others.
Story first published on: November 14, 2014 21:41 (IST)

US Data Points to Strong Spending Ahead of Holiday Shopping FrenzyYou are here: Home Economy
US Data Points to Strong Spending Ahead of Holiday Shopping Frenzy
Reuters | Updated On: November 15, 2014 15:34 (IST)
India Surprised This Year, May Do So Again in 2015: Citigroup
Washington: US retailers reported strong sales in October, a sign American consumers were spending with more gusto and could help keep the economy growing at a brisk pace.
Other data on Friday showed consumer sentiment rising to a seven-year high this month, also positive for the spending outlook as the country nears its traditional period of frenzied holiday shopping.
Retail sales, which account for about one-third of consumer spending, rose 0.3 per cent in October, the Commerce Department said.
The gain was larger than analysts expected, and would have been higher but for a 1.5 per cent drop in receipts at gasoline retailers.
"(The) numbers bode well for the crucial holiday shopping season," said Paul Diggle, an economist at Capital Economics in London. Americans turn their shopping into overdrive in late November ahead of December's Christmas holiday.
Sales rose broadly in October among retailers, from purveyors of clothing to sporting goods shops. Sales climbed 0.5 per cent in a key reading that strips out volatile elements like gasoline, autos, building materials and food services.
The gains support the view that US consumers are ready to play a bigger role in supporting the recent acceleration in US economic growth.
Analysts expect the economy will expand about 3 per cent next year, faster than the average growth rates clocked since the 2007-09 recession.
Other data showed the falling US unemployment rate and lower gasoline prices lifted a preliminary November reading of the Thomson Reuters/University of Michigan's consumer sentiment index to 89.4, the highest since July 2007.
Separately, Labor Department data showed import prices fell 1.3 per cent in September, as cheaper oil and a strong dollar made it less expensive for Americans to buy goods from abroad.
While the US economy has accelerated in recent months, the global economy has appeared to slow, including in China, and the price of oil has weakened significantly. This is a boon for American shoppers.
"Consumers are spending what they are saving at the gas pump," said Camilla Sutton, a currency strategist at Scotiabank in Toronto.
The dollar has gained more than 10 per cent against the currencies of US trading partners since June on expectations a stronger US economy will lead the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates, and Friday's data led it to rise a little more against the yen and the euro.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: November 15, 2014 00:05 (IST)

Fair Trade Regulator Studies Allegations Against E-TailersMumbai: The Competition Commission of India (CCI) is looking into allegations of unfair trade practices against online retailers and a final decision on whether to probe the matter will be taken in a couple of months.
Steep discount sales offered by various online retailers have raised concerns of anti-competitive practices.
CCI Chairman Ashok Chawla said on Friday that the regulator has received some complaints against online retailers.
"Some complaints have come to us. E-commerce is an evolving new area for us. We are studying the complaint and also the issue," he said.
He was responding to queries on whether CCI has received complaints against Flipkart and other online retailers.
According to Mr Chawla, the competition watchdog might take two months to decide on further course of action on the complaint.
The CCI chairman was speaking on the sidelines of an event here organised by the Public Affairs Forum of India along with law firm J Sagar Associates.
Recently, there was an uproar over Flipkart's massive discount sale which had raised concerns of anti-competitive practices.
Last month, the government had said that it would look into the concerns and take a call on whether more clarity is required on e-commerce retail business, after concerns were raised about sale exercises undertaken by Flipkart and others.
Flipkart's 'Big Billion Day' sale on October 6, which offered steep discounts on various products, had raised concerns among small and big traders that such campaigns would badly affect players in the traditional retail market.
"We have received many inputs. Lot of concerns have been expressed. We will look into it," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had said at that time.
In recent times, many e-commerce portals have been coming out with steep discount sales.
Flipkart had said that its 'Big Bilion Day' sale saw 1.5 million people shopping at its portal. It also claimed that products worth over Rs 600 crore were sold in just 10 hours under the scheme.
Story first published on: November 15, 2014 16:35 (IST)

Financial Inclusion: All Households in Kerala  Goa Get Bank AccountsONGC to Spend Rs 16,200 Crore to Drill 45 Wells in KG-Basin
New Delhi: Giving a boost to the Centre's financial inclusion agenda, Kerala and Goa have become the first states in India with every household having at least one bank account.
"Kerala was declared as 100 per cent saturated State (in terms of coverage of all households with at least one bank account) on November 11," the Finance Ministry said in a statement.
In addition, Goa, Chandigarh, Puducherry and Lakshadweep and three districts of Gujarat - Porbandar, Mehasana, Gandhi Nagar, have also covered all households under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) with at least one bank account, it said.
As on November 10, 7.24 crore accounts have been opened under PMJDY, of which, 4.29 crore are in rural areas and 2.95 crore in urban.
RuPay Cards have been issued in case of 3.97 crore accounts.
Recently, Financial Services Secretary Hasmukh Adhia reviewed the progress in implementation of PMJDY with state-level banking committees conveners of all the states.
During the meeting, banks were asked to undertake Information and Education Campaign (IEC) to disseminate information and awareness among the masses.
Department of Financial Services is regularly emphasising the early issuance of RuPay Debit Cards, e-KYC based account opening, Aadhaar seeding, financial literacy and the progress in survey made.
The statement said, 83 per cent of the survey work has been completed and banks have been asked to complete the remaining work by November 30. As per the initial results on an average about 80 per cent of the households surveyed have now got at least one bank account.
A reward scheme has also been put in place to incentivise the bankers.
Lenders have been asked to be in preparedness for modified direct benefit transfer for LPG (DBTL) Scheme proposed to be launched on November 15. The DBTL scheme will be re-launched in five districts -- Jalandhar, Nawanshahr, Ludhiana, Barnala and Faridkot - in the first phase of the re-launch.
Story first published on: November 15, 2014 11:09 (IST)

Singapore ready to help India develop smart citiesSingapore ready to help India develop 100 smart cities, says Senior Minister asagos Zulkifli
PTI     Singapore   Last Updated: November 15, 2014  | 17:14 IST
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
Singapore is ready to help India make a good decision in realising its ambitious plan to develop 100 smart cities across the country, a senior minister said in Singapore on Friday.
Singapore is ready to help India in developing its cities, including capital New Delhi, but it can only provide a vision whose implementation depends on the people and leadership of the country, Masagos Zulkifli, Senior Minister of State, Ministry of Home Affairs said.
We can't help India, only India can help itself, we can only provide vision and its up to the government and the people in the country how they implement it, he told a group of visiting Indian journalists.
Singapore could help that you get it right. Singapore is here to offer help, he said when asked how Singapore can help India in realising Prime Minister Narendra Modi's plans to develop 100 smart cities .
Masagos said realising a vision is just a matter of political will and he is confident that Prime Minister Modi will be able to take India to new heights.
I have no doubt that India can thrive like China, he said. When asked about which are the area where India lacks the most, he replied, it's planning.
With good basic planning everything else falls into place automatically when people and the government are determined to implement it, he said.
Elaborating on the Singapore model of smart cities, Masagos said Singapore as a city state always kept in mind its future needs while planning for current needs.
Its important to figure out for whom you are building these cities. What are their needs, he said adding that on smart cities we have a proposal on the table and we want them (India) to make a good decision.
The minister said India needs to resolve its land acquisition issues so that people get good compensation before being relocated to undertake such projects.
Singapore from its own experience can also help India in water management, he said. Praising India's democratic structure, he said Singapore had fantastic relations with India and it would like to ensure that in the future too.
When asked whether Singapore wants to discourage expat workers by framing tough eligibility criteria, Masagos said the country is addicted to foreign workers and expats, who are able to contribute to the economy and productivity, are always welcome.

Tommy Hilfiger on luxury  Indian fashion and importance of time'Time is my biggest luxury'
Fashion icon Tommy Hilfiger says India offers designers cutting-edge options
Saurav Bhanot        Edition: Nov 23, 2014
Fashion icon Tommy Hilfiger (Photo: Rohit Chawla)
Tommy hilfiger may be a lot of things, from maverick designer to fashion consultant on American Idol, but few know him as a direct descendant of Scottish poet Robert Burns. Nonetheless, there is undeniably an element of poetry in his creations, something that has elevated him to a position of prominence in the world of wardrobe choices. Hilfiger shares the true meaning of luxury, the importance of time in his busy life, and his personal connection with India.
TRUE LUXURY
Luxury is all about enjoying something you had never thought you could. It could be an exquisite watch, a yacht , staying in an exotic hotel or taking a trip; it is all about doing something you've always wanted to do. For me, however, luxury is about having time. I'd like a few more hours to spend with my family, and probably go on vacation. You can't enjoy your possessions unless you have time. However, if you ask me to name my most luxurious material possession, I would say it's my airplane
TIMEPIECE LOGIC
We make watches that are modern and capable of being paired with various kinds of looks. You can pick our watches depending on what you plan to wear. And just like our clothes, our watches are luxurious but competitive in pricing. I believe an oversized face is very important for your watch. For instance, my 10th Anniversary Limited Edition, being a chrono, is thick in size. The watch takes inspiration from the air force, and its complicated dial is truly eye-catching. It also has a crocband, besides an engraving on the back that has my message for this beautiful country: "Tommy Hilfiger loves India".
THE INDIA CONNECT
India and I go back a long way. My first ever designs came out of here, and I have been making trips to this land for as many as 35 years now. I love the people here, the food, the smells, the fabric and the colour. When I first launched my brand in this country, Indians weren't too familiar with designer brands. Today, the same people have embraced my work and helped it grow exponentially. Sonam Kapoor is one celebrity whose dressing sense I've admired. She always carries herself with such elegance, it's a treat to the beholder. Most of the stars in Bollywood have also upped their style quotient.
GOING BACK IN TIME
Looking back, there is a lot I remember about India. When I first came to New Delhi, I wanted to be a designer but had no clue about designing. I met a person with his own factory, the Ahujaowned Shahi, and told him about my ideas. He made me draw my sketches on paper, and got a pattern maker to make a sample of it right there. A month later, I flew back to New York and got more orders. I did this for a long time. The Shahi factory, which once had a dirt floor and just 10 tailors, today employs close to 90,000 workers. And they still are great friends
ADVANTAGE INDIA
The Indian fashion industry is moving, and moving very fast. Indian designers have a lot of things going for them. After all, the most beautiful fabrics are made here. Silks, embroidery, patterns... there's a lot for you to work with. What's more, Indian designers are making a big name for themselves globally. Just look at designers like Naeem Khan and Prabal Gurung. They are fantastic and have carved a niche for themselves.
GOING GLOCAL
Today's youngsters live on the Internet, and I must say it has blurred many a political border. As a brand, we have not differentiated between Indian buyers and others. Times are changing, and no brand is country-specific anymore. In this age of global brands and citizens, trends from across the world are welcome. Personally, I want to bring to Indian consumers exactly what I'm offering to others. Our consumers are, in a sense, the same no matter where they come from.

Gold  silver rebound from multi-yr low on global rallyGold, silver rebound from multi-year low on buying, global rally
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: November 15, 2014  | 17:58 IST
Photo: Reuters
Gold and silver prices staged a strong rebound from their multi-year lows on the local bullion hub on Saturday as stockists and speculators went on a buying spree ignited by a global commodity rally overnight.
The yellow metal reclaimed the key Rs 26,000 per 10gm mark by vaulting a whopping Rs 715, its second biggest one-day gain this year.
Silver spurted by a massive Rs 1,600 to reclaim the Rs 36,000 per kilo mark owing to hectic speculative buyout.
Jewellery traders and stockists, who were on the sidelines expecting further price correction, got into the buying mode, triggering a rally, a bullion trader said.
Further, fall in rupee against the dollar and robust buying by retail customers for the coming marriage season amid investment off-take also supported the uptrend in the precious metals, he added.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) jumped by Rs 715, or 2.78 per cent, to conclude at Rs 26,400 per 10 grams from Friday's closing level of Rs 25,685.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also zoomed by Rs 715, or 2.77 per cent, to end at Rs 26,550 per 10 grams compared to Rs 25,835 previously.
Silver (.999 fineness) skyrocketed by Rs 1,630, or 4.63 per cent, to finish at Rs 36,840 per kg compared to Rs 35,210 on Friday.
On the global front, gold for December delivery rallied nearly $25 to settle at $1,185.60 an ounce on the Comex division of NEMEX late Friday. Silver December contract also soared to settle at $16.31 an ounce.

Want Mayo on That Legal Fight Over Favorite CondimentWant mayo with that? Of course you do!
Ben Popken TODAY
Email
Oh yes, there's a "Big Mayo," and he's trying to squeeze the little guy.
Mayonnaise is the top selling condiment in America, as mentioned in story after story this week about Hellmann's lawsuit claiming false advertising and fraud by a vegan startup. Per FDA regulations, "mayonnaise" is supposed to contain eggs . "Just Mayo,” made by Hampton Creek and on sale at Wal-Mart, Whole Foods and Dollar Tree instead uses yellow peas. Its label features a white egg cracked by a pea shoot.
You can understand why Hellmann's would see red over its white stuff. There was nearly $2 billion in mayo sales in 2013, according to an analysis by Euromonitor, a market research group. 
Newscast / AP
Hellmann's says any condiment that calls itself mayonnaise has to have eggs in it.
What's less understandable is how mayo beats both ketchup and salsa (which is technically a “dip” not a condiment), neither of which broke a billion.
The numbers don’t lie. You love mayo.
This is despite the fact that many people totally hate mayo.
Mayo loathers accuse it of having a “slimy” texture, calling it “fatty” and “tasteless.” There are Facebook groups, T-shirts and websites dedicated to stopping mayo.
“The smell, the consistency, the fact that it came from raw eggs, well, it's stomach-turning,” said Craig Horwitz, founder of holdthatmayo.com.
But mayo lovers demur.
"Mayonnaise is a simple, yet elegant way to add tang, richness, and a creamy mouthfeel to almost any savory food," said Elizabeth Valleau, co-founder of Empire Mayo, a Brooklyn store dedicated solely to selling gourmet mayonnaise. 
Considering how divisive mayo is, it seems unlikely that it should become America’s No. 1 condiment. 
But it had to. Mayo is America's king of condiments because it tastes like America. It glues together disparate flavors and textures into a more pleasing and palatable homogeneity.
"The fattiness of mayonnaise makes it a tremendous flavor binder and enhancer," said Valleau. 
Maybe instead of "The Great Melting Pot" we should call ourselves "The Great Emulsification Bowl."
It's hard to imagine most sandwiches, or a church potluck or picnic,  without mayo. It's found in innumerable American recipes from potato salad, to tuna salad, to macaroni, slaw, deviled eggs and even in some baking.
Part of the reason that so many dishes contain mayonnaise is that starting in the late 20s and 30s Hellmann's was an absolute machine when it came to marketing recipe books that promoted the use of mayo.
Hellmann's was the company that brought mayo to the masses. In the 18th century, mayo was a foodstuff of elite Europeans. The mix of oil, vinegar and raw eggs, called an emulsion, had the tendency to separate back into its parts. Because of the eggs, it only lasted three to four days. Even by the turn of the 20th century it was still considered a labor-intensive and effervescent luxury.
Then Hellmann's "weaponized" mayo. Starting out of a small deli in New York, Hellmann's joined with other mayo makers in using a pasteurization process to turn it into a commercial product with a shelf life. Developing and adding industrial production, distribution and marketing, the company became a national business. 
But capitalist prowess alone didn't make mayo mighty. The thick white spread solved a problem. With mayo, you could take the trimmings from a 20-cent sliced chicken sandwich and turn what would have been waste into a chicken salad sandwich and sell it for 10 cents. It was bootstrapping on toast.
From lunch counters to Sunday potlucks, chefs learned to rely on their little jars with the blue ribbon on the front. It was quite handy. "You can use it to brighten up and add taste to something," said Richard Gutman, curator of the Culinary Arts Museum of Johnson and Wales University in Providence, R.I.
Culinary Arts Museum, Johnson and Wales University
A mayonnaise recipe booklet from 1933.
All the while, Hellmann's and other mayo makers kept stoking demand by inventing and promoting new recipes that they inserted into magazines, advertising and cookbooks. Colorful illustrations showed how you could take a few simple ingredients, add a cup of mayo and spices, and have a bite of the good life.
One historic booklet in Gutman's archives described 160 recipes for using it in combination with JELL-O. Another detailed a peanut butter and olive sandwich with mayo beaten into the peanut butter.
If not always delicious, mayo certainly spurred innovation.
Culinary historian Andrew Smith has studied historic menus from church luncheons and Sunday afternoon dinners. For over 150 years, potato salad has been on those menus.
"It's cheap. Potatoes cost nothing. Mayo costs nothing. Eggs and seasoning cost nothing," said Smith.
Add a teaspoon of chili sauce to mayonnaise and slather it on some asparagus, said Gutman, and mayo "makes you think you're putting on a fancier party."
Culinary Arts Museum, Johnson & Wales University
A mayonnaise mixer from 1908.
As mayo grew in popularity, national brands set the standard for flavor and ingredients and had the resources to comply with federal regulation. Before food and drug safety legislation gave the federal government the power to sue shady food manufacturers, unscrupulous mayo makers would put white paint into mayo to make it whiter, or plaster of Paris into milk to pass it off as mayo.
No one is suggesting any such shenanigans in the current lawsuit. But Hellmann's still finds itself asking the government to crack down on its upstart rival.
"We are a strong supporter of innovation both within and outside our company," Unilever, Hellmann's corporate parent, said in a statement. "Our concern here is not about innovation, it is about misleading labeling as it is not accurate to label the Hampton Creek product as 'Mayo' or to reinforce the link with images of ingredients, in this case eggs, that are not even used. In contrast, our Hellmann's brand is made from real eggs. We simply wish to protect both consumers from being misled and also our brand.”
In reply, just look at the Romans, said Josh Tetrick, CEO of Hampton Creek, makers of Just Mayo. It's only relatively recently in culinary history that the flavorful spread has required eggs. He said his team's research uncovered a 77 AD Roman recipe for a "garlicky aioli" that emulsified olive oil into a paste mixed with garlic.
Tetrick says its time we start rethinking the regulatory framework around mayonnaise and other foods.
"The standard of identity was written a number of decades ago," he said. "We do call our product 'mayo' for a reason. We do believe it keeps us on the right side of the standard of identity."
As a food business disrupter seeking to make healthier more flavorful foods that are cheaper and have lower environmental impact, his company went after mayo precisely because it was the No. 1 selling condiment in the country and ripe for a revamp.
"The reason why it's so American is it goes on top of and inside so many American things," said Tetrick. "It's Fourth of July and it's on a hamburger. It's on a BLT. It's on your grandma's chicken egg salad. It's on her chicken salad. Tuna salad. It's on Thanksgiving leftovers. When you have these iconic American things, mayo is there."
Email Ben Popken at ben.popken@nbcuni.com or tweet @bpopken .
Tags:

Investor Carl Icahn Raises Stake in EbayYou are here: Home Corporates
Carl Icahn Ups Stake in Ebay, Sells More Netflix Shares
Reuters | Updated On: November 15, 2014 13:49 (IST)
Jet Airways Shelves Plan to Transfer ATR Turboprop Fleet to Subsidiary: Report
New York: Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn increased his stake in e-commerce company Ebay while booking more profits from his stake in Netflix in the third quarter, a regulatory filing showed on Friday.
Mr Icahn increased his stake in Ebay by 15 million shares to a total of 45.8 million shares as of the end of September, up from 31 million at the end of June. He cut his stake in Netflix, the streaming video company, by 353,000 shares to 1.4 million shares, a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) showed.
His Ebay stake, which represents about 3.7 per cent of the company's outstanding shares, would be worth about $2.5 billion as of Friday's closing stock price of $54.36.
EBay agreed in late September to spin off its PayPal business next year. EBay chief executive John Donahoe had resisted Mr Icahn's calls for a PayPal split earlier this year and led a months-long campaign to convince investors that the company should remain intact.
Mr Icahn's cut to his Netflix stake proved prescient. The company's shares plunged 25 per cent to $333.53 in after-hours trading on October 15 after Netflix reported fewer video streaming subscribers than forecast in the third quarter.
Mr Icahn, who reported a 10 per cent stake in Netflix in October 2012, has periodically cashed in on that winning bet, in which his firm acquired Netflix shares for an average price of $58. He sold 3 million shares in October 2013 to book between $700 million and $800 million in profits.
Netflix shares closed up 1.7 per cent at $386.04 on Friday.
Mr Icahn, who reported a 6.6 per cent stake in media company Gannetton August 14 and an 8.48 per cent stake in Hertz Global Holdings on September 9, kept those stakes unchanged through the end of September.
His stakes in Apple and Herbalife were unchanged from the previous quarter. Mr Icahn is Herbalife's top shareholder with an 18.52 per cent stake.
Mr Icahn, who takes large stakes in companies and pushes for management change, was not immediately available for comment.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Is it right time to invest money for long termStory
Income Stream
LIC's annuity plan is offering a return of 9.3%. Is it the right time to lock your funds for the long term?
Teena Jain Kaushal      Follow @MoneyTeena    Edition: November 2014
Picture for representation purpose only. (Source: Reuters)
Senior citizens need regular income as a replacement for salary. Still, most people who get a lump sum at retirement don't want to put a lot of money in annuity plans. While some fear they may not be left with enough money for emergencies, most worry about low pension rates that don't beat inflation during most periods.
Keeping this in mind, the government has revived an old scheme, Varishtha Pension Bima Yojana (VPBY), offering lifelong pension at 9.3% per annum. The scheme is open for one year from August 15 this year. It is a single-premium pension plan for senior citizens who are 60 years and above. Pension payments start immediately, though the lock-in period is 15 years. However, as senior citizens may need funds any time for medical or other emergencies, the scheme allows withdrawal before 15 years by paying an exit load of 2% on the amount. Partial withdrawals are not allowed but you can take a loan against the policy after three years.
So, does it make sense to lock money for life at 9.3%? Yes, say experts, as interest rates are likely to fall in the near future and 9.3% will be a very good return for a fixed-income instrument such as VPBY. Moreover, by allowing investment only up to Rs 6.39 lakh, VPBY ensures that you do not invest all your money in a single instrument. One can combine it with the senior citizen savings scheme and monthly income plans offered by mutual funds for getting regular income. There is no cap on investment in annuity plans of private companies.
Click here to Enlarge
Rahul Goswami, CIO, fixed income, ICICI Prudential AMC, says, "We believe that with falling inflation , structural positive liquidity, stable currency, lower current account deficit and improving government finances, interest rates will be much lower from their current levels over the next two years. Therefore, we recommend people to invest in duration funds for the long term."
VPBY gives the option of receiving pension monthly, quarterly, half-yearly or annually. The maximum and minimum amounts that can be invested are decided according to the duration of payments. For instance, you will have to invest upto Rs 6.66 lakh if you want monthly pension. This will give you Rs 5,000 every month. For annual pension, the maximum investment is Rs 6.39 lakh, which will give you Rs 60,000 every year. LIC, which is running the scheme, had sold more than 10,000 policies by the end of September. The scheme was first introduced by the previous NDA government. Then, LIC had sold 3.16 lakh policies amounting to Rs 6,095 crore.
Mayank Bathwal, deputy chief executive officer, Birla Sun Life Insurance, says, "India has a huge middleaged population that is likely to live longer. Therefore, there is need for products that guarantee income after retirement. In the absence of social security, annuity products help customers earn guaranteed income." So, as more and more people start to buy deferred annuity plans (where you accumulate a pension fund during working life), experts say a large number of people will opt for immediate annuity plans such as VPBY too.
Rituraj Bhattacharya, head, product development, Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance, says, "The new pension product guidelines have made it mandatory for companies to bridge the gap between deferred and immediate annuity plans wherein the insured will have to compulsorily buy immediate annuity from the same insurer on attaining the vesting age." Let's compare VPBY and annuity plans offered by private players.
Click here to Enlarge
PENSION RATE
An immediate annuity plan is a single-premium plan. The premium collected is invested in the available bonds. Insurers are usually conservative while deciding the rates because of the long-term nature of these plans. There have been instances of foreign insurers becoming bankrupt because of annuity plans. That's why private insurers do not offer more than 6-7% return (See Comparison of Annuity Plans). LIC is offering more as the scheme is sponsored by the government. Niraj Shah, senior vice president and head, products, ICICI Prudential Life Insurance, says, "Due to limited availability of long-term debt instruments to match the annuity payout liability, the asset liability mismatch exposes insurance companies to significant interest rate risk. With increasing longevity, reinvestment risk increases further, thereby making it more challenging to price annuities." There are other factors as well. Sunil Sharma, chief actuary, Kotak Mahindra Old Mutual Life Insurance, says, "The annuity rate depends upon the age of the person. The longer he isexpected to live, the higher will be the cost of the payment. Therefore, an older person will get more than the younger person."
TYPE OF ANNUITY
Annuities protect a customer from the risk of outliving retirement savings. There are few financial instruments that offer guaranteed income as long as the person is alive.
While VPBY offers only one option-annuity for life with return of premium on death-private players offer various options ranging from annuity payable for one's chosen term of 5/10/15/20 years, annuity payable for life at an increasing rate, and joint life, where annuity is first paid to the primary investor and after his/her death to the spouse.
You must choose the right type depending upon your needs. For instance, annuities that provide a return of capital at death are often used for estate planning. Bathwal of Birla Sun Life says, "The most popular is annuity with return of the purchase price as it offers a comparatively higher annuity rate and secures the investment for the nominee in case of the person's death."
AGE LIMIT
While the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority has not prescribed any age limit, private insurers typically offer plans for those in the age bracket of 30-90 years. VPBY, however, is only for senior citizens (60 and above).
Bajaj Allianz Pension Guarantee, the immediate annuity plan offered by Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance, has 37 as the minimum entry age. Similarly, Birla Sun Life Insurance offers annuity plans for 30- to 90-year-olds.
Aalok Bhan, director, productsolutions management, Max Life, says, "There is no age limit for buying an annuity plan. However, like all products, immediate annuity plans serve a particular need."
COMMISSION ON VPBY
Agents earn very little commission in LIC's Varistha Pension Bima Yojana (VPBY) compared with other insurance plans. While VPBY pays around 9 paisa as commission to agents for every Rs 100 invested, traditional and unit linked plans pay up to 15-30%. On the purchase price of Rs 6.39 lakh (maximum amount that one can invest under VPBY), an agent earns just Rs 575. So, your agent might not approach you for selling VPBY. It is better to ask yourself if you want to buy the policy.
'In the absence of social security, annuity products help customers earn guaranteed income', says Mayank Bathwal Deputy Chief Executive Officer, Birla Sun Life Insurance
Click here to Enlarge
INSURANCE
Immediate annuity plans cater to retired people who want guaranteed income. A life insurance plan may not be useful for those in this age group. Sharma of Kotak says, "Insurance can be bought with annuity. It may vary from product to product. However, one should keep in mind that the cost of insurance is very high in old age. It's difficult to justify any need for insurance after retirement." Bhan of Max says, "At present, annuities in India do not offer insurance. But there can be annuities which cover some critical illnesses or other insurable events. These require a developed market. India will get there eventually."
SURRENDER/WITHDRAWAL
Private players generally do not give loans against annuity plans or allow premature surrender. VPBY, however, allows you to surrender the policy after 15 years. You can even surrender before 15 years if you need money for treatment of critical illnesses of self or spouse by paying a 2% surrender fee. A loan, of not more than 75% premium, is also offered after completion of three policy years.
TAXABILITY
Pension is taxable. Senior citizens need to pay tax if their income exceeds Rs 3 lakh. For people above 80 years the limit is Rs 5 lakh. For those who want regular income after retirement, annuity plans may provide a solution. The secret is to pick the best plan.

PM Modi Makes Strong Pitch for Operationalisation of BRICS BankYou are here: Home Economy
PM Modi Makes Strong Pitch for Early Operationalisation of BRICS Bank
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 15, 2014 19:38 (IST)
India Surprised This Year, May Do So Again in 2015: Citigroup
Brisbane: Making a strong pitch for speeding up the creation of a BRICS development bank, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said India hopes to ratify the agreement over the financial institution by the end of the year and that 2016 should be set as the target for its inauguration.
"The historic 6th BRICS Summit in Fortaleza delivered - the New Development Bank and the Contingent Reserve Arrangement. These signal our collective capacities to create and manage global institutions," Mr Modi said at an informal meeting of leaders of the five-nation BRICS bloc here.
"We propose that we should set the target of 2016 for inauguration of this bank. We hope to ratify the agreement by the end of the year. We would soon nominate our candidate for the post of the Presidency," Mr Modi said, making a strong pitch for early operationalisation of the bank.
India will hold the presidency of the $100-billion (Rs 6.1 lakh crore at 1 dollar = 61 rupees) New Development Bank for the first six years. The bank will be based in China's financial hub, Shanghai.
India's presidency will be followed by Brazil and Russia who will have five years term each under an agreement reached after intense negotiations among the five country-grouping BRICS - Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa.
The decision to set up the bank and a $100-billion Currency Reserve Arrangement (CRA), which will help countries to deal with short-term liquidity pressures, was made at the 6th BRICS Summit held in the Brazilian city of Fortaleza in July.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Chinese President Xi Jinping and South African President Jacob Zuma attended the informal meeting along with Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the sidelines of the G20 summit here.
PM Modi said that the bank and the CRA can be effective in promoting sustainable development and bridge infrastructure gaps.
"These measures send a strong message to the rest of the world about the efficacy of BRICS," he said in his speech delivered in English.
"We can be more aligned to local conditions and requirements. We should focus on next generation infrastructure. We can promote new models of governance and financing, while maintaining the highest banking standards," Mr Modi said.
"We should also make it more participatory. We need to work towards their early implementation.” On the CRA, PM Modi said it is a "very timely" initiative.
He said the work on the re-insurance pool among BRICS is also a welcome one.
"We hope that our officials will be able to come up with a concrete proposal by the next year," Mr Modi added.
Story first published on: November 15, 2014 19:22 (IST)

Thinking of Taking a Personal Loan Read This FirstRBI Doubles Pre-Paid Card Limit to Rs 1 Lakh
There are times in life when you need extra cash to meet an immediate goal. In such a case when you have considered all other options such as taking help from friends or relatives and have not found a way out, dipping into your savings pool may not be a good idea at all.
Under such circumstances, many of us consider taking a personal loan. However, despite telemarketers chasing you almost daily offering personal loan schemes, getting a personal loan isn't child's play.
Just like any other type of loan, here also your loan eligibility will depend upon your Cibil score. A personal loan - as the term suggests - can be taken to meet a number of personal financial goals. Personal financial goals can be anything from a medical procedure, home improvement, own wedding or a sibling's to urgent purchases relating to a small business. Sometimes people also opt for personal loans to refinance or consolidate a debt demanding a higher rate of interest.
But have you ever really thought as to which situations can be best handled with a personal loan? Let's consider some instances and analyse how one can use this powerful instrument effectively:
Refinancing or consolidating debt
It may theoretically seem easier to pay off credit card bills with a personal loan, but one should always remember that by doing so, you are only moving your debt pile from one place to another.
You should, therefore, consider taking a personal loan only if by doing so you would be lowering the annual rate of interest you are paying.
For instance, the rate of interest on a personal loan can vary from 13.99 per cent to 23 per cent depending upon the lender you pick and your Cibil score. This is considerably lower than an annualised rate of interest of 35 per cent in case of credit card if you have managed to get yourself in the minimum amount payment cycle and are not making repayments towards your principal amount.
You may also consider taking a personal loan if you have an outstanding amount on more than one credit card and wish to consolidate all payments. It is much easier to concentrate on one loan payment rather than managing several repayments causing sleepless nights.
Home improvement projects
You may think of taking a personal loan to make substantial changes to your home, but instead of taking a personal loan, you may consider taking a loan from a bank. Most lenders have a home improvement loan product or a renovation loan under which they finance 80-85 per cent of the total cost of renovation being undertaken. The lending rates for such loans up to an amount of Rs 30 lakh range between 10.5 to 11 per cent while loans above Rs 30 lakh are available at an interest rate ranging between 10.75 per cent and 11.50 per cent.
Medical expenses/business purchases
If you need money urgently for a medical procedure for yourself or someone in the family you are better off depending on your medical insurance. These days most hospitals offer cashless facility, so coughing up a lot of money on an immediate basis is no longer necessary.
You should, however, not neglect this aspect and take adequate medical insurance cover well in advance. As for a business purchase, it is a judgment call that you need to make, but do consider taking a business loan from a bank prior to opting for a personal loan. There are several loans available for SMEs today that may offer you better financing and repayment options.
Weddings and vacations
There is no doubt about the fact that a wedding or a vacation can be cause a huge financial burden. While it is true that you will pay a lesser amount of interest as compared to a credit card, it is better to save up for such expenses well in advance rather than pay for them with a personal loan which is an unsecured debt at the end of the day.
CONCLUSION
Personal loans are definitely a lucrative option and relatively easy to procure these days, but it only makes sense to take one in case of an unavoidable and immediate need for money. The other instance when you can consider taking such a loan is when there is an opportunity to save money on interest rates.
Otherwise, if it is that designer outfit, a diamond ring for your wife or a fancy trip with your family that you want desperately, it's better to save up for it rather than pay interest on the purchase.
Disclaimer: All information in this article has been provided by Creditvidya.com and NDTV Profit is not responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the same.
Story first published on: November 16, 2014 12:44 (IST)

Six Ways To Ensure Your Pets Fly SafelyEmail
While the disappearance of Ty, the 6-year-old pit bull that went missing Oct. 31 on a Delta flight , continues to raise questions, Susan Smith offers a judicious answer to other travelers who wonder if it’s safe to fly with their own furry friends.
“There are a lot of pets that get shipped and one would hope there wouldn’t be even one incident,” said Smith, president of PetTravel.com . “But it’s unfortunate that there’s always a risk for traveling pets.”
Video: A man wants answers after his dog went missing before boarding a Delta Airlines flight from Los Angeles International Airport to Tampa. The search for the pet has entered its second week.
And Ty is hardly the first pet to go missing in the nation’s air-travel system. Over the years, there have been several high-profile incidents, including Jack the Cat, who escaped when American Airlines baggage handlers dropped his crate at JFK in August 2011. Eventually found 61 days later, he was subsequently euthanized due to the effects of extreme malnutrition.
Most pet-travel mishaps, however, don’t make the evening news. Last year, the carriers required to report animal incidents to the Department of Transportation (DOT) reported 42 incidents, including 21 deaths, 15 injuries and six lost animals. Through September of this year, they’ve reported 39 incidents, including 15 deaths and 24 injuries.
So what’s a flying pet owner to do? Here are some precautions you can take to help ensure your furry friends arrive alive and uninjured.
Have appropriate documentation: Airlines typically require a current health certificate before allowing pets to fly. Affixing contact information to your pet’s carrier is also a good idea.
Invest in a high-quality crate: Pets are naturally stressed out when separated from their masters, says Smith, which may explain why so many DOT incident reports note bloody teeth and nails as animals tried to chew or claw their way free. Securing the crate’s door with cable ties is also a good idea.
Pet Travel Transport, LLC
A good travel crate can help keep your pet from being injured.
Know your airline’s pet policies: Although the Department of Agriculture sets regulations for the transportation of live animals, every airline has its own policies regarding crate requirements, in-cabin/cargo-hold considerations and restrictions regarding breeds, routes and temperatures.
Book early: Some carriers limit the number of pets that can be carried in the cabin; if Fifi is flying under your seat, don’t delay. Also look for non-stop flights (fewer opportunities for mishaps) and, if possible, travel at non-peak times to minimize stress and maximize available space.
Skip the sedatives: The American Veterinary Medical Association recommends that you do not sedate or tranquilize your pet before flying, as that can impede respiratory and cardiovascular function. Sedation can also affect balance during turbulence or rough handling, resulting in injury.
Be proactive: Although airlines do their best to ensure animal safety, Smith says owners should remain vigilant and involved, especially when their pet will be traveling in the cargo hold: “When you get on the plane, go up to the flight attendant and say, ‘I have a live animal on this flight and I want to make sure you monitor the temperature and pressure in the hold.’ You absolutely have that right.”
Finally, as of Jan. 1, new DOT rules will require more airlines to report more information, including not just specific incidents but also the total number of animals carried. And while enhanced reporting won’t automatically prevent future problems, it will provide insights that fliers can use to make more informed decisions.
“It’s great that consumers will have the opportunity to research the track records of the airlines, and it will encourage the airlines to continue to improve their pet programs,” said Smith. “Yes, there will still be incidents, but when the airlines know someone is looking over their shoulder, they’ll do the right thing.”
Tags:

Bill OReilly blames Jon Stewart fans for Democratic midterm lossesBy Erik Wemple November 15 Follow @ErikWemple
It’s high season for clashes between Comedy Central’s Jon Stewart and Fox News host Bill O’Reilly. Just weeks ago, O’Reilly appeared on Stewart’s “Daily Show” to promote his “Killing Patton” book -cum-argument about whether white privilege exists in the United States, of all asinine and obvious topics. And last night, Stewart appeared on “The O’Reilly Factor” to promote his new film “ Rosewater “-cum-argue about partisan politics in light of the Republican victories in the midterm elections.
After introducing Stewart as a “big-time liberal commentator,” O’Reilly pressed his cable sparring partner on why the Democrats got their “butts kicked” at the polls last week. Stewart, showing that he’s just another TV talking head when he doesn’t have his comments scripted by a team of brilliant writers, responded, “Because they curled up in a little ball and try to make sure that nobody hit them too. I have no idea what they even ran on,” said the comedian, summing up the Democrats’ stance on President Obama like this: “We don’t like Obama either. I don’t know who voted for him. We have got nothing to do with the guy.”
O’Reilly had a more entertaining explanation for the Nov. 4 Democratic implosion: “Because the callow youth that watches your program didn’t show up,” he said to Stewart, whose “Daily Show” draws a young audience over which cable news executives slobber.
Jealousy perhaps explains O’Reilly’s little poke at the “Daily Show” crowd. Check out this chart from a 2012 Pew Research Center study :
The 25-54-year-old age demographic is the pivotal figure for cable-news advertisers and therefore a point of grudging, chest-beating competition among cable hosts. One sure bet: O’Reilly’s slap at young viewers probably won’t much improve his own audience demographics.
When the conversation moved to “Rosewater,” Stewart’s screenwriting and directorial debut about an Iranian-Canadian journalist held captive in Iran, O’Reilly kept up the banter: “Well, it got good reviews from all the liberal papers. But what’s the main point?”
Stewart responded: “Twisted world view you live in.”
Actually, just more jealousy in all likelihood, from a fellow who complained that very few national media outlets even mentioned his “Killing Jesus” book . This critic of the liberal media craves liberal media approval.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

New video shows Ferguson officer after shootingBy Wesley Lowery November 15 Follow @WesleyLowery
This post has been updated.
Newly-released video of Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson taken in the hours after the Aug. 9 shooting of Michael Brown and audio recordings of police radio traffic secured and published this weekend by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch has provided new insight into the day of the shooting.
The St. Louis paper’s analysis of the police radio traffic suggests that the audio sheds light on Wilson’s interaction with Brown, while the video images — taken by surveillance cameras at Ferguson PD headquarters – led the Brown family attorneys to question reports of Wilson’s alleged injuries.
 
The first video , one of two taken by surveillance cameras at the Ferguson Police Department, shows Wilson leaving the building after the shooting  with several other men who the paper identifies as other officers and his attorney.
 
The other video shows Wilson and the men returning to the department headquarters. The St. Louis paper reports that Wilson left to go to the hospital and returned two hours later.
The videos — grainy and in black and white  – are the first confirmed images of Wilson from the night of the shooting. Almost no public images exist of Wilson, whose name was not released for almost a week after the shooting. The officer, who is on paid leave, had not been seen publicly since the day of the shooting.
Some of Wilson’s supporters have said he was seriously injured in the altercation with Brown. The video released this weekend shows Wilson moving normally but does not provide a close view of his face.
James P. Towey Jr., Wilson’s attorney, did not respond to a request for comment.
Attorneys representing Michael Brown’s family issued a statement Saturday in which they said the new video undermines claims from Wilson supporters that the officer was severely beaten by Brown.
Early on “information was leaked from within the police department that Wilson was severely beaten and suffered an orbital eye socket ‘blowout,’ indicating that Michael Brown somehow deserved to die,” said the statement from attorneys Benjamin L. Crump, Anthony D. Gray and Daryl D. Parks. “From the video released today it would appear the initial descriptions of his injuries were exaggerated”.
The account published by the Post-Dispatch also includes new details, compiled through an analysis of police radio traffic, about Wilson’s interactions with other officers immediately before and after the shooting.
According to the Post-Dispatch’s account, Wilson radioed at noon to ask if officers needed assistance in searching for the suspects of an alleged robbery that occurred at a nearby store.
Whether Wilson knew about the robbery of a box of cigars — which involved Brown and his friend Dorian Johnson — has been a major point of contention and confusion. Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson has given conflicting public statements.
Two minutes later Wilson again radioed and said “put me on Canfield with two and send me another car” which prompted two other police vehicles to head in his direction, the paper reported. It is unclear from the paper’s account if this call occurred before or after the shooting took place.
About 41 seconds later, according to the Post Dispatch, another officer radioed that he was arriving at the scene.
Officials with the Ferguson Police Department and St. Louis County Police Department — which is handling the investigation — did not respond to requests for comment on the Post-Dispatch’s report.
Crump, Gray and Parks also challenged the audio, saying it shows the “initial interaction with the officer and Brown had nothing to do with the incident at the convenience store. The remaining portions of the audiotape did not establish any connection with the convenience store incident.”
The video release and new details of the timeline of the incident comes as most in greater St. Louis anxiously await the grand jury decision on whether to indict Wilson with a crime for the shooting.
Groups of protesters have spent hours planning acts if civil disobedience to be carried out in the event that Wilson is not charged. Top state and police officials, meanwhile, are in the midst of a local media campaign meant to reassure the local public that they are ready to respond to any violence.
Meanwhile, one local television station reported on Friday night that Ferguson Police Chief Tom Jackson told them that Wilson will likely return to his post if he is not indicted.
On Saturday, however, MSNBC reported that Jackson said he had been misquoted and that “legally speaking” if Wilson is not indicted he can return to work. If he is indicted on felony charges, Jackson added, Wilson would be fired.
“But even if he is not indicted he will be subject to an internal investigation,” MSNBC quoted Jackson as saying. The chief then said such a probe may or may not lead to the officer being fired, according to the report.
Jackson had not responded to The Washington Post’s request for comment.
Many in the St. Louis area fear another wave of rioting could follow a grand jury's report if it decides not to charge the officer who shot and killed Michael Brown. (Reuters)
Wesley Lowery covers Capitol Hill for The Fix and Post Politics.

HealthCare.gov reopens for shoppingHealthCare.gov opened for business Saturday morning. (AP Photo)
The second act of HealthCare.gov, the enrollment Web site serving 30-plus states, is officially underway.
The Web site reopened for business sometime early Saturday morning, allowing people to buy 2015 health plans from the Affordable Care Act health insurance marketplaces.
The rebuilt site appeared to be running smoothly when I tested it around 8 a.m. I didn't encounter any wait screens, and I was able to create an account and start the application process immediately.
There are apparently some minor wait times at the federal call center early this morning, though. When I called at 8:25 a.m., I was told I'd have to wait 15 minutes to speak with a representative to start a new application. When I tried again at 12:30 p.m., I was connected instantly. The administration this morning wasn't able to provide figures on call center wait times.
A key difference this year is that about 7.1 million people who bought 2014 marketplace plans can return to HealthCare.gov to either renew their coverage or purchase a new plan. The Obama administration and consumer advocates have been urging last year's customers to review their options this year to see if they can get a better deal.
A Friday data dump of 2015 health insurance premiums from the Department of Health and Human Services shows relatively modest price increases on average for "bronze" and "silver" marketplace health plans, which were the most popular types purchased in 2014. For example, the average premium for a 50-year-old nonsmoker will increase just 4 percent to $381 for the cheapest silver plan in 2015, according an analysis from the consulting firm Avalere Health.
However, premiums will vary based on each person's circumstances. And health insurance experts warn that many returning customers who bought the lowest-cost health plans in 2014 will see their premiums rise if they don't switch into another plan in 2015. That's because health insurance subsidies, which about 85 percent of marketplace enrollees received last year, are pegged to a specific low-cost plan in each area, and cheaper options may be available this year.
HealthCare.gov also offers a reminder that the enrollment process will be different for returning customers in some states. After their states suffered Web site failures last year, residents of Nevada and Oregon will have to go through HealthCare.gov if they want to apply online. Idaho is also the only state launching its own enrollment site this year.
Maryland's exchange, which is using Connecticut's enrollment platform this year, is slowly relaunching its Web site. Maryland residents on Saturday morning started to sign up at an enrollment fair in Glen Burnie, and the state's new Web site opens to all users on Wednesday.
We'll be watching to see if the administration releases any numbers today about traffic to HealthCare.gov or the call center. The opening day of HealthCare.gov last year, by 4 p.m., attracted 2.8 million visitors to what was then a severely flawed Web site.
President Obama encouraged Americans to take advantage of open enrollment for the Affordable Care Act in his weekly address on Saturday. (Reuters)
This post was updated at 10:30 a.m., 11 a.m. and 12:30 p.m.
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.

U. of I. rejects  official beer  billboards near campusU. of I. rejects 'official beer' billboards near campus
U. of I. Coors Light
Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune
A Coors Light billboard officially tied to the University of Illinois can be seen on Chicago's North Side, but not in Champaign-Urbana anymore.
A Coors Light billboard officially tied to the University of Illinois can be seen on Chicago's North Side, but not in Champaign-Urbana anymore. (Jose M. Osorio, Chicago Tribune)
By Jodi S. Cohen and Melissa Harris, Chicago Tribune
Why Coors Light U. of I. billboards came down in Champaign-Urbana.
U. of I. officials say they were caught off-guard by Coors Light billboards in their backyard.
Only select fans can buy a beer at a University of Illinois football game, but according to billboards around the state, Coors Light is now the "Official Beer of the Fighting Illini."
The billboards went up in August, soon after the university reversed a ban on beer sponsorships, allowing them in exchange for at least "six figures" in additional revenue a year, according to officials with the university's Division of Intercollegiate Athletics.
But university officials were blindsided by the billboards. While they had approved the artwork to be used at places that sell alcohol — bars, restaurants and grocery stores, for example — they didn't realize it also would be displayed on billboards, including some near campus.
The signs feature a bottle of Coors Light and the Illinois "Block I" logo on a football, with the words "Official beer of the Fighting Illini."
Should the University of Illinois have an official beer? Open link
"We didn't know about them until they went up" in Champaign-Urbana, said Marty Kaufmann, the university's assistant director of athletics.
"It was not represented to us that it would be on billboards," Kaufmann said. "We did not specifically approve billboards. We appreciate that MillerCoors is showing us support, but it is not something we approved the concept of on billboards. The artwork was approved for something else."
The six billboards in the Champaign-Urbana area were taken down at the university's request, MillerCoors confirmed. They were up for about a month.
"When the university expressed concern over the billboards in Champaign, we immediately removed them," MillerCoors spokeswoman Cat Corrigan said. "Like the University of Illinois, we at Coors Light care deeply about alcohol responsibility, and do not want to give the impression that we are advertising to anyone except legal drinking-age sports fans."
8
The university has decided the billboards in other parts of the state can remain. The only one in the Chicago area can be found along North Damen Avenue between Fullerton and Diversey avenues, where MillerCoors says it is seeking to "drive relevance" with the alumni in the area.
"We had concerns about billboards that appeared in Champaign-Urbana, as they gave the impression they were geared to students," said university spokeswoman Robin Kaler. "We instructed the vendor not to allow any billboards related to alcohol to be posted in Champaign-Urbana. We understand that throughout the state, adult fans of our program sometimes enjoy adult beverages, so Athletics authorized billboards in Chicago and other cities."
The ad appears on another billboard in the Peoria area, according to university officials, although MillerCoors could not confirm that late Friday.
The university's partnership with MillerCoors is the latest effort to garner more sponsorship revenue.
About three years ago, the university outsourced its athletic sponsorship and multimedia rights to Learfield Sports, a division of Missouri-based Learfield Communications, which now sells and maintains the majority of the athletic department's corporate partnerships.
The company established "Fighting Illini Sports Properties" in Champaign to oversee Illini athletics opportunities, including signage, sponsorship, event marketing, radio production and more. Learfield serves as the sports marketing arm for nearly 100 collegiate "properties," including the Big Ten.
U. of I.'s 10-year deal with Learfield includes a guaranteed total of at least seven figures annually for Illinois' athletic department, officials said. With the beer sponsorship, the deal is worth even more.
Hey, where's the Northwestern beer billboard???
gtmarcyk
6
At the time the deal was signed, U. of I. said it expected to see an additional $2 million annually in sponsorship and multimedia rights activities. Revenue figures on a copy of the Learfield-Illinois athletics contract obtained by the Tribune were redacted.
Initially, beer sponsorships were off-limits.
But last year, as other Big Ten universities began adding lucrative beer deals, Illinois decided to sidle up.
"We allowed (Learfield) to pitch to beer companies the ability to advertise on the radio network, on our coaches' television shows ... and use our approved athletics logos on point-of-purchase sales, promotional items and advertising," Kaufmann said.
MillerCoors won the bidding process and signed a four-year agreement with Learfield that began July 1. Learfield declined to answer a question about whether there had been a miscommunication about the billboard campaign.
According to the deal with MillerCoors, the university has the right to approve or refuse all marketing materials.
School officials said an added benefit of the partnership is the ability to better track the use of its logo and trademarks, since alcohol companies had been using them in unauthorized ways.
"At least what is out there now is approved and accurate from our brand standpoints," Kaufmann said.
But David Jernigan, director of the Center on Alcohol Marketing and Youth at Johns Hopkins University's Bloomberg School of Public Health, has concerns about the marketing.
"First, let's talk about billboards; they're the only form of advertising you can't turn off or turn the page to avoid seeing," Jernigan said. "In terms of young people's exposure, billboards pose a particular risk.
"Now let's talk about college drinking each year: 1,825 deaths; 690,000 assaults; 97,000 victims of alcohol-related sexual assault or date rape. It's a major risk factor in college life."
Such billboards have aroused controversy on campuses for years.
Earlier this year, the University of Connecticut ordered the removal of four billboards, two of which were electronic, featuring UConn's Husky mascot, a towering Coors beer bottle and the slogan, "Huskies Love the Cold" after an outcry from a high-ranking state legislator, according to the Hartford Courant.
Those ads were brokered by a division of IMG Worldwide. The entire marketing agreement between IMG and UConn would reap the university about $8 million in fees this year, according to UConn athletics department spokesman Mike Enright.
Jernigan recommended U. of I. follow UConn's lead.
"What UConn said to Coors is a nice model for the country," Jernigan said. "They said, 'These two don't mix. We don't want them to mix. It sends the wrong message.'"
MillerCoors provides a $20,000 annual grant to Illinois to promote responsible alcohol education, according to the school.
Illinois says it was going along with its peers when it approved a beer sponsorship. Kaufmann cited a half-dozen Big Ten universities that he said have partnerships. He said the campus administration, including Chancellor Phyllis Wise, consented.
"We would by no means be the first doing this, but we didn't want to be left out," Kaufmann said. "The landscape has changed a lot in the last three years."
Illinois sells beer to football fans in the stadium's suites and club areas. Both MillerCoors and Anheuser-Busch products are available.

How entrepreneurs can deal with impostor syndromeHow entrepreneurs can deal with impostor syndrome
Impostor syndrome
Do you feel like a fraud? If so, you are not alone.
Do you feel like a fraud? If so, you are not alone. (iStock/ Getty Images)
By Vanessa Van Edwards, Young Entrepreneur Council, Tribune Content Agency
If you hear yourself say, 'I don't deserve this'...note that you are having impostor syndrome thoughts.
Your success is your own; don't let imposter syndrome make you feel like a fraud.
Do you feel like a fraud? If so, you are not alone.
Impostor syndrome  is an interesting psychological phenomenon where people feel like they don't deserve their accomplishments. Internally they feel like a fraud, or they worry that one day someone will find out that they are not good enough.
8
Entrepreneurs are one of the largest groups to wrestle with feelings of worth, achievement and self-esteem. No matter how successful entrepreneurs are on the outside or how much external evidence there is of their skills or competence, they often feel as though they don't fit in with their peers. Entrepreneurs who struggle with impostor syndrome are convinced that they don't deserve the success they have achieved.
0
Studies have found that 70 percent of all people feel like impostors at one time or another. But even though it's very prevalent, it's rarely discussed. When we don't discuss this issue out in the open people feel incredibly alone. Many successful people have come out and admitted to having bouts of impostor syndrome, including Sheryl Sandberg, Meryl Streep, Tina Fey and Denzel Washington.
More importantly, when we don't feel we deserve our success it contributes to greater feelings of depression, inadequacy, difficulty in relationships and low self-esteem.
Eliminating your impostor syndrome
1. Recognize impostor syndrome signs
Look at the following statements and answer yes or no:
Do you ever feel that you don't deserve your achievements?
Do you ever worry that people will find out you are secretly not worthy?
After a success, have you dismissed it as luck or timing?
Do you think you have tricked others into thinking you are more successful than you actually are?
Do you think others over-value your success?
If you said yes to more than two of these statements, you have likely experienced a form of impostor syndrome.
2. Understand that this is NOT a defect
Pauline R. Clance and Suzanne A. Imes coined the term “imposter syndrome” after observing many high-achieving women who tended to believe they were not competent and that they were instead over evaluated by others. What's important to note is that this is not a personality trait; rather, it is a reaction to certain situations. Because of that it can be controlled and addressed.
3. Name it and tame it
The good news is that just recognizing you are feeling certain thoughts can help you stop them. So you need to get in the habit of hearing your own self-doubts. If you hear yourself say, “I don't deserve this,” or “It was just luck,” pause and note that you are having impostor syndrome thoughts.
4. Keep reminders of success handy
Sometimes we forget that we are worth it. If you know you have imposter syndrome tendencies, start to gather success reminders. These can be emails from colleagues or friends and family. They can be letters you have received. They can be pictures of times you felt proud. It can even be calling a friend who is a great cheerleader.
5. Keep a gratitude journal
Nothing grounds you more than writing down what you are grateful for. Writing therapy has proven to be a great remedy for imposter syndrome. When you are feeling those self-doubts, you can pull out a journal and write down five things you are grateful for. You can also write about your proudest moment. This gets good juices flowing.
As entrepreneurs, we face daily challenges to our self-confidence. They can make it an uphill battle to achievement. So while climbing to the top, be sure to recognize your value and never lose sight of your inner worth.

The religious inclinations concurrence: an explanation from Judge Bauer himselfBy Will Baude November 15
Last week I posted about a Seventh Circuit opinion resolving a dispute between a Chabad rabbi and Northwestern University. I also asked about a brief concurring opinion by Judge Bauer which observed that the result in the case “meets my legal and religious inclinations.”
The ABA Journal has an interview with Judge Bauer, providing an explanation:
For his part, Baude said he can’t figure out why religious inclinations ought to decide whether Bauer joins Posner’s opinion in full.
Bauer explains his concurrence in an interview with the ABA Journal. “I was being tongue in cheek,” Bauer told the ABA Journal, “and let me tell you why. As I pointed out at the beginning of the [concurrence], the citations are to things outside the record. …
“Once you’ve arrived at the opinion based on the record, I think that’s where you ought to quit.”
Bauer added that his religious inclination “is that you should serve liquor at religious events” and notes his comments in oral arguments, where he asked about the university’s treatment of Irish organizations and about Illinois laws on underage alcohol use. “Use of liquor is that important to me–I come from an Irish background,” Bauer said during the arguments.
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

Can Whole Foods survive in the inner cityWhy Whole Foods is moving into one of the poorest neighborhoods in Chicago
The company parodied as 'Whole Paycheck' tests its own business model.
By Emily Badger November 14 Follow @emilymbadger
This long-abandoned lot in the Englewood neighborhood of Chicago was once home to a bustling business district. Now Whole Foods is planning to build a store here. (Photo by Warren Skalski for the Washington Post)
CHICAGO—The center of Englewood has been vacant for so long that many people in the neighborhood can’t quite recall when it became that way. Thirty years ago? Forty? It was after blockbusting began on the South Side, after white flight was well underway, after the big Sears Roebuck, with the Hillman’s Pure Foods in the basement, closed in the 1970s.
Sometime around then, the small businesses at 63rd and Halsted closed, too, and the buildings that housed them were razed. And so one of the busiest shopping corridors in Chicago was reduced to a desolate stretch of city: 13 acres of crabgrass and concrete with aging streetlights.
Glen Fulton opens a window on the fourth floor of the bank building on 63rd to look out at all this blank space. “What I experienced as a child,” he says, “I want to experience again.” He imagines a shopping hub that would bring back jobs and retail dollars and basic goods that are now hard to find here. Maybe a Corner Bakery, a Gap, a Famous Dave’s barbecue chain. And in the middle of it, an anchor that would serve the function Sears once did: an 18,000-square-foot Whole Foods.
The grocer, which has built its fortunes and reputation anchoring condo developments in wealthy enclaves, has never gone into a neighborhood like this. But last year, to the disbelief of many, the company announced plans to open a store in 2016 here, in one of Chicago’s most economically depressed neighborhoods.
When the city held a ceremonial groundbreaking a few months ago, Walter Robb, Whole Foods’ co-chief executive, showed up in Englewood and vowed that it would be “one of the most meaningful things we’ve done as a company.”
This store, though, is no act of philanthropy. Nor is it a bet, by Whole Foods, on neighborhood change. The arrival of its gleaming stores in a neighborhood often signals the influx of wealthier residents. But that is not likely to happen in Englewood, at least not any time soon. Whole Foods is planning to sell olive oil and snap peas to the people who live here now. It is also planning, in the process, to make money.
That proposition entails unusually high stakes for a supermarket. Whole Foods is gambling that it can tailor its high-priced brand to a low-income market. It’s gambling that it can create customers out of people who out of necessity have long shopped at corner stores and Save-A-Lot. It’s gambling that it may even change what some of them eat.
Residents like Fulton, who grew up in Englewood and now heads its community development corporation, are hoping that more food options will mean healthier residents. And they’re hoping that Whole Foods will attract other retailers in a way that a Giant or a Jewel might not, spurring a business revival here.
There's more food available in the neighborhood at corner stores than at supermarkets. (Photo by Warren Skalski for the Washington Post)
What the area could be
“You see that big house?” Fulton says, driving past a boarded-up single-family home a few blocks from the Whole Foods site. “A family should be in that house.”
Then he passes another building, a once-handsome but now-hollowed-out brick apartment where the sky is visible through the windows. A sign with an X has been hammered over the door, a cue from the fire department that the building is no longer safe to enter.
“That could be senior housing,” Fulton says.
His family moved here in the late 1950s, buying a beautiful 1882 Victorian home that still has its original stained glass, and Fulton, 55, still lives here. Around that time, real estate speculators were prodding white families on the South Side to move out quickly and for little money. They then inflated housing prices for incoming black families, a historic practice that shaped patterns of segregation in the city that still linger.
Fulton has old black-and-white photos he likes to show of the neighborhood before the city put in an expressway that sheared off one side of Englewood, before this cycle of flight and disinvestment. One shows that corner of 63rd and Halsted. The Sears Roebuck towers over a bustling street. The sidewalks are lined with small business storefronts: Grossman’s Shoes, Whelan Drugs, Wormser Hats.
At the time, in the 1930s, Englewood was 99 percent white. Today, it is 99 percent black. Once, 160,000 people lived here; now, 60,000 do. A third of the households live below the poverty line, and a quarter of adults are unemployed. Crime rates are among the highest in the city.
The neighborhood, though, has well-kept homes — like Fulton’s — that could be considered mansions. They’re tucked among vacant lots and empty buildings, many of them victims of the foreclosure crisis and bearing those Xs. One-third of the lots and homes here are vacant.
When Whole Foods selected the site, with the city’s help, it chose an unlikely neighborhood but a strategic location. It’s across the street from a community college culinary school, which opened here in 2007. There’s an elevated train stop at the corner, too, and a straight shot down 63rd onto the expressway that could bring other South Side shoppers to the store. The lot, where the city is spending $10 million to prepare all 13 acres for development, is large enough for several retailers and maybe some apartments or a park.
The neighborhood was targeted by the city as a “food desert,” although corner stores are common and discount-grocer Aldi’s is just down the street. Supporters of the project look at those alternatives and say Englewood doesn’t have the options most neighborhoods do — and that the options it does have box people into unhealthy eating. Skeptics look at the stores here and question whether Whole Foods can survive alongside them.
“The fact is that Whole Foods sells eggs at $2.99 a dozen, and they can go a block away to Aldi’s and buy them at 89 cents. That’s going to be an issue,” says Toni Foulkes, an alderman who worked for many years for the grocery chain Jewel and who questions whether Whole Foods will really be accessible to residents. “Can they afford to spend $5 for a loaf of bread? Or can they afford to get four loaves for $5 when you have five kids at home?”
After the groundbreaking over the summer, the Chicago Tribune called the Whole Foods a “socioeconomic experiment,” a phrase that made Mayor Rahm Emanuel and another local alderman, JoAnn Thompson, bristle .
“This is not an experiment. African American people are not an experiment,” Thompson says. “People need to stop thinking like that, that we cannot afford the things that people in other communities have.”
1 of 15
Whole Foods seeks to quench ‘food desert’ thirst
View Photos
The high-end grocer is building a store on Chicago’s South Side and partnering with a local farm.
Caption
The high-end grocer is building a store on Chicago’s South Side and partnering with a local farm.
Oct. 22, 2014 Whole Foods is building a store in the Englewood neighborhood on Chicago’s South Side, at 63rd and Halsted streets. The low-income area has been labeled a "food desert.” Warren Skalski/For The Washington Post
Wait 1 second to continue.
Looking beyond numbers
In summer 2013, Whole Foods opened a store in Detroit that also raised eyebrows . The Midtown location, though, had more customers at the ready: Pricey new condos are rising around it. Wayne State University and its medical center are nearby. The Detroit Symphony Orchestra is a block away.
As an inner-city outlier for the company, even the Detroit store does not quite approximate Englewood. But it was the first test of a larger plan for the company, within which Englewood represents the next move. Whole Foods has 402 stores. But it’s aiming for 1,200, an impossible number if the company targets only the high-income markets it’s already entered. Whole Foods also can’t get to 1,200 stores by only talking about the quality of food without addressing the price of it.
“Five or six years ago, we were starting to think internally about how we get to places like Detroit,” says Michael Bashaw, Whole Foods’ regional president for the Midwest. Its first store there, as with the one in Englewood, was an act of business faith, one where the company’s own market research looked grim. “Analyzing those numbers,” Bashaw says, “Detroit doesn’t make any sense, and should never have been approved.”
That doesn’t mean that Midtown Detroit couldn’t work — or that Englewood can’t. It means that none of what Whole Foods had learned about where it had been successful could predict if it would work in these places, too.
The company didn’t exactly receive a hero’s welcome in Detroit. Bashaw describes the first community meetings there as “difficult.”
“The common assumption is that Whole Foods is a store for rich, white people,” he says. “I think the community had a feeling that what retailers brought to Detroit was not their A game, but their D game, that the stores were not as nice, not as clean, not as well staffed, that the customer service was poor — that this was a disrespect to the community by giving them the leftovers.”
In those initial meetings, Whole Foods suggested that it emphasize its more affordable in-house 365 brand. Community members balked. If they were going to get Whole Foods, they didn’t want Whole Foods Lite. When the store opened, it didn’t carry porterhouse steaks. Then customers kept asking for them, and Whole Foods realized that it needed to rethink its butcher shop strategy. The store has had to adjust its expectations of its new consumers as much as skeptical shoppers may be adjusting what they thought of Whole Foods.
“The reputation as ‘Whole Paycheck’ is just something we have to continue to battle,” says Larry Austin, who manages the Detroit store. “Sometimes, people will come in the store and see that we have a 60-year-old aged vinegar, or olive oil that may be a little more expensive, and people will say, ‘You’ve got a $30 olive oil!’ But then, we’ve got 365 olive oil, and it sells for $7.99 for a liter.”
Whole Foods does, however, charge less for some products at its Detroit store than it does at Whole Foods in suburban Michigan. If avocados sell two for $4 in the West Bloomfield store, they may be two for $3 in Detroit. A pound of strawberries, in season, may be a dollar cheaper. The company has tried to set its price points relative to other supermarkets in the city, not relative to its own stores outside of it.
With that model, Bashaw says the Detroit store reached its 10-year sales goal in its first 14 months. In that time, it also had the highest food stamp use of any store in the region.
Detroit illustrates a tenuous balance the company must manage. If it doesn’t adapt its stores in communities looking for more value, the result will appear tone-deaf: $35 triple-crème brie for single moms in Englewood? Whole Foods could equally take flak, though, for selling Wagyu in the suburbs and chicken wings in the city.
“We will seek to price things to be more accessible,” Bashaw says. “But we only sell cage-free eggs. We’re not going to have 99-cents-a-dozen eggs.”
Shaniece Alexander walks through the Wood Street Urban Farm, which could become a Whole Foods supplier. (Photo by Warren Skalski for the Washington Post)
Growing here, selling there
The strange economics of food in Englewood are apparent on Wood Street, at an urban farm about a mile and a half from the Whole Foods site. Here, a nonprofit group called Growing Home churns out more than 30,000 pounds of produce a year, much of it on a once-abandoned industrial lot it bought from the city for a dollar.
The farm is in the middle of the neighborhood, bordered by a stretch of defunct railroad tracks and disputed gang territory. In the beds and hoop houses here, Growing Home is raising beets, cucumbers, greens and thousands upon thousands of tomatoes, all of it organic.
“People always ask if people steal the vegetables,” says Shaniece Alexander, the farm’s employment training manager, standing in front of a row of tomato plants wide open for the plucking. “No one steals vegetables.”
Only a small fraction of the produce is even sold in the community, at a farm stand on the property that draws a handful of regulars on Wednesday afternoons. Growing Home drives most of these vegetables to farmers markets on the city’s wealthier North Side, where it sells a bushel of carrots for twice what they cost at the farm stand.
“We’ve found that if you price it too low,” Alexander says, “people are wary of it.”
Growing Home reinvests all of its profit from the produce sales into the job-training program it runs on the farm, working primarily with residents in the neighborhood who have come out of the prison system. They learn how to plant, harvest, package and sell the produce as well as how to apply and interview for jobs in the food industry.
Growing Home sells its vegetables on the North Side because there are few places to sell it near here, but also because selling produce in Englewood wouldn’t generate as much money to support the program that trains people here to have jobs.
This is part of the food paradox of Englewood today: People don’t have much access to fresh produce, even though it’s grown in the neighborhood. What they do have access to is chips and soda, which are cost-effective to stock on corner-store shelves, or higher-cost perishables like milk that benefit from none of the economies of scale of a large supermarket.
As a result, snacks are cheap and many staples are not. People with less money wind up paying more for their food.
Whole Foods could, in theory, bridge the disconnect between Growing Home and its own neighborhood. Since announcing plans to come to Englewood, Whole Foods has donated money to the farm — $100,000 for a new hoop house that extends the growing season to 10 months — and helped install a walk-in cooler that extends the life of the produce once it’s picked. Both of these could help Growing Home become a Whole Foods supplier, as the company and the farm hope.
Near the Whole Foods site, the other odd food incentives in Englewood are on display. Walgreens is two blocks away and has several grocery aisles. It sells cut fruit in plastic containers alongside salad greens and a few baskets of apples and oranges. A display shelf for “smart buys,” though, features an 81/2-ounce bag of Uncle Ray’s sour cream-and-onion chips for a dollar. Walgreens sells just-add-water and microwaveable pasta sides, but no boxes of plain pasta. The food section has a sign to Walgreens’ valued customers that “this location accepts SNAP benefits.” It’s mounted in the chip aisle.
A block farther is the Aldi’s. Plastic-wrapped stacks of flour and boxed gallons of juice line the dimly lit aisles the same way they might in the behind-the-scenes storage of a more mainstream supermarket.
The milk is cheap — $2.09 for a gallon (it’s $3.69 at Walgreens). Customers are limited to four gallons, because the corner stores shop here, too. They, in turn, charge customers twice as much for that gallon.
“Those type of experiences,” says Kristopher Murray, executive director of the Washburne Culinary and Hospitality Institute at Chicago’s Kennedy-King College, “they only exist in areas like this.”
A rendering of the plans for the Whole Food site in Englewood. Courtesy of DL3 Realty / Ethos Workshop.
Needing a catalyst
The culinary school has a restaurant, Sikia, that looks out on what will be the Whole Foods. Three days a week, it serves lunch, a three-course prix-fixe menu prepared by the students that’s a steal at seven bucks. Their restaurant, with 80 seats, white tablecloths and aproned servers, is the only such full­-service, sit-down spot around.
When students first come to Washburne, mostly from the South Side, many have gotten their primary exposure to restaurant cooking on TV. They then take classes in pastry making and international cuisine, where they cook with products many haven’t seen: nori paper, almond milk, bread flour.
“It’s unlikely that’ll be at Aldi’s,” Murray says. Which also means his students probably can’t reproduce at home what they learn here.
Murray recognizes the mistrust that accompanies development in a community like this.
“‘When something new comes, automatically you’re not trusting it. Who does that benefit?” Murray says over a steak at Sikia that was not quite cut to his satisfaction. “Whole Foods, Starbucks, Chipotle — everything would be questioned. But as a resident, you’re at a point where something has to change. This place has to evolve. It needs a catalyst, and a catalyst means somebody with funds who can monetize the development has to be at the table.”
Murray is hoping that Whole Foods will employ some of his students. Likewise, Whole Foods is planning to use Washburne and its vast classroom kitchens to hold classes — in cooking, nutrition and shopping on a budget — it plans to start a year out from the store’s opening.
This, too, will be a delicate exercise (Whole Foods teaches people how to shop at Whole Foods!). But it’s quite likely the store won’t succeed if all it does is open its doors with no outreach. Education without access won’t do anyone any good — if you learn how to cook an eggplant but can’t buy one. The inverse is true, too.
Part of what Whole Foods sells is also its imprimatur, the assurance that it has traced the quality of its products so you don’t have to. Whole Foods has put its suppliers through a 131-step certification to ensure that your chicken was humanely raised. And while most customers don’t know that, they know that they’re paying to have that trust, whether they care about animal welfare or high-fructose corn syrup or hormones. Part of the question Whole Foods raises as it enters these new markets is whether it can also teach people to value that thing that sometimes makes food more expensive, that often feels like a luxury.
“Good food ain’t cheap, and cheap food ain’t good. And I appreciate that,” says Ed Peecher, the bishop at a church in Englewood. He and Thompson, the alderman, took a trip together to visit the Detroit store. He is prepared to preach now on its behalf for what he considers the health of the neighborhood.
“Price point was the Number One, the earliest, the strongest and the longest-lasting argument,” he says of wary residents. “And when you started contextualizing what price point meant in comparison to a $450 hair weave, or $120 sneakers, or $60 for a fifth of alcohol, then price point is not as strong of an argument as it initially was.”
If that sounds paternalistic, Peecher acknowledges that other people cannot say that. “I can say that,” he says. “I have credentials. I graduated from Englewood High School. I moved here in 1959.”
Bashaw’s pitch goes a little different. Whole Foods has never closed one of its stores, and he doesn’t intend for Englewood to be the first. If anyone is motivated to make this store viable, it’s Whole Foods, precisely because it’s coming into the neighborhood to run a business, not a charity. And it has signed a long-term lease.
Emily Badger is a reporter for Wonkblog covering urban policy. She was previously a staff writer at The Atlantic Cities.

Grocer seeks to quench  food desert  thirstComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Women in Business: Josie Natori  Founder and CEO of the Natori Companyreddit
Josie Cruz Natori is founder and CEO of the Natori Company . Exemplifying her own mantra, she crossed continents, navigated varying careers, and surmounted countless obstacles to create a global brand, Natori. Under labels Josie Natori, Natori, Josie, and N Natori, the House of Natori extends through ready-to-wear, lingerie, home, bedding, fragrance, and accessories. At the age of 17, Ms. Natori left Manila to attend Manhattanville College to study Economics. She joined the corporate world, and eventually became the first female vice president of investment banking at Merrill Lynch. But ultimately she wanted to have her own business and a connection to her native Philippines. She fell into the idea of importing embroidered tops, which became the catalyst for a lingerie business that has grown into an iconic brand three decades later. Using an Asian aesthetic, Ms. Natori was able build a distinct brand, melding the visual appeals of both the East and the West.
"I love my work, but success in fashion is not enough," says Ms. Natori, who sits on the boards of the Asian Cultural Council, the Orchestra of St. Luke's, and the Fashion and Design Council of the Philippines. She is also a member of the CFDA (Council of Fashion Designers of America) and the Committee of 200. She was presented with the Galleon Award in 1988 by then-President of the Republic of the Philippines, Corazon Aquino. She received the Lakandula Award, considered the highest honor for a Filipino citizen, and was recognized with the prestigious Humanitarian Award by Fashion Group International.
How has your life experience made you the leader you are today?
I was raised in a matriarchal culture in the Philippines.  My grandmother always told me not to be dependent on anyone.  So despite having a career I loved on Wall Street, I knew it was in my blood to start my own business.
How has your previous employment experience aided your tenure at the House of Natori?
Working at Merrill Lynch where I was the first ever female Vice President of Investment Banking gave me invaluable analytical and negotiating experience.  There aren't many of us in the rag trade that came from Wall Street, so I think my unique history works to my advantage.
What have the highlights and challenges been during your tenure at the House of Natori?
The highlight is staying in business for 38 years! We have built great brands through high-quality product and distribution.  It can be a very tough business, and I'm proud to say that we remain completely independent.
What advice can you offer to women who want to start their own business?
It's not easy, but it's worth it!  There is certainly nothing relaxing about building a business.  You feel personally responsible for everything that goes wrong.  But the feeling of success when something works well is like no other.  It's wonderful getting compliments from fans and seeing your fashion on the streets.
What is the most important lesson you've learned in your career to date?
Work with good people.  We have decided to surround ourselves with partners who we know have high integrity.  To me, business isn't about size... it's about quality.
How do you maintain a work/life balance?
What's life? Ha ha.. I work all the time.  But my husband joined me in the business from Wall Street in the 80's, my son left Wall Street in 2007 to join, and his wife now blogs for our Josie collection as The Josie Girl. So that's my balance!
What do you think is the biggest issue for women in the workplace?
It's amazing to me that in 2014, there is still such a wage disparity between men and women.  As our company is 95% women, it's really hard for me to imagine!
How has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?
I have been blessed to have so many wonderful mentors who have helped give me guidance over the years.  Running a business, especially a fashion business, is incredibly challenging.  I couldn't do it unless I had such a great support network.
Which other female leaders do you admire and why?
Margaret Thatcher.  She has always amazed me!
What do you want the House of Natori to accomplish in the next year?
Expand more globally! Our mission is to bring art into life with an East-West sensibility.  Through strengthening and expanding our collections and brands, I hope to continue fulfilling that goal around the world.
Follow Laura Dunn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lauraemilyd
More:

Crisis and Context for Virgin Galacticreddit
Richard Branson had it right when he complained about people who knew nothing about the crash of SpaceShipTwo diving in front of cameras to analyze what must have gone wrong in the Mojave Desert.
Welcome, Sir Richard, to the "Fiasco Vortex," a concept I write about in my new book, Glass Jaw: A Manifesto for Defending Fragile Reputations in an Age of Instant Scandal.  The Fiasco Vortex is a public relations virus where immediately upon a major news event, pundits spontaneously emerge to declare the crisis to have been mismanaged and the principal -- in this case Branson's space venture -- dead in the water.
To be clear -- commenting on crises and stirring debate is an industry. After all, you only get to go on TV if you can feed the Vortex either with allegations of mismanagement or hints that the principal knew something very sinister all along and covered it up.
Not so fast.
Most crises come with assets and liabilities, advantages and disadvantages, and the SpaceShipTwo tragedy is no exception.  Much of crisis management is about context, or the circumstances surrounding the event.
On the negative side, the Virgin space race doesn't have the serious backdrop that the Cold War aerospace misfortunes had.  After all, we were fighting Soviet communism, fresh off the heels of defeating Nazism -- or at least this was the rationale.  Virgin's space venture is easily interpreted as the conceit of a super-rich man catering to the caprice of other super-rich people with the means and the time to dabble in extra-terrestrial voyaging.  This is not the type of thing that the general public, not to mention regulators are likely to sympathize with, especially given the loss of life of test-pilots who may know how to fly, but don't have the cash to own their own wings.
On the positive side, Branson isn't claiming to be defending freedom or a noble cause.  He's just doing what Branson does: Dreaming just a little bigger and a little flashier than he normally does while catering to uber-elites.  While this won't allow the authorities to look the other way at the loss of human life in the service of capitalist indulgence, there is an unspoken subtext here: If zillionaires want to take their lives in their hands and go winging through the galaxy, well, fine.
If anybody can sell space travel, it's Branson.  Selling is what he does, and when it comes to slugging his way through controversy, his jaw is probably made more from tough composite plastic than it is glass.  Why?  Because Branson thrives on publicity and he's really good at it.  Most business leaders are terrified of confrontation and are enslaved by risk-aversion and insipid corporate bilge.
In the meantime, the rest of us should give serious thought to remaining on the ground while the red carpet set plays the role that NASA chimpanzees did during the dawn of the space program.
Follow Eric Dezenhall on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ericdezenhall
More:

Recycling Opens the Door to a Circular Economyreddit
Recycling is critically important, but it's only one part of a larger, globally emergent environmental paradigm known as the Circular Economy.
As we look forward to America Recycles Day, we are reminded that we have so much more to do. The Global Footprint Network estimates that we have far exceeded the Earth's capacity to sustain our current levels of consumption in its recent Living Planet Report .  While our industry, carton packaging, has been driving substantial efforts to expand carton recycling in the U.S., we need more than recycling to help "supply" meet "demand."
Fortunately, an emergent paradigm that shows great promise is garnering great support among economic influencers -- the Circular Economy.
The name is literal, referring to an industrial economy that goes far beyond recycling and which only creates secondary materials from primary ones.  The Circular Economy is restorative by intention and based on eliminating material loss.  To that end, it employs renewable energy, minimizes or eliminates toxic chemicals and avoids waste through careful design . It looks closely at how we design, make, sell, re-use and recycle products to determine how to secure the maximum value, both in use and at the end of their life.
With this all-encompassing approach, the Circular Economy aims to eradicate waste -- not just from manufacturing processes but systematically, throughout the life cycle of products and their components. Consciously designing durable goods to be restorative will keep components and products in longer use, and ensure that biological materials can re-enter the biosphere at the end of their lives.
Can it work?  "Towards the Circular Economy," a 2014 report from the World Economic Forum, the Ellen MacArthur Foundation and McKinsey & Company, estimates that shifting to this model could add over $1 trillion a year to the global economy by 2025 and create 100,000 new jobs within the next five years if companies put their energies behind developing circular supply chains and increase the rate of recycling, reuse and remanufacture.
While this sounds quixotic, there are many concrete examples of how companies are successfully deploying the model today -- with great benefits to their bottom lines.  A few examples:
Ricoh, the Japanese multinational for imaging and electronics, established the Comet Circle in 1994 to reduce the environmental impact of their products . The program's primary directive was that all product parts would be designed and manufactured so that they could be recycled or reused. The company also established the GreenLine label as a concrete expression of its commitment to resource recirculation, which is a huge success story today. In addition to remanufacturing, the company refurbishes and upgrades pre-owned machines. For products that cannot be remanufactured, Ricoh harvests the components and recycles materials at local facilities.
Mud Jeans meets one of the key concepts of the Circular Economy -- goods-as-service -- with its clever leasing scheme for jeans . The Dutch company advocates "using" rather than "owning," so consumers pay €5.95 a month to lease a pair of jeans.  After a year they can return the jeans to Mud, trade them for a new pair and start another yearlong lease --with Mud is responsible for any repairs during that period. This is good for the customers but it's also good for Mud, since the company is protected against potential increases in cotton prices.
Unilever, the British multinational consumer goods giant, has a Sustainable Living Plan that helps it  manage core business risks, such as sourcing, by ensuring supply security for the long term -- as well as protecting the planet's natural resources. According to Unilever's European External Affairs Director Christiaan Prins, "By the end of last year 48 percent of our agricultural raw materials were sustainably sourced . Unilever is committed to sourcing 100 percent of its raw materials sustainably by 2020."
At Tetra Pak, our contribution to the Circular Economy lays in using fewer raw materials in our carton packages; sourcing them from renewable, sustainable and certified resources whenever possible; and acting as a catalyst to increase recycling of used beverage cartons. And we continue to strive towards a fully renewable package. The global success of our bio-based caps (made from plastic derived from sugar cane) and our recent launch in Brazil of bio-based packaging material coating (also made from plastic derived from sugar cane) is seen as a major step towards that ambition.
So will the Circular Economy work?  Continued wealth generation in the 21st Century requires a new sustainable industrial model that is less dependent on wasting primary energy and materials -- as noted in "Towards the Circular Economy." For today's CEO, it is a practical business strategy to hedge against resource competition, commodity price volatility and changing consumer demands, and at the same time reconcile our economic, environmental and developmental objectives.  But equally significantly, it protects our precious environment.
More:

L&T to tweak Metro Rail routeL&T to tweak Metro Rail route
K V Kurmanath
Accedes Telangana Govt’s plea
Hyderabad, Nov 15:  
Infrastructure major L&T has agreed to make some changes in the alignment of the Hyderabad Metro rail route, following the suggestions made by Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao.
The firm, which bagged the mandate for the metro rail project, will tweak the blueprint at three places to keep the cultural identity of the city in tact.
An L&T team led by its Chairman A M Naik met the Chief Minister and top officials to review the progress of the project here on Saturday.
As per the changes, the metro railway line would be laid from behind the Assembly building. This had become a bone of contention as the firm had earlier denied receiving any request from the Government.
Soon after assuming charge in June, the Chief Minister asked the firm to make changes to the route in order not to disturb the landscape of the historic Assembly and its surroundings.
“The Martyrs’ Column opposite the Assembly too is very important and we will not like it to be disturbed,” the Chief Minister told the delegation.
The other two changes in the alignment would be at the Sultan Bazar and in the Old City. The Chief Minister wanted the firm not to disturb the historic Sultan Bazar area and also the places of religions importance in the Old City of Hyderabad.
The team would meet again on November 20, a Government spokesperson said after the review meeting.
L&T apologises
The firm reportedly apologised to the State Government for the embarrassment it faced after a letter by it was leaked to a section of the media.
Quoting the letter, some papers reported that the company had expressed its inability to complete the project.
(This article was published on November 15, 2014)
Related

Cameron warns Putin to pull back in UkraineCameron warns Putin that Russia is at ‘fork in the road’
George Parker and Jamie Smyth in Brisbane
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c584e6ea-6cb4-11e4-b125-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russia braced for catastrophic oil plungeRussia braced for ‘catastrophic’ oil plunge
Anjli Raval, Neil Hume and Jonathan Eley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c32ccb0a-6bd9-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russia army build-up sparks guessing game© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eecc858c-6bf9-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Driver held for raping minor in school vanPrint
By: Express News Service | Pune | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:48 am
The driver of a school van has been arrested by Pune city police for raping a six-year-old school girl. Police said the crime was committed in the van, sometime between November 10 and 13.
The offence was registered after the parents of the girl approached Warje police station to file a complaint.
Police arrested the 30-year-old driver, a resident of Kamte Vasti in Shivne.
Police booked the driver under the Indian Penal Code and Protection of Children from Sexual Offence Act.
Police said the girl is a student of an English medium school in Warje area. She goes to school in the van owned by the
accused driver.
Between November 10 and 13, he allegedly sexually assaulted the girl after she came into the van parked outside the school, using his fingers to penetrate her private parts. The girl told her parents. Her mother registered a first information report at Warje police station.
A police team led by senior inspector G D Pingle initiated a probe and arrested the driver. Police produced him before the special court on Saturday afternoon and sought his custody for further investigations.
Police told the court that medical test of the accused needs to be conducted. Police said the van in which the crime took place is owned by the driver. Police said they want to seize the van for investigations. It is being probed whether the accused had any accomplices.
The court remanded the driver to police custody for two days. Police sub inspector M Naik is investigating the case.

Coming up adjacent to PMO in Varanasi  Akhileshs CMOPrint
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:29 am | Updated: November 16, 2014 4:34 am
Varanasi is all set to get a “Chief Minister’s Office” on November 22, when Samajwadi Party will celebrate its supremo and Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav’s father Mulaya Singh Yadav’s birthday.
The “CMO”, as the local SP leaders are calling the rented building in Lalita talkies near Bhelupur Chauraha, is a public grievance redressal office set up by the party to cater to the complaints of residents of the temple town. It is situated just 300 metres away from Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s constituency office.
Modi’s office too attends to people’s complaints and is referred to as “Prime Minister’s Office (PMO)” by the locals.
“We have taken the premises on lease for five years. It is hardly 300 metres from Modi’s office, which is in Ravindrapuri. But unlike Modi’s office where entries are made in register to highlight them in media, we will provide relief to people,” said Satish Yadav Fauji, district president of Samajwadi Party.
Fauji is a retired air force official and was appointed as district president of SP only four months ago.
Fauji claimed that office will be inaugurated on November 22 to mark Mulayam’s birthday celebrations. “We will also distribute free bicycles during the inauguration. This office will be separate from party’s district unit office near Varuna bridge,” Fauji claimed.
SP leaders have already started publicity of their new “CMO”. Pamphlets are being distributed in Varanasi with phone numbers of the new office and its office bearers. The office will open from 11 am to 8 pm. “We are opening our own office for proper redressal of the grievances.
Every complaint will be personally attended by SP leaders and will be forwarded to concerned government office for redressal,” Fauji added.
The party has already prepared a duty chart of local leaders who will remain present at this office. Several other leaders have been given responsibility to motivate and ask people to lodge their complaints at the “CMO”. Fauji said people leaders from every community have been selected and “asked to bring people from their community”. “Everyone will be treated equally, unlike Modi’s office where only a select few are given preference,” said Fauji.
Every complaint will be documented and SP workers will approach the complainant personally to ensure that he or she is satisfied with the complaint redressal. Applications which cannot be disposed at district level will be sent to the Chief Minister’s Office at Lucknow. “People have realised that Modi’s office, which opened with much fanfare, has failed to address people’s grievances. People are disappointed and we will provide relief to them,” claimed Fauji.
State office bearers of SP claimed that the initiative has been taken by the local Varanasi unit. “We have a proper system for attending people’s grievances. A ‘jan sunwayi’ is done by CM and other ministers including Shivpal Yadav at Lucknow. At local level, district office bearers are available everyday at their office,” said Rajendra Choudhary, state spokesperson of the party.
“Unlike Modi’s office where entries are made in register to highlight them in media, we will provide relief to people... Everyone will be treated equally, said Satish Yadav Fauji, Varanasi SP president

Top US general in Iraq to assess anti-Islamic State campaignAmerica's top military leader arrived in Iraq on Saturday on a previously unannounced visit.
By: Associated Press | Baghdad | Posted: November 16, 2014 1:02 am
America’s top military leader arrived in Iraq on Saturday on a previously unannounced visit, his first since a US-led coalition began launching airstrikes against the extremist Islamic State group.
The visit by Army General Martin Dempsey, chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, came just two days after he told Congress that the United States would consider dispatching a modest number of American forces to fight with Iraqi troops against the extremist group.
The Iraqi military and security forces, trained by the US at the cost of billions of dollars, melted away in the face of the group’s stunning offensive this summer, when it captured most of northern and western Iraq, including the country’s second-largest city Mosul.
Dempsey said Thursday that Iraqi forces were doing a better job now, although an effort to move into Mosul or to restore the border with Syria would require more complex operations.
He also told the US House Armed Services Committee that America has a modest force in Iraq now, and that “any expansion of that, I think, would be equally modest.”
“I just don’t foresee a circumstance when it would be in our interest to take this fight on ourselves with a large military contingent,” he said.
Dempsey’s spokesman, Air Force Col. Ed Thomas, said the general planned to visit US troops, commanders and Iraqi leaders. “The primary purpose of his visit is to get a firsthand look at the situation in Iraq, receive briefings, and get better sense of how the campaign is progressing.”
The visit included talks in Baghdad with Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi and US Ambassador Stuart E. Jones, Thomas said.
Dempsey later flew to Irbil, capital of Iraq’s largely autonomous northern Kurdish region, where he met with Kurdish Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani.
Dempsey also visited the US joint operations center in Irbil, got a briefing on the Kurdish offensive against the Islamic State group and held a town hall with deployed troops there, Thomas said.
The Pentagon has plans to establish an expeditionary advise and assist center in Irbil where US troops will provide assistance to Iraqi forces at the brigade and higher levels. The US also is planning to set up a training site near Irbil.
According to plans laid out last week, the US expects to train nine Iraqi security forces brigades and three Kurdish Peshmerga brigades.
Dempsey’s visit to Iraq comes a day after Iraqi forces drove Islamic State militants out of a strategic oil refinery town north of Baghdad, scoring their biggest battlefield victory yet.
On Saturday, state television said government forces were in full control of the refinery, Iraq’s largest, which lies some 20 kilometers (15 miles) north of the town of Beiji.
The loss of Beiji marks the latest in a series of setbacks for the jihadi group, which has lost hundreds of fighters to US-led coalition airstrikes continued…

Philae completes exploration of comets surfaceUpdated: November 16, 2014 07:51 IST
Philae completes exploration of comet’s surface
AP
Tweet
AP
The combination photo of different images taken with Philae's CIVA camera system released by the European Space Agency ESA on November 13, 2014 shows Rosetta’s lander Philae as it is safely on the surface of Comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko. Philae landed Nov. 12, 2014 next to a cliff that largely blocked sunlight from reaching its solar panels on the comet.
TOPICS
science and technology
The pioneering lander Philae completed its primary mission of exploring the comet’s surface and returned plenty of data before depleted batteries forced it to go silent, the European Space Agency (ESA) said on Saturday.
“All of our instruments could be operated and now it’s time to see what we got,” ESA’s blog quoted lander manager Stephan Ulamec as saying.
Since landing on Wednesday on comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko some 500 million kilometres away, the lander has performed a series of scientific tests and sent reams of data, including photos, back to Earth.
In addition, the lander was lifted on Friday by about 1.5 inches and rotated about 35 degrees in an effort to pull it out of a shadow so that solar panels could recharge the depleted batteries, ESA’s blog said.
ESA spokesman Bernard von Weyhe on Saturday confirmed the lander’s difficult rotation operation. It’s still unclear whether it succeeded in putting the solar panels out of the shade.
Even if the lander was rotated successfully and is able to recharge its batteries with sunlight, it may take weeks or months until it will send out new signals. Regular checks for signals will continue.
ESA’s mission control centre in Darmstadt, Germany, received the last signals from Philae on Saturday morning at 0036 GMT. Before the signal died, the lander returned all of its housekeeping data as well as scientific data of its experiments on the surface, which means it completed the measures as planned, the ESA blog said.

Scott Clement and Peyton M. CraighillAs the nation’s first African American president, Obama has adopted a more measured approach to race issues that is notable for its lack of raw emotion.
Dec 7, 2014
President Obama said he’ll side with Republicans against his traditional allies on trade pacts.
Dec 3, 2014
Obama pledges to seek compromise with Republicans during talk to business leaders
Dec 3, 2014
Those on both sides of the political aisle believed Elizabeth Lauten broke a cardinal rule when she criticized the Obama girls in a Facebook post.
Dec 1, 2014
The president sought to convince Americans that his plans to change immigration laws were well within the precedent set by other administrations and did not amount to amnesty.
Nov 20, 2014
The president was initially skeptical of his ability to take unilateral action.
Nov 20, 2014
The president sought to convince Americans that his plans to change immigration laws were well within the precedent set by other administrations and did not amount to amnesty.
Nov 20, 2014
The president will use a rare prime-time address to lay out plans to remake the immigration landscape.
Nov 19, 2014
The president disputed an assertion that the administration had deceived lawmakers in creating the policy.
Nov 16, 2014
President Obama and other world leaders react to the media scrum at a photo op
Nov 16, 2014
Load More
About
David Nakamura started at the Washington Post as a summer intern in 1992 and is amazed he once did this job without the Internet, a cell phone, GPS, Wikipedia or a laptop computer. After four years as a sports reporter, he moved to the local news staff and wrote about education in Virginia and Maryland and city government in Washington, D.C. In 2004, he was part of a team that uncovered high levels of lead contamination in D.C. tap water , a series that won the 2005 Selden Ring Award for investigative reporting. He has reported from Afghanistan, Pakistan and Japan.
Most Read

Muslims discovered America before Columbus  Turkish president claimsBy Ishaan Tharoor November 15 Follow @ishaantharoor
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan at a meeting in Ankara, Turkey, on May 13, 2014. (AFP/Getty Images)
In a televised speech in Istanbul, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan claimed that Muslims had discovered the Americas three centuries before the voyages of Christopher Columbus. He was addressing a summit of Muslim leaders from Latin America.
"Contacts between Latin America and Islam date back to the 12th century. Muslims discovered America in 1178, not Christopher Columbus," Erdogan  said . "Muslim sailors arrived in America from 1178. Columbus mentioned the existence of a mosque on a hill on the Cuban coast."
Erdogan is not shy of making provocative statements, whether it's about his political rivals, ethnic minorities or social media Web sites . His latest remarks are, in comparison, less incendiary.
They echo the research of a small coterie of scholars who believe there's archaeological and documentary evidence of Muslims in pre-Columbian America. Erdogan is apparently citing the disputed work of Youssef Mroueh, an academic affiliated with the As-Sunnah Foundation of America .
In a 1996 paper , Mroueh referred to the presence of a mosque spotted by Columbus along the Cuban coast. "Columbus admitted in his papers that on Monday, October 21, 1492 CE while his ship was sailing near Gibara on the north-east coast of Cuba, he saw a mosque on top of a beautiful mountain," writes Mroueh.
Most scholars insist the "mosque" mentioned was a metaphorical allusion to a striking land feature. There have been no archaeological discoveries of Islamic structures pre-dating Columbus's arrival in the New World.
Mroueh, who is not listed as a historian at any institution of higher learning, suggests that explorers from Muslim kingdoms in West Africa made the same journey across the Atlantic from the Canary Islands well before the Italian seafarer did in the employ of the Spanish Crown.
Others cite the work of a noted geographer in Muslim Spain , who produced a map in the 10th century that may show the outline of South America, and referenced the journey of an Arab sailor who traveled westward  through an "ocean of darkness and fog." 
It should go without saying that the first peoples to "discover" the Americas were the ancestors of the continents' indigenous population.
But there is all sorts of speculation of other peoples in other eras finding the Americas long before Columbus. Did Polynesians rowing catamarans make it to the American Pacific coast? What about the great treasure fleets of the Chinese Ming emperor? Or Basque fishermen , chasing streams of Atlantic cod?
The most established narrative of pre-Columbian encounter involves explorers and settlers from Scandinavia, who arrived on the shores of Newfoundland and Canada some five centuries before the Spanish expedition of 1492.
Yet Erdogan's insistence upon the presence of Muslims in the New World is worth taking into consideration, if not for the reasons that he would intend.
The Spanish exploration and colonization of the Americas followed the bloody battles of the Reconquista -- the Catholic campaigns against the last Muslim states on the Iberian peninsula. Many of the Spanish soldiers and officers who crossed the Atlantic were animated by the zeal of the Spanish Inquisition, and in some accounts refer to the indigenous populations they encounter as "moors" and "infidels" and their ziggurats as "mosques." The profusion of towns in Mexico called "Matamoros" -- death to the Moors, a name associated with a mythic Christian saint who battled Muslims  -- speaks of that legacy.
Apart from the Arabs and converted Muslims aboard Spanish ships , Islam may not have been present in the New World. But it still haunted the imagination of Europeans as they ventured into the alien unknown.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

Top 7 Companies Add Rs 36 840 Crore in Market ValuationYou are here: Home Market
Top 7 Companies Add Rs 36,840 Crore in Market Valuation; ITC Shines
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 16, 2014 11:47 (IST)
Sensex Slumps 300 Points as Infosys Sinks 5%
New Delhi: Seven of the top 10 Sensex companies added a total Rs 36,840.41 crore to their market valuation last week, which saw the indices touching life time highs on continued FII inflows.
FMCG giant ITC was the biggest gainer among top 10 companies with an addition of Rs 10,015.78 crore to its market capitalisation that stood at Rs 2,93,849.29 crore at close on Friday last.
Coal India's market valuation moved up by Rs 7,453.31 crore to Rs 2,25,178.39 crore, while HDFC Bank added Rs 7,317.36 crore to Rs 2,24,423.20 crore.
The m-cap of TCS jumped Rs 6,365.86 crore to Rs 5,10,444.51 crore, while that of SBI moved up by Rs 3,441.7 crore to Rs 2,08,178.17 crore.
Similarly, Infosys' value rose by Rs 1,128.37 crore to Rs 2,40,510.20 crore and that of ICICI Bank advanced by Rs 1,118.03 crore to Rs 1,96,211.65 crore.
Encouraging macro data and FII inflows helped Sensex capture the milestone of 28K-level and Nifty to hit fresh record highs during the week. The BSE benchmark Sensex gained 178.03 points last week.
On the other hand, ONGC, RIL and Sun Pharma witnessed a decline in their market valuations.
ONGC was the biggest loser with its m-cap declining by Rs 13,603.23 crore to Rs 3,36,530.20 crore.
RIL lost Rs 3,800.9 crore in its valuation to Rs 3,13,501.28 crore and Sun Pharma shed Rs 1,066.62 crore to Rs 1,83,603.38 crore.
The ranking of top-10 firms remained intact as previous week, with TCS retaining its numero-uno position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, CIL, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Story first published on: November 16, 2014 11:46 (IST)

Salman Khan s sister Arpita s wedding: Hyderabadi Biryani  Haleem on dinnerPrint
Around 200 guests are expected to attend the marriage, and police will ensure that there is no inconvenience caused to them
By: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: November 16, 2014 12:34 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 2:44 pm
‘Hyderabadi Biryani’, ‘Haleem’ and ‘Pathar Ka Gosht’ (meat cooked on stone) are among the popular Deccani cuisines to be served to guests at the wedding of superstar Salman Khan’s sister Arpita here on Tuesday.
Luxury heritage hotel Taj Falaknuma, located in old city, has been booked by Salman for two days and is all set to wear a special look for the gala ceremony for which invitees list includes some top Bollywood and Tollywood personalities.
“The entire hotel has been booked for November 18 and 19 with a view to keep gatecrashers at bay,” a source said.
Also read – Revealed: The guest-list for Salman Khan’s sister Arpita’s wedding
The Khan family is keen to have some of the Hyderabadi delicacies to be included in the menu, and preparations for the star-studded affair are already in full swing.
“Brunches, lunches and dinners throughout the event will have all the dishes, including some oriental. But for the main dinner (on November 18), it is going to be Hyderabadi cuisine like Biryani and Pathar Ka Gosht,” a source said.
Perched atop a hill, Falaknuma (mirror of the sky in Urdu) has 60 beautifully refurbished and restored rooms. The palace of the seventh Nizam, Mehboob Ali Khan, (Nizams are rulers of erstwhile Hyderabad State) was restored into a luxury hotel in 2010 and is run by Taj Group of Hotels.
Read – Salman Khan’s sister Arpita’s wedding preparations take off
“The Khans have specifically asked to add ‘Kachche Gosht Ki Biryani’ (raw meat Biryani) and Haleem because they had it in the hotel earlier,” the source said.
As for the security and privacy of the VIPs going to attend the marriage of Salman’s youngest sister, who will tie the knot with long-time beau Aayush Sharma, only the invitees would be allowed into the hotel, known for its opulence.
When contacted, South Zone Deputy Commissioner of Police V Satyanarayana said they have received a request from the hotel
management to assist them in security arrangements.
Around 200 guests are expected to attend the marriage, and police will ensure that there is no inconvenience caused to them, he said.

Nokia Lumia 830 review: Great camera but overpricedThis is one of the better Windows Phone, but we cannot agree with the 'affordable flagship' tag.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 12:33 pm
Microsoft launched its ‘affordable flagship’ Nokia Lumia 830 Window Phone 8.1 smartphone in October. One look at this smartphone, and you will get a feeling that the device promises quality. But then is it enough to grab the attention of buyers who are bored with Android and can’t afford iOS? We check out.
Specs: 5-inch 1280 x 720 pixels display | Windows Phone 8.1 OS | 1.2 GHz quad-core Snapdragon 400 processor | 1 GB RAM | 16 GB internal memory expandable up to 128 GB | 10 MP PureView camera, 0.9 MP HD front camera | 2200 mAh battery
Price: Rs 28,799
Design: The phone is great to hold, but like the Lumia 830 is similar in looks to most of the latest Windows smartphones. However, Microsoft has given a premium feel by adding a metal rim and polycarbonate back cover. At the back, you will find the big round camera module which is bordered by a slightly raised cut-out on the back cover, as if hinting that the device is focused on its camera. Overall, the build quality is superb and offers good grip.
Display: Microsoft calls it the ‘affordable flagship’ but it does not have all flagship features. For instance, the display is not Full HD.  But then I did not have much to complain as it delivered some stunning results. The 5-inch display offers a resolution of 1,280×720 pixels at a density of 226ppi, which while not great on paper leaves you satisfied. The viewing angles are good and the ClearBlack filter did a good job by offering decent outdoor visibility. Overall, you will like the display.
Performance: As I promised, I will not mention the hardware specs here. From a user’s perspective, I did not witness any lags.  However, the phone heated up like crazy when I was shooting down zombies in the Dead Target game. Doing routine stuff was pretty smooth and the phone is quite responsive. In general, the apps loaded quickly, but the camera took a while to open. I really liked the sound quality and liked watching videos on the phone. The overall multimedia experience is good. Now, if all this is achieved by a 1.2GHz quad-core Snapdragon 400 processor with 1GB RAM, I am happy with it. And yes, Cortana is not available in India yet, so, don’t curse it.
Camera: I am not wasting time writing how good the camera is. I tried it in almost all regular light conditions, and the PureView camera did not disappoint me at all. It’s a 10 MP camera, but don’t go for the mega pixels only. The PureView camera with Zeiss optics, optical image stabilisation and a dedicated button will make you feel like that you are using a digicam.
Connectivity: The phone offers NFC along with regular connectivity features. I did not witness any issues with connectivity.
Battery: The good part of not having a jaw-dropping spec sheet is getting decent battery life. The 2,200 mAh battery will easily last a day.
Verdict: This is one of the better Windows Phone devices, but I simply cannot agree with Microsoft calling it an ‘affordable flagship’ by just giving a PureView camera at Rs 28,799. For those bored Android users out there, the Nokia Lumia 830 might offer a good break only if you are dying to get a PureView camera. For those who are already using a Windows Phone, this is a good upgrade. However, I found the price to be bit on the higher side and I cannot term this as an affordable handset. Blame Android.

PM Modi raises black money issue at G20 SummitYou are here: Home > Collections
PM Narendra Modi raises black money issue at G20 Summit
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 11.45AM IST
Tags:
Black Money
(PM Modi at the summit of…)
BRISBANE: As India makes attempts to recover black money from abroad, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today asked every country, especially tax havens, to provide information for tax purposes in accordance with treaty obligations.
Raising the pitch on the black money issue, Modi in his intervention at the summit of the Group of 20 industrialised and major emerging economies called for close global coordination to address the challenge posed by it.
Modi voiced India's support for a new global standard on automatic exchange of tax information, saying it would be instrumental in getting information relating to unaccounted money hoarded abroad and enable its eventual repatriation.
He also extended India's backing for all initiatives to facilitate exchange of information and mutual assistance in tax policy and administration.
The prime minister made the remarks at the plenary session on the subject of "Delivering Global Economic resilience" on the second and final day of the summit held at the Brisbane Exhibition and Convention centre.
He also expressed the hope that Base Erosion and Profit Sharing (BEPS) system would fully address concerns of developing and developed economies.
BEPS is a technical term referring to the effect of tax avoidance strategies used by multinational companies on countries' tax basis. BEPS is known more commonly as "Transfer pricing"
This term is used in a project headed by the OECD that is said to be an attempt by the world's major economies to try to rewrite the rules on corporate taxation to address the widespread perception that the corporations don't pay their fair share of taxes.
The prime minister also said that increased mobility of capital and technology have created new opportunities for avoiding tax and profit shifting. Modi underpinned the need for the world community to take coordinated decisions although each country has its domestic priority.
"Need for policy coordination among major economies remains strong," he said.
"Close coordination is important not just for addressing the challenge of black money but also security issues like terrorism, drug trafficking and arms smuggling," he said.
Touching upon the resilience of the financial system in the world, Modi said it will also depend on cyber security.
Modi also proposed to the G20 to set up a global virtual centre for clean energy research and development.
The Group of Twenty (also known as the G-20 or G20) is an international forum for the governments and central bank governors from 20 major economies.
The members are Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, South Korea, Turkey, United Kingdom, United States and the European Union (EU). The EU is represented by the European Commission and by the European Central Bank.
Collectively, the G-20 economies account for around 85 per cent of the GDP, 80 per cent of world trade (or, if excluding EU intra-trade, 75 per cent), and two-thirds of the world population.
The G-20 heads of government or heads of state have periodically conferred at summits since their initial meeting in 2008 in the US.
G20 host and Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has vowed a crackdown on tax evasion by MNCs and wanted the G20 countries to have intense cooperation in this regard.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Waiting for your visit  German Chancellor Merkel tells PM ModiWaiting for your visit, German Chancellor Angela Merkel tells PM Modi
IANS Nov 16, 2014, 08.44AM IST
Tags:
Angela Merkel
(Merkel told Modi that "our…)
BRISBANE: Prime Minister Narendra Modi Sunday had a much-anticipated bilateral meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel here ahead of the G20 .
At the meeting, Merkel told Modi that "our relations are deepening...Waiting for your visit ," according to tweets posted by the external affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.
Just ahead of the second day's plenary session, Modi, along with Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and US President Barack Obama posed for a photo op.
On Saturday, Modi also had a pull aide meeting with UN Secretary General Ban Ki Moon, the MEA tweet said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold recovers glitter in wedding season  rises 715Comments
Gold recovered its glitter on Saturday as it vaulted Rs. 715 to record its second biggest single-day gain this year, driven by rising demand ahead of the wedding season and weak US economic data.
Prices are set to rise further in the days to come, traders said, advising those planning to buy the precious metal to do so right away.
The Rs. 715 jump took the metal to Rs. 26,400 per 10 grams, up 2.78% from Friday’s closing of Rs. 25,685.
Prices had fallen to a low of Rs. 25,000 per 10 grams last week in the key markets of Mumbai and Delhi, but have risen 6% since then. Globally, too, gold rose to a two-week high as large investors increased bets on the metal due to uncertainties in the US economy.
“Gold had bottomed out in recent weeks but the market is now looking at higher levels as prices can’t fall any further,” said Ashok Minawalla, a prominent Mumbai-based trader and former president of the Jewellery Trade Federation. “We may see higher demand on account of the wedding season,” he added.
The demand for gold in India — which recently overtook China to regain its position as the world’s top consumer — is likely to boost imports, which rose to 150 tonnes in October from 90 tonnes in September, far exceeding expectations of around 55 tonnes.
“Gold imports at this level could rise to $6 billion in October from $4 billion in September, way higher than the average $2.3 billion in April-August…,” a Nomura report said.
This may force the government to impose additional restrictions on imports to dampen rising demand. Rising gold imports had played havoc with India’s current account deficit (the difference between all dollar inflows and outflows) last year and contributed significantly to the run on the rupee, which had fallen to an all-time low of Rs. 68.85 against the dollar.

Tata Motors Focus on Customer Satisfaction  to Woo Back BuyersYou are here: Home Corporates
Tata Motors Focus on Customer Satisfaction, to Woo Back Buyers
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 16, 2014 12:42 (IST)
Food Corporation Invites Bids to Raise Rs 20,000 Crore Short-Term Loan
New Delhi: Tata Motors is going all-out to please customers, right from buying experience to after sales service to enhance satisfaction, as it looks to overcome past issues and claw back to a dominant position in the domestic passenger vehicles market.
Buoyed by the response to its latest compact sedan Zest that managed to pip Honda's Amaze in October sales, the company is also integrating its 'quality process' in the entire product planning system from early design stages right up to the final vehicle.
"We have studied trends in customer complaints at every touch point and have worked closely with the quality team in the manufacturing facility on repair quality feedback," a Tata Motors spokesperson told PTI.
In the past, Tata Motors had faced issues related to customer satisfaction in its after sales and service resulting in poor perception.
The quality teams have helped the service team to resolve repairs in the most effective manner. The move helps in a revamped customer complaints management programme that is backed now by a post-resolution feedback system to ensure lasting resolutions and customer satisfaction, the spokesperson added.
Further, the company has worked on the supply side by re-working its logistics management system for speedy spare parts delivery. It has also has enhanced its distribution warehouse network with development of a warehousing facility in Pune.
"DHL has been earmarked as the Logistics Service Provider for promoting a world class logistics experience to all supply chain channel partners," the spokesperson said.
Besides, Tata Motors has also been working to enhance customer engagement it its dealerships by upgrading over 150 showrooms to improve ambiance and show-room experience.
"We will continue to focus on our national presence and continue to look at our internal and partner audits to fine-tune our customer service strategy to offer more services, quick turnaround times and enriched overall experience," the spokesperson said.
The initiatives being undertaken by the company have started to bear fruit as its latest offering in the compact sedan segment Zest has taken third spot, overtaking the likes of Honda Amaze.
Honda Amaze sold 3,482 units in October while Tata Zest sold 3,524 units during the month.
"With the determination to bring products that offer great vehicle experiences, the quality process is now integrated in our system from early design stages right up to the final product," the spokesperson said.
In the latest JD Power's Customer Satisfaction Index, the company has moved from 6th to the 4th rank.
In the April-October period the company's passenger vehicle sales had declined by 32.32 per cent to 86,802 units from 1,28,263 nits in the same period previous period last fiscal.
Story first published on: November 16, 2014 12:41 (IST)

Urgent need for systemic changes in aviation sectorDGCA a toothless watchdog; urgent need for systemic changes to boost Indian aviation sector
Nov 16, 2014, 04.36AM IST
Tags:
(The regulator, the Directorate…)
By Devesh Agarwal
For nearly a year, India has suffered the ignominy of demotion to a Category II status by the United States Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) due to the failure of its safety oversight regime to meet international standards. The expansion plans of its airlines in the US are stuck (Air India and Jet Airways can fly but cannot introduce new flights) and code-share agreements with US airlines remain suspended. The regulator, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), is said to have taken corrective actions to restore ranking to Category I. It even convinced the FAA to conduct another audit, due on December 8.
A month before the audit, on November 7, a SpiceJet Boeing 737 hit a buffalo that wandered onto the runway at the Surat airport. The buffalo was killed. The plane was damaged and grounded. Rotten luck, right? Surely, it was an aberration, as the aviation minister said the other day.
Except that it was not. In the last year alone, Indian airlines have suffered in excess of 600 "wildlife strikes" at airports. While a majority of them are bird hits, there were also plenty of animal strikes. Less than two months ago, a SpiceJet aircraft pounded a jackal at Indore airport. A few years ago, a Kingfisher Airlines plane socked a group of pigs while landing at Nagpur, giving a new twist to the idiom "pigs can fly".
At least five airports, including Ahmedabad, Bhubaneswar and Kochi, have been identified as critically prone to wildlife strikes. The Surat incident, authorities said, happened because neighbouring villagers broke the airport wall to let their cattle graze. Seriously? What were the Airports Authority of India (AAI), which operates the airport, and security agencies like the Gujarat State Reserve Police Force (SRPF), responsible for protecting it, doing? If a beast can simply wander into a runway, the highest security zone of an airport, what about determined terrorists?
Toothless Watchdog
To be fair, wildlife strikes are an accepted risk at airports around the world. The vast tracts of land are a haven for rabbits, snakes, canines and birds. But airport operators mitigate risks using technology such as surface movement radars and intrusion detection systems, along with intensive human patrolling.
Indian security norms mandate CISF watchtowers every few hundred metres so that the entire perimeter of an airport boundary can be monitored. In the event of a breach, repairs are to be done — within 24 hours. These norms are practised at India's private airports. AAI-operated airports are a different story. Herein lies the crux of the problem. It starts with the structure of the DGCA. Unlike foreign counterparts that are independent, DGCA reports to the aviation ministry along with AAI and Air India.
Since 2007, when the last technocrat boss Kanu Gohain retired, a bureaucrat has headed the DGCA. A DGCA head is usually junior to the head of AAI or Air India. So the chances of the regulator pulling up either of these organisations are slim. "The regulator should be completely independent. When you have the regulator reporting to same ministry as the airport operator and airline, the possibility of cover-up is immense," said the operations head of an airport. The different regulatory yardsticks were visible in the recent fracas over pilot licences. The DGCA called for stringent action against Jet, but there was nary a word against Air India.
The regulator is still playing catch up with the explosive growth of Indian aviation. Until airport privatisation commenced, it did not even have a proper airport licensing procedure. A specific division on aerodrome standards and enforcement was created only recently. A severe staff crunch has often been cited as an excuse for all of DGCA's ills, but that sounds like a broken record (the situation at Bureau of Civil Aviation Security), which oversees policy and operations of airport security in India, is no different). But the net result is disastrous. For a metro airport such as Mumbai or Delhi, an inspection mandated by UN agency International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) should take up to 40 man days. At present, it is done in about one eighth of the time, said the head of an Indian airport.
  Need of the Hour
The DGCA is no doubt bent on regaining the Category I ranking. But its methods leave a lot to be desired. "By attempting to do in six months what normally should take two to three years, and without talking to all the stakeholders, the actions of the DGCA are resulting in a lot of confusion," said the head of flight operations at an airline.
Soon after the FAA downgrade, the DGCA hired senior Flight Operations Inspectors for monthly salaries of around Rs 7 lakh, matching industry standards, but the recruits are largely inexperienced. Funding is not the issue. With each of India's 8.5-crore air passengers parting with Rs 130 for a ticket as security fee, collections exceeded Rs 1,100 crore last year.
There are aspirations and there is reality. We may aspire to be the third largest civil aviation market within the next decade, but the harsh reality is that the government is doing a woefully inadequate job in the aviation sector, a critical driver of the economic growth engine. The BJP government should immediately implement the UPA-II decision to create a Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). Funded by fees paid by passengers and industry — not the government — the CAA will not be hobbled in its quest to hire skilled professionals. The CAA should be politically independent though (the previous government mulled appointing a bureaucrat as CAA head). The need of the hour is to drive large-scale, long-term, focused and time-bound systemic changes across the board. The government should look beyond regaining the FAA ranking.
The writer runs bangaloreaviation.com, a website devoted to news and analyses of the aviation industry
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lesson from Ebola: What India needs to doAnthrax
(Angles changed his strategy…)
A group of encroachers who have built huts inside the Meghamalai wildlife sanctuary in Theni district of Tamil Nadu watch suspiciously as a green jeep driven by a wildlife activist makes its way slowly over a narrow rain-ravaged mud path.
Angles, a tall and lanky 27-year-old, is used to the awkwardness and the occasional hostility from the encroachers. There are over 2,500 families living inside the forest which is home to elephants, sambhars and several other species. The sanctuary is close to the Periyar Tiger Reserve on the other side of the border, in Kerala. Angles is a trained pilot but decided to pursue his interest in wildlife and set up an NGO, the Wildlife Foundation of India (WFI), which fights poaching in these parts. The WFI helps forest department officials by patrolling the outer limits of the sanctuary.
Since he started working in the forest, Angles and his team have apprehended over 30 poachers who had killed sambhars, wild boars and other animals. For years, Angles has been interacting with the locals to dissuade them from hunting inside the forest. Most of the encroachers come from neighbouring areas and are said to enjoy political patronage. They apparently rent out their homes in the town, move to the forest and make money selling forest produce and by hunting.
The poachers hunt sambhar and wild boar meat for income while smaller game such as rabbits are for consumption. Despite talking to them for many years, Angles has not been able to make them give up hunting. Instead, Angles and his team now face death threats from the poachers. In fact, one of his men was beaten up with lathis when they tried to stop a poacher last month.
In recent times, Angles changed his strategy and decided to centre his campaigns around a more common species that is hunted in the forest and in the nearby towns: bats.
Bats do not enjoy legislative protection and have been classified as vermin as per Indian laws. But in recent times, scientists and governments the world over are trying to understand the mammal better after it was identified as a carrier of several zoonotic diseases — a jargon for diseases that spread from animals to human beings. The fruit bat has gained an ominous reputation recently, having been identified as the carrier of the Ebola virus, which has killed over 4,500 people so far, mostly in West Africa.
Spreading Awareness
The forest department and government agencies spare little thought to the hunting of bats in India, more concerned that they are with the well-being of tigers and other endangered species. However, globally, the bat has become a symbol of the dangers of following a development model that causes deforestation.
According to virologists, Ebola is suspected to have been caused by virus-carrying fruit bats that moved closer to human habitations after their habitat was fragmented by deforestation. Turbulent fluctuations in climate have also been a factor in the bats becoming carriers of the pandemic. Mining has been identified as one of the prime reasons behind climate change in affected countries such as Congo, Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia. Until the pandemic broke out, there was no definitive evidence of the consequence of deforestation for mankind. Post-Ebola, the significance of ecological conservation is being revisited with fervour in developed countries, though they have not been as affected by the pandemic as Africa.
International newspapers such as The Washington Post, The New York Times and The Guardian as well as Al Jazeera's website have published articles exploring how deforestation and climate change were major causes for the bats to turn carriers. Some of their articles specifically blamed mining and overexploitation of the jungle in, for instance, Sierra Leone as the main reason behind the pandemic. Hunting bats and consuming them are common among the rural poor in several parts of India, including certain districts in Kerala, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Nagaland and the Andaman & Nicobar Islands.
Though India is far removed from the Ebola catastrophe, wildlife activist Angles feels that it would be important to communicate the possibility of bat consumption in the Meghamalai forest triggering a similar pandemic. Bush meat hunting, the most significant activity that triggered the spreading of the disease to humans, is rampant in the forest and Angles became concerned that the poachers and the encroachers need to be warned about the illeffects of eating game meat, especially bats. Angles decided to use the dreaded disease as a campaign tool against poaching and found that the local people actually listen to him when he asks them not to shoot or consume bats.

World leaders vow to  extinguish  Ebola epidemicYou are here: Home > Collections > Disease
World leaders vow to 'extinguish' Ebola
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 02.02AM IST
Tags:
Annick Girardin
(The world's most powerful…)
BRISBANE: The world's most powerful economies vowed on Saturday to "extinguish" the Ebola epidemic ravaging west Africa, as the vast desert nation of Mali scrambled to prevent a new outbreak of the killer disease.
Despite some hopeful signs from Africa -- where Liberia has lifted its state of emergency and the DR Congo announced the end of its own, unrelated, outbreak of Ebola -- the recent deaths of three people in Mali have fuelled fears of a new hotspot.
As pop stars recorded a new "Band Aid" single in London to help combat a disease that has killed more than 5,100 people in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, global leaders meeting in Brisbane made no new pledges of cash.
"G20 members are committed to do what is necessary to ensure the international effort can extinguish the outbreak and address its medium-term economic and humanitarian costs," the leaders said in a statement, as they welcomed the International Monetary Fund's initiative to release $300 million (240 million euros) to combat Ebola.
They also promised to share best practices on protecting health workers on the frontline, as a Sierra Leone doctor with US residency was flown to be treated at the Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha.
Described as "critically ill", Martin Salia will be the third Ebola patient treated at the facility. Both others survived.
"We immediately started preparing the unit and notifying staff members of this possibility," said Phil Smith , medical director of the bio-containment unit.
"We've obviously been through this a couple of times before, so we know what to expect."
The G20 pledge came as Togo, which is coordinating the west African fight, warned that the world "cannot relax efforts" despite some encouraging signals on the ground.
Senegal said Friday it was reopening its air and sea borders with Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, although its land border with Guinea will remain closed. The news came a day after Liberia lifted its state of emergency, announcing huge gains in fighting Ebola.
The Democratic Republic of Congo -- where a three-month outbreak of a different strain of the disease claimed at least 49 lives since August -- declared itself Ebola-free on Saturday.
But attention has now turned to Mali where there are fears that an isolated outbreak could spark a major crisis after the deaths from Ebola of three people infected by a Guinean imam who died of the disease.
A fourth person, a doctor at the Bamako clinic where the cleric died, is in intensive care with Ebola. More than 250 people have been placed under observation.
Former colonial power France added Bamako to its list of destinations subject to Ebola flight checks, and its development minister, Annick Girardin , was to make an unscheduled visit to Mali on Saturday.
"The situation in Mali is worrying," she told AFP in the Guinean capital Conakry, saying she would "meet the Malian authorities to see how we can scale things up."
There is no known cure for Ebola, one of the deadliest known pathogens which spreads through contact with bodily fluids, but trials for several possible treatments were announced this week in west Africa and Canada.
The World Health Organization said Friday that 5,177 people are known to have died of Ebola across eight countries, out of a total 14,413 cases of infection, since December 2013.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urged "G20 countries to step up", warning that Ebola's disrupting effect on farming could potentially spark a food crisis for a million people.
"As rates decline in one area, they are rising in others. Transmission continues to outpace the response from the international community," Ban told reporters.
A joint petition from aid groups including Oxfam and Save the Children urged the G20 to band together to ensure that the right resources are made available in terms of staff, equipment and funding.
Artists including One Direction, U2 frontman Bono, Coldplay's Chris Martin and Sinead O'Connor were set to record late into the night for a 30th anniversary version of the charity single "Do They Know It's Christmas?".
"It's not just about what's happening in west Africa, it could happen here tomorrow," said rocker-turned-activist Bob Geldof , one of the forces behind the original Band Aid.
"We can stop this thing, we can allow mothers no matter where they are to be able to touch their dying children."
Making his way into the studio, Bono hit out at the response of rich countries, saying if they "kept the promises they make at these big G8 meetings and the like we wouldn't have to be standing here."
Set to air on Sunday before its official release Monday, the single will be the fourth incarnation of the song, which became one of the biggest-selling singles ever after its release in 1984 to raise funds for Ethiopian famine relief.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A look at treatment of Ebola in the US by numbersA look at Ebola treatment in the US by numbers
AP Nov 15, 2014, 08.36PM IST
Tags:
Ebola
OMAHA: When Dr. Martin Salia arrives in Omaha from Sierra Leone, he'll be the 10th person with Ebola to receive treatment in the US.
The surgeon was heading on Saturday to the Nebraska Medical Center and was expected to arrive in Omaha at around 2 p.m. The 44-year-old Salia is a Sierra Leone citizen and a permanent resident of the US, where he lives in Maryland.
He had been working at Kissy United Methodist Hospital in the Sierra Leone capital of Freetown when he fell ill. Last Monday, Salia tested positive for Ebola, which has killed more than 5,000 people and infected more than 14,000 in West Africa.
His wife, Isatu Salia, said on Friday afternoon that she had spoken with her husband by phone earlier in the day and that he sounded weak but lucid and understood what was going on.
A look at Ebola treatment in the US by the numbers:
NINE:
Nine people with Ebola have received medical treatment in the United States, many of them aid workers. The first, Dr. Kent Brantly, returned to the US in early August. The latest, Dr. Craig Spencer, left a New York City hospital on Tuesday. He fell ill with Ebola after returning from West Africa.
FIVE:
Five of the nine people treated in the United States were, like Salia, diagnosed with Ebola in West Africa and flown to the United States. They include three doctors, a medical aid worker and man who worked as a video journalist. The other four were diagnosed in the United States.
FOUR:
Four US hospitals have specialized treatment units for people with highly infectious diseases, including the largest one at the Nebraska Medical Center in Omaha. The others are at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, the National Institutes of Health near Washington and St. Patrick Hospital in Missoula, Montana.
Salia will be the third at the Omaha hospital; the Montana unit is the only one that hasn't been used yet for an Ebola patient.
TWO:
Two cases of Ebola have originated in the United States. Two Dallas nurses - Nina Pham and Amber Vinson - were infected while caring for a Liberian man sick with the disease. Both of the nurses have recovered.
ONE:
There has been only one Ebola death in the United States. Thomas Eric Duncan became sick days after arriving in Dallas from Liberia. He went to the emergency room at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital but was sent home, which the hospital has acknowledged was a mistake. He returned a few days later, was diagnosed with Ebola and died Oct. 8.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gujarat s compulsory voting: Is it a good idea(With this, an act that conventional…)
By Prerna Katiyar & Vishal Dutta
The Gujarat government on November 7 passed the Gujarat Local Authorities Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2009, making voting mandatory in local body elections. With this, an act that conventional wisdom in the country presumes is voluntary will henceforth invite adjudication in case of abstention.
Abstention, for many voters, will doubtless invite disapproval and condemnation from several quarters, particularly those that give the phrase 'politically-correct' a new dimension. Yet, the fact is it is as valid an electoral choice as any other in a democracy, including None of the Above, or NOTA, the closest option an individual has to express his/her apathy or displeasure towards the politicians or politics. "Freedom of expression in a democracy and compulsion don't go together," says former chief election commissioner (CEC) SY Quraishi.
In a political setup in which members of parliament have the right not to vote for any bill by two ways — by abstention or by being present and yet deciding not to vote — experts are questioning why can't ordinary people have the same right. "Voting is all about an individual's free will. It is a bad idea to make voting compulsory," says Supreme Court advocate Siddharth Dave.
The government in Gujarat, where elections to the local bodies are due in October 2015, has a different take.
Nitin Patel, the state road and building minister who tabled the Bill in the Gujarat Assembly and spokesperson of the Gujarat government, feels the purpose of the Bill is to bring more responsibility amongst citizens toward their local bodies. "More participation will ensure that good people come to the power at the local level." Nice thought, but will it work?
"Even if one decides to charge a token `1 from defaulters, do we have the level of strength, the infrastructure and the workforce to prosecute people in lakhs if not crores," asks Quraishi. According to the former CEC, Australia — one of the democracies with a law on compulsory voting — spends $5,000 on each defaulter against a fine of $50 fine imposed for not voting.
Globally, more than 22 countries have had legislation on compulsory voting while only 11 enforce it. Countries like Chile, Fiji, the Netherlands and Venezuela have abandoned compulsory voting.
  People's Empowerment?
The reactions from Gujarat are predictably mixed. There are those who feel the Gujarat government's move on compulsory voting would help the people in the long run. Says Deepika Shah, a young executive who works in Ahmedabad: "There are a lot of unwanted elements who have entered local bodies such as the municipalities. With more participation, it may help to kick them out and bring deserving candidates to manage the municipality." Ramanbhai Bharward, an industrial worker at Vatva Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation, has his concerns. "Voting day for local bodies is not a holiday.
If the government has decided to make voting compulsory, it should also declare a holiday for industries on the day." Elections in countries where voting is mandatory is a prolonged affair and not a one-day event. The US has elections spread over 15 days. Section 79(d) of Representation of the People Act states that the electoral right of people includes the right to vote as well as the right to refrain from voting. "The defining character of any democracy is that people have the right to choose — as well as the right not to choose," says Jagdeep Chhokar of Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), a body working on electoral and political reforms with the tagline praja hi prabhu hai (the citizens are the Gods).
Experts feel that emanating from Gujarat, this piece of legislation may well be a pilot project, with an eye on countrywide implementation. "Making voting compulsory is a move towards a totalitarian society. It can be used as a tool to nail people with different political ideologies to settle political scores. It's a regressive step," says Dave. The Bill was returned twice by former governor Kamla Beniwal when prime minister Narendra Modi was chief minister, on the grounds that forcing voters to vote is against the principles of an individual's liberty.
Alternative Means

Left parties plans series of protests against government policiesLeft parties plans series of protests against government policies
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 10.35AM IST
Tags:
FDI
(Growing communal menace,…)
NEW DELHI: CPI(M) will take to the streets to protest the "dilution" of the rural employment guarantee scheme later this month as a precursor to nationwide agitation by all Left parties in December against the Narendra Modi government's "anti-people" policies.
With new entrants like CPI(ML)- Liberation and Socialist Unity Centre of India (Communist) joining the four Left parties at the centre, several other parties and groups in states like West Bengal and Punjab, have recently united for holding week-long protests from December 8-14 in different parts of the country.
It is also significant that the Left parties are gradually coming together in states to contest elections jointly as was recently witnessed in Bihar where CPI(M) and CPI aligned with CPI(ML)-Liberation.
The issues to be highlighted in the December protests include government's moves to "dilute" labour laws, price rise, "exorbitant" prices of essential medicines, against hike in FDI in insurance and unearthing of black money.
Growing communal menace, the "so-called 'love jihad' hate campaign" and other forms of communal propaganda, besides atrocities against women , Dalits and downtrodden sections would also highlighted in the week-long campaign.
On November 26, CPI(M) would organise a day-long sit-in here to protest against government's moves to "dilute" the national rural employment guarantee scheme, which would be led by Tripura Chief Minister Manik Sarkar .
The government has itself acknowledged in its official statistics that Tripura has been the best performing state on MGNREGA but its allocations have been "arbitrarily and drastically" slashed by the Modi government, CPI(M) has said.
The number of workdays has already come down due to lack of funds, directly affecting the livelihood and family incomes of thousands of job card holders, the Scheduled Tribes and Scheduled Castes and other sections of the rural poor who have been the beneficiaries, it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maha: Winter Session to see if friends-turned-foes remain alliesMaharashtra
(This is in spite of the fact…)
NEW DELHI: The winter session of Parliament beginning next week is expected to see whether the friends- turned-foes in Maharashtra would remain allies at the Centre.
Shiv Sena, which has been the oldest ideological ally of the BJP, is sitting in the Opposition benches in Maharashtra while its nominee is part of the Narendra Modi Cabinet in New Delhi.
Interestingly, ahead of the Parliament session, Sharad Pawar's NCP has become a strange bedfellow of BJP in Maharashtra while being the second largest constituent of Congress-led UPA in Delhi.
"We have not taken a decision about our future course of action. There have been some issues of discord. We have differences of opinion on some matters," Shiv Sena spokesman and leader of the party in Rajya Sabha Sanjay Raut told PTI.
A tussle appeared to be on in Shiv Sena on the course to be adopted with a section still seeking sharing of power with BJP while another wanting the party to play the role of the opposition.
This is in spite of the fact that the way the Devendra Fadnavis government secured trust vote in the Maharashtra Assembly has widened the gap between BJP and Shiv Sena.
A section in the BJP is also uncomfortable due to the support from NCP which the Prime Minister himself had dubbed during the Assembly election campaign as a "Naturally Corrupt Party". This section feels that the BJP will have to pay heavily if it takes support of NCP in Maharashtra.
On the other hand, Pawar while extending his support to BJP beyond Maharashtra Legislature took a broom in his hands two days back in a gesture signaling a new found bonhomie between the two parties.
On Friday, Pawar, accompanied by his family members including his daughter and MP Supriya Sule, former Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar besides party general secretary D P Tripathi, swept a road in his hometown Baramati in full glare of cameras.
The action seemed to drive home the message of 'Swachh Bharat' campaign of the Modi-led NDA government.
However, in an effort to stamp NCP's distinct identity in the drive, Pawar had, in a press conference held in Pune a few days back, had announced that his party activists would undertake the cleanliness drive in view of the rampant dengue cases in Maharashtra.
In New Delhi, NCP has scotched speculation and has decided to attend the two-day international conference of Congress on Jawaharlal Nehru beginning from tomorrow.
Pawar has asked Tripathi to attend the event and the NCP general secretary has already intimated Congress President Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmed Patel in this regard.
Congress has not invited Prime Minister Narendra Modi or any other other BJP leader for the conference it is organising to mark the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru, joining the battle with Modi, who it accuses of trying to appropriate freedom movement leaders.
Though party chief Sonia Gandhi had extended the invitation to Pawar, Congress was in double mind over the issue after NCP extended support to the BJP during trust vote in Maharashtra.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How  Make in India  aims to revive manufacturingAdi Godrej
( That pulse has of course…)
Since the second half of 2014, Indian CEOs have almost magically transformed into an upbeat and zealous lot, spotting along with hope on the nottoo-distant horizon those inevitable green shoots sprouting on what at the beginning of the year resembled distinctly parched land.
In line with that bubbly and breezy mood are the results of an online survey of a little over 100 head honchos of India Inc conducted jointly by industry lobby CII and the Boston Consulting Group (BCG), and whose results were released a couple of days ago. In their own words, "the CII-BCG Manufacturing Leadership Survey 2014 was launched to gauge the pulse of industry leaders on the current scenario and future prospects for the Indian manufacturing sector". That pulse has of course quickened since the Narendra Modi sarkar picked up the reins, and on it are the fingers of moneybag investors, both foreign and Indian. The survey for its part displayed in abundance the optimism of domestic CEOs: for instance, 85% of those surveyed expect manufacturing growth of between 5% and 10% in the next five years (against 3.4% in the past five).
That's the headline number. But it gets better. One of the posers shot at the corporate chieftains was what would they like Indian manufacturing to be known for by 2020. The options: The 'next Germany' (most preferred for top-quality manufacturing), the 'next China' (most preferred for low-cost manufacturing), global leader in low-cost innovation, or jugaad, or tech and process leader in select manufacturing sectors, like Thailand.
New-found Ambition
The most popular answer was not unpredictably a reflection of the new-found ambition and optimism — a year ago if CEOs said they expect India to be the next Germany in six to seven years, they would have been considered delusive, and would even be in real danger of getting the boot; not any longer. All of 37% of those surveyed want India to be known as the next Germany; only 21% wanted India to usurp China's position as a low-cost manufacturing hub; and best of all, less than a fifth reckoned India should pursue the path of jugaad.
The confidence that India Inc exudes — and which is captured succinctly by the CII-BCG survey — stems to a large extent from an initiative
prime minister Modi announced from the ramparts of Red Fort on Independence Day: Make in India, a programme that aims to boost investments and encourage innovation by creating world-class manufacturing infrastructure and making it easier to do business in transparent and credit-friendly environs. And, yes, if India has to get there, jugaad has to go out of the window.
In the next few months, the government will roll out the Make in India campaign state by state, following a hub and spoke model (the hub being Delhi). Each state would be accorded a sector that it has earned its spurs in. For instance, automobiles could well be the focus sector in Tamil Nadu (home to factories of Ashok Leyland, Ford, Nissan and Hyundai, amongst others) or Haryana (Hero MotoCorp, Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India and Maruti Suzuki). "The challenge is to make this manufacturing campaign exciting. As we go to the states, the campaign will be blended with cultural and other entertainment programmes so that the locals get on board," says a team member working on the campaign on the condition of anonymity.
Also, roadshows are being planned in 12 industrial towns, including Coimbatore, Pune and Indore. Here, the focus would be to woo small and medium enter-prises (SMEs). As ET Magazine has learnt, there will be a special effort to spot "smart makers". The idea, according to the plan, is to motivate young people to turn manufacturers. "The next generation of factory owners are well-educated but they are moving away from their fathers' or grandfathers' factories. Our aim will be to bring them back to manufacturing," says the team member.
The lion symbol, which Modi himself chose for its tenacity and courage, is also being developed for language markets in India and abroad. The symbol will remain the same, but local fonts — both Indian and foreign languages — would be used for the words Make in India. So, in Japan, it would be in Japanese and in Germany, it will be in German.
"In Make in India, there is a huge emphasis on quality and sustainability. While India has been a reluctant manufacturing nation and a late urbanizer, there are huge advantages. We can today learn from the rest of the world, use the latest technology and leapfrog," says Amitabh Kant, secretary, department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP), the nodal government agency managing the Make in India campaign (see This is just the beginning).
  The Challenges

How big data and  Internet of Things  are helping manufacturingYou are here: Home > Collections > Internet
How big data and 'Internet of Things' is helping manufacturing sector
Nov 14, 2014, 06.24PM IST
(While manufacturers realize…)
By Satish N Jadhav, Director - IoT - Embedded Sales Group, Intel South Asia
Big Data and the Internet of Things (IoT) is revolutionizing the world around us - from the medical care we receive to the way retailers market to us - but how is the manufacturing industry benefitting from it?
Large manufacturers have been analyzing data to optimize production and processes for many years to drive performance. However, the sheer volume, variety and velocity of data being generated today - along with the new business intelligence tools available - has the potential to deliver even bigger financial and productivity gains in India, Asia- Pacific and across the globe.
By 2015, more than 15 billion devices will be connected to the Internet, generating a new (and bigger) wave of big data in industries such as manufacturing automation, energy and transportation, according to research firm International Data Corp. (IDC). Information technology companies are readying to tap the big data market globally as well as in India where the market is expected to be worth $1 billion by 2015, according to Nasscom.
When combined with the opportunities generated by increasing trade between emerging markets in Asia-Pacific and Japan, it is an exciting time to be a manufacturer. India has several advantages as a manufacturing base. According to a 2014 research conducted by the Boston Consulting Group, India is gaining cost competitiveness vis-a-vis China. Today, India's index has remained relatively unchanged at 87 while China's has jumped to 97.
This sentiment is echoed by manufacturers, with many already acknowledging the value improved data analysis can unlock within their organisations, especially in supply chain processes. For instance, additional benefits of enhanced data analysis recognized by manufacturers include receiving real-time alerts (38 per cent), correlating performance data to drive efficiencies (36 per cent), and improving interactions with outside suppliers (31 per cent).
However, while manufacturers realize the value of Big Data and the Internet of Things, very few of these companies are using these to enhance operations.
Therefore, what IT changes should manufacturers look to make so they can realise the gains available, specifically when it comes to driving efficiencies on the factory floor?
IT TO INCREASE PRODUCTIVITY
The Government's investment in technology for the year 2014-15 is an estimated $26 billion comprising of investment in digitisation, infrastructural improvements, push for manufacturing and technology in healthcare and agriculture, according to latest report by market research firm Zinnov.
The five growth levers -- Digital India, India as the Innovation Hub, Next Gen Infrastructure, Enhance Ease of Doing Business, and Revive Manufacturing - will be executed by a focus on 3S - skill, scale and speed propelled by technology, the report said.
The Indian manufacturing industry presents $8 billion opportunity for the ICT sector by 2017. According to research agency IDC, IT spend in Indian manufacturing will double by 2016. IDC's Manufacturing Insight predicts the India manufacturing IT spending to grow to $8,781.8 million by 2016, which doubles the manufacturing IT spending of 2011, representing a CAGR of 14.5% between 2012 and 2016.
The sector with the highest IT spend in the Indian manufacturing sector in 2012 is automotive, which is followed by chemicals and consumer products. We are seeing increased interest in newer technologies such as business intelligence and mobile within manufacturing enterprises, as companies seek to leverage these for enhanced productivity
The Narendra Modi government's 'Make In India' campaign aims at spurring a manufacturing-led growth with more focus on the ease of doing business than on an incentive-linked investment climate. The push for manufacturing has two aims, to create jobs and lift growth. The electronic system design and manufacturing (ESDM) industry will benefit from the government's Make in India campaign and is projected to see investment proposals worth Rs10,000 crore over the next two years, according to the India Electronics and Semiconductor Association (IESA), an industry body.
 
A VIRTUAL FACTORY
Manufacturers need to implement technologies capable of bringing together multiple data sets from their various sensors and machines into a single stream. Integrating and virtualizing intelligence across the factory - including real-time and archived data - will empower manufacturers to extract new insights through a 360 degree view of performance, enabling them to optimise and secure operations, and unleash transformative services.

Why Modi government should scrap the Companies Act 2013You are here: Home > Collections > Sebi
Why Modi government should scrap the Companies Act 2013 & rewrite a new set of provisions
Nov 16, 2014, 06.04AM IST
Tags:
(PM is keen to improve India’s…)
By: Nitin Poddar
Last year, the then prime minister Manmohan Singh promised steps to bring about a reversal in the climate of pessimism with the regeneration of "animal spirits". Nothing happened while we waited and watched the government change. Now, prime minister Narendra Modi wants to create a more conducive climate for India Inc, a business-friendly environment for the world to 'Make in India'. Several initiatives are being announced aimed at erasing the negative image of India caused due to red-tapism, including an assurance by the PM to bring stability in the tax regime. That's big news for foreign investors. The PM is keen to improve India's ranking for doing business and bring it into the first 50; in the World Bank's latest report, India is placed at 142 among 189 countries, down from 140 a year earlier.
Augusto Lopez-Claros, director at the World Bank, had to rush to clarify that the drop in the ranking is in no way connected with the current political situation in India because they had used data till May 2014. Whilst the new government may fix some of the things, it is important to seriously re-look the mother of corporate laws — the Companies Act, 2013 — with an open mind.
Barring a few exceptions, like the concepts of 'one person company', 'one woman director', 'increased role of independent directors', 'provision of CSR' and 'class action', there simply is nothing new or resolute in the Act. Its 29 chapters, 470 sections and 7 schedules, when read with the prescribed rules, only create confusion and contradictions.
Provisions with regard to relatedparty transactions, holding-subsidiary relationship, loans/guarantees, borrowings/creation of security, electronic voting, scope of CSR etc, despite clarifications from the department continue to create panic and disrupt business.
Thankfully, the provisions from the Companies Act, 2013, on mergers and acquisitions (M&As) are still not being implemented and we are governed under the old Companies Act, 1956 (Com Act 56). But that too is nothing to cheer because market watchdog Sebi has already made M&As a mess with its circular dated February 4, 2012. Large M&As continue their perennial struggle because the takeover regulations cannot be read with buyback regulations nor can they be implemented along with the delisting provisions. Today, an M&A transaction may make perfect business sense but may come a cropper courtesy of various regulatory jargons within Sebi's regulations. If the process is compliant with Sebi takeover regulations, it may have a problem with the public shareholding norms. If the process is approved by the high court, minority shareholders may not approve the same. And then there are the clearances needed from the Competition Commission of India.
Today, almost all actions of listed companies are being regulated by Sebi — from issuance of shares to buyback and delisting of securities, from holding shareholders/board meetings to exercise of voting rights and the role of independent directors. The day is not far when minority shareholders will be entitled to veto all major decisions. And the promoter will continue to enjoy the preferred status of being a 'target' rightly or wrongly. Lastly, how can we overlook the frequent instances where entire boards of Indian companies get embroiled in Section 138 notices and court cases under labour and environmental laws? It's almost as if doing business is a heinous crime.
  Wooing FDI
On the FDI front, the less said the better. For the past two decades we may have issued tonnes of press notes/guidelines and clarifications, but we still struggle when it comes to the classification of 'FDI'. The only respite is the end of the struggle in fixing the exit price to non-resident investors by the Reserve Bank and the assurance by the finance minister that retrospective tax laws will be done away with. However, apprehensions are that the latest decision of the incometax department against the Royal Dutch Shell Plc and Vodafone Group Plc on account of alleged undervaluation of shares issued by their Indian arms may only lead to similar demands on account of transfer pricing.
Thankfully the Bombay High Court has rightly held that a transaction related to issuance of shares by an Indian company to its overseas parent is not subject to arm's-length price test under the Indian transfer pricing. Hopefully good counsel shall prevail and the I-T department will accept the decision in good spirit. We all know how the recent approach of the I-T department has negatively impacted FDI flows and is making the situation only worse for existing MNCs operating in India.
In 1991 when we opened the economy to FDI, no changes were made to the Companies Act 1956. Today, we have a whole new Companies Act that cannot be meaningfully interpreted or purposefully implemented. India must be the only country in the world where two sets of company acts are currently in operation. Although we have implemented the new Act, major M&A transactions are being governed under the Com Act 56. Let's be bold to scrap Com Act 13 in its entirety and rewrite a new set of provisions in the next one year. Till then there is no harm in going back to the old Com Act 56, which is, if nothing else, time-tested.
The writer is M&A Partner at J Sagar Associates; views expressed are personal
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jayalalithaa faces a saffron challenge in Tamil NaduAIADMK's Jayalalithaa faces a saffron challenge as RSS firms its roots in Tamil Nadu
Nov 16, 2014, 10.41AM IST
Tags:
(The surge in Tamil Nadu is…)
By Sandhya Ravishankar
It was a dusty, muggy Sunday, the 9th of November. Tamil Nadu was witness to an unusual sight — thousands of men, clad in white shirts, khakhi shorts and black caps lined up on the streets of major cities and towns silently. Barely had the procession begun, when the police swung into action. At the end of its crackdown, 24,000 workers of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), the organization that is the fount of Hindu nationalism in India, were arrested across the state.
The Tamil Nadu police drew on a little-used clause in Section 41A of the Chennai City Police Act, 1888, to round up the RSS volunteers who had gathered to mark their Founder's Day. The clause states that the commissioner of police has the power to prohibit drill training or assembly of persons bearing arms and wearing the uniform of any police or security force of the Union.
But two days earlier, on November 7, the Madras High Court had passed orders on this very same clause, ruling in favour of the RSS. The court had actually directed the Tamil Nadu police to permit the RSS to hold its procession and public meetings, observing that the uniform worn by the RSS workers did not resemble that of any armed forces in the country as no force today wears "half-trousers".
"When the court itself had allowed the procession, how can the police stop us?" asks Sadagopan Narayanan, media coordinator for the RSS in Tamil Nadu. "Is the police a bigger authority than the court? The state government is behind this," he says.
The march that never was is the latest example of an acrimonious political contest between the RSS and the ruling AIADMK. Narayanan blamed the government for stopping the march, but he made no bones of who was really responsible.
A Resurgent Saffron
"Jayalalithaa is scared of the RSS," smirks Narayanan. He was referring to AIADMK supremo J Jayalalithaa, who had to step down as chief minister after her conviction in a graft case. It is an open secret that she continues to rule by proxy despite the setback.
"Since 1940, we have been conducting our route marches peacefully across the state. But since she [ Jayalalithaa] came to power in 2011, the police have not allowed us to hold even a small procession citing law and order problems," he says.
  The comment is uncharacteristic coming from a Hindu nationalist organization because it is directed at the poster girl of upper caste Hindus in the state. Jayalalithaa was born a Brahmin and has long been accused by political adversaries of pandering to the 'caste Hindu' votebank. It is also illuminating — of the confidence gained by the saffron brigade in a state deeply enmeshed in Dravidian politics.
Post Narendra Modi's win at the Centre, interest in the RSS has spiked in Tamil Nadu. "Two years ago, we started the website www.rss.org to encourage people to reach out to us," says Narayanan. "On a good day, we used to get five expressions of interest. In the past year, the number has risen to 25," he says, adding that the number of requests shoots up to 50 during weekends.
The number of shakhas, or branches, too has seen a spurt (see The RSS in Tamil Nadu). The Tamil Nadu numbers may pale in comparison with neighbouring states; Kerala, for example, has 4,600 shakhas and Karnataka nearly 3,000. But the surge in Tamil Nadu is the clearest sign yet that thrust and focus by the RSS leadership on gaining ground in the southern states is paying off.
"We believe that patriotism and spirituality had been prevalent for many decades in Tamil Nadu," says R Vanniyarajan, south zone president for the RSS, who is in charge of Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Puducherry. "We see rich potential in the villages of Tamil Nadu and Kerala," he says.
RSS vs AIADMK
Indeed, the RSS is fanning out across Tamil Nadu as it attempts to build its base for the first time. The reception is far from lukewarm. Take for instance, the RSS' propaganda magazine in Tamil, Hindu Sangha Seidhi. In the past year alone, 40,000 more copies are being printed due to a surge in demand.
In urban areas, the RSS has set its sights on slums. Two years ago, a team of 108 sannyasis (saints) was deployed to visit temples inside slums and perform pujas. "We want to tell Hindus that we are for them," says Narayanan. "Dravidian parties have divided Hindus on the basis of caste for political gains. There is no caste or untouchability amongst Hindus," he says.
Last year alone, the RSS workers visited 18 lakh households in slums and villages in the state and gave offerings of tamboolam (betel nuts and leaves with a banana) along with a one-rupee coin on the auspicious occasion of the first day of the Tamil month of Chithirai, the Tamil New Year.

Modi govt plans to extend  Udaan  scheme to J&K s small townsYou are here: Home > Collections
Government plans to extend 'Udaan' scheme to small towns in Jammu & Kashmir
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 01.19PM IST
Tags:
C Rangarajan
(The scheme has already helped…)
NEW DELHI: The Centre is planning to extend " Udaan ", a special scheme launched to help youths from Jammu and Kashmir to get jobs in top companies, to smaller towns in the state as not too many from the two main cities are willing to take up offers due to low entry-level pay.
As part of a new policy, to be launched after the forthcoming Assembly elections, companies will be encouraged to go beyond Jammu and Srinagar cities and even remote locations in the state to organise employment camps and hire locals.
The fresh attempt will be initiated after a study has shown that youths from Jammu and Srinagar are averse to taking up corporate jobs in metros as the initial remuneration is just Rs 20,000-Rs 25,000 per month.
"Youths living in cities like Srinagar and Jammu are not keen to leave the state for Rs 20,000 or Rs 25,000 as there are avenues where they can earn that much by staying at home. But the situation may not be the same for someone living in Anantnag or Baramulla or a small village," a Home Ministry official said.
Based on the recommendations of the Expert Group constituted by the Prime Minister under the Chairmanship of C Rangarajan , the Centre launched the scheme Special Industry Initiative for Jammu and Kashmir "Udaan" in 2013 in the nature of partnership between the corporates and Ministry of Home Affairs.
The scheme is being implemented by National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC). The programme aims at providing the skill and enhancing the employability of 40,000 unemployed youths of the state who are graduates.
According to the scheme, the identified companies will screen and select students from the state. The duration, place and nature of training will be decided by the company after considering the profile of the candidates and their skill gap.
After completion of the training, the company will take necessary measures for placement of the trainees in association with NSDC.
The scheme has already helped provide jobs to 1,785 youths from Jammu and Kashmir with companies including Accenture, Tata Consultancy Services and Wipro, the official said.
Nearly 5,300 youth of the state are currently under training with various corporates.
More than 54 companies have already committed to train nearly 68,738 graduates and post-graduates in Jammu and Kashmir over the next four-five years and later offer them jobs as well if they fit the bill.
The cost of the training, boarding and lodging, is borne by the central government. If a candidate is selected for a job after completing training, the government reimburses the training cost to the company.
Companies which have tied up with the Centre to train youths in Jammu and Kashmir over the next few years also include Bharti Infratel Limited, TENVIC, a division of Anil Kumble Sports Promotion; Fidelis Corporate Solutions; MTC Mount Talent Consulting; and Manpower Group, the world leader in innovative work solutions.
Yes Bank, Religare and public sector units including NTPC, BSNL, ONGC, HAL and BHEL are among other companies that have committed to train the youths for corporate jobs in metros.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP president Amit Shah to prepare game plan for Delhi pollsAmit Shah
(BJP chief Amit Shah…)
NEW DELHI: BJP chief Amit Shah will directly monitor the preparations for upcoming assembly elections in the city. Delhi BJP will form a 100-member team to oversee preparations at the grassroots. A workshop will be held on November 18 where Shah will interact with the team members and explain them about the work to be done. BJP, which has been out of power in Delhi for nearly 16 years, is utilizing all its resources to ensure the party's victory in the polls.
Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay and state in-charge Prabhat Jha have been asked to finalize the 100-member team within the next few days.This time, the party has intensified its activities in areas, which are not its strongholds."The BJP chief will hold a workshop for the team that will monitor election preparations at the booth-level. There are 2,700 polling stations in Delhi and each member will be given charge of 27 booths.From voter registration, membership drive to execution of election campaign, the team will take care of every aspect of election preparations.The team will also submit weekly progress reports that will be sent to Shah,'' said a senior BJP member.
In a meeting on Friday morning, Upadhyay directed all office-bearers to intensify the membership drive in their respective areas. At present, Upadhyay and Jha are holding parliamentary constituency-level meetings. The party is planning a large meeting of party workers in the next few days.
Sources say senior BJP leaders, Union ministers and all members of Parliament will campaign in the city starting from December 1. "This time, we will intensify the campaign at the grass-root level. Our workers are physically meeting voters and checking whether their name is there in the list or not. All MPs will hold meetings at mandal and district level. BJP chief will personally monitor the election campaign as winning Delhi elections is very important for the party ," said a senior BJP functionary . According to senior members, BJP's defeat in the strongholds such as Shalimar Bagh, Model Town, Shakur Basti etc in 2013 assembly polls had cost the party dearly as it couldn't form the government in the state. "We couldn't form the government as we were short of four seats. We lost some of our strongholds, but this time we have set our target at 60,'' said Upadhyay .
The party has set Mission 60-plus as its target for the upcoming assembly elections.BJP leaders say the party had got a lead on 60 seats during the Lok Sabha elections. It regained most of the assembly constituencies in Lok Sabha polls, which it had lost during assembly polls. "Now, we want to maintain that lead. With Amit Shah directly monitoring the campaign, the party is likely to cross the 60 mark,'' said another BJP functionary.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SEBI helps US regulator bust social media investment scamNew Delhi/Washington, November 16, 2014
Updated: November 16, 2014 13:30 IST
SEBI helps US regulator bust social media investment scam
PTI
company information
In one of the biggest cross-border regulatory cooperation, markets watchdog SEBI has helped its counterpart in the US bust a major investment scam being run through online social media platforms.
The ‘Profit Paradise’ scam was being run by two Indians — one based in Mumbai and another in Hyderabad — in the name of a ‘High Yield Investment Product (HYIP)’ wherein gullible investors were being enticed through pervasive social media pitches on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus and YouTube.
Such FYIP schemes have become very popular on various online platforms, wherein the operators solicit investments in securities, but most of them have turned to be yet another frontier for defrauding gullible investors in name of high and quick returns.
In the latest case, the operators of ‘Profit Paradise’ were inviting investors to deposit funds that would supposedly be pooled with other investors’ funds to make “huge profits” in Forex, stocks, and commodity trading.
Although operating from India, they disguised Profits Paradise’s physical location by providing the false Internet data, indicating that Profit Paradise’s operations were within the United States when they were not.
While probing the case, the US markets regulator SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission) sought assistance from its peers in India, Canada and Hong Kong.
After completing the probe and announcing charges against the two Indians, Pankaj Srivastava and Nataraj Kavuri, SEC said it “appreciates the assistance of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as well as the Autorite des Marches Financiers in Quebec, the Ontario Securities Commission, and the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong.”
The case is being seen as one of the biggest in terms of cross-border cooperation among regulators to crack down on illicit investment schemes.
Both SEBI and SEC are members of International Organisation of Securities Commission (IOSCO), an international policy forum for securities regulators that also sets global standards for securities regulation.
SEBI and SEC are also signatory to the IOSCO MMoU which represents a common understanding amongst its signatories about how they will consult, cooperate, and exchange information for capital market enforcement purposes. The MMoU sets an international benchmark for cross-border co-operation.
In the present case also, SEBI extended all necessary assistance to the SEC within the framework of IOSCO-MMoU.
As per latest available data, SEBI received as many as 94 requests from overseas securities regulators for information during 2013-14 — more than double of what it had got in each of the two preceding fiscal years.
SEBI had received 40 requests from foreign peers in 2012-13, while it had got 37 requests in 2011-12.
At the same time, SEBI made 17 requests to capital markets regulators in other countries for information in 2013-14 as against 9 requests in the previous financial year.
This is the highest number of requests sent out by the Indian market watchdog since 2011-12.
The capital market regulator had sent out 9 requests each for regulatory assistance in 2011-12 and 2012-13 to foreign securities market watchdogs.
SEBI has in place a robust system for information sharing and coordination with foreign regulators to nab manipulators and fraudsters operating across boundaries in a globalised world.
In 2003, SEBI had signed the International Organisation of Securities Commissions (IOSCO) multi-lateral memorandum of understanding (MMoU) for mutual assistance on enforcement and compliance of regulations with several countries including Securities Exchange Commission of US.
One of the IOSCO principles require the regulators to establish information sharing mechanisms, which set out when and how they will share both public and non-public information with their domestic and foreign counterparts.
“As a crucial part of its commitment towards the IOSCO MMoU concerning consultation and cooperation and the exchange of information, to which SEBI has been a signatory since April 2003, Sebi provides cooperation and facilitates exchange in other jurisdictions,” the market regulator said in its latest annual report for the year 2013-14.
In the Profit Paradise case, SEC has charged Pankaj Srivastava and Nataraj Kavuri of offering “guaranteed” daily profits by anonymously soliciting investments for their purported investment management company.
The SEC has charged that the guaranteed returns were false, and that the investments being offered bore the hallmark of a fraudulent high-yield investment program.
Mr. Srivastava and Mr. Kavuri attempted to conceal their identities by supplying a fictitious name and contact information when registering Profits Paradise’s website address. They also communicated under the fake names of ‘Paul Allen’ and ‘Nathan Jones.’
After the SEC began its investigation into the investment offering, the Profits Paradise website was discontinued.

Importance of G20 meet & possible takeaways for India(Advanced economies apart…)
By Sreeram Chaulia
The ninth summit of the G20 group of major economies in Brisbane, Australia, is a meeting ground for politicians that matter at a moment when the world is struggling to move past the economic crisis which began six years ago.
Heads of governments convening in Brisbane have the challenge of a lifetime on their hands. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has downgraded economic growth projections for both advanced and emerging markets, forecasting gloomy "clouds", "uncertainties" and unresolved "legacies" from the crash of 2008.
Advanced economies apart from the European Union (EU) are staring at just 2.35% growth next year while the austerity-laden EU is expected to wobble at 1.76%. The ray of hope lies in some emerging market economies (EMEs) such as China, India and Indonesia which are tipped with a collective average growth of 6.63% in 2015. But with other EMEs in a shambles, the G20 summit features a chastened bunch of world leaders who are lacking in momentum and bounce due to sustained macroeconomic underperformance.
One of the intangible achievements of G20 summits is their morale-raising quality through goal-setting and problem-highlighting. When the chins are down, it helps to pat one another's backs, candidly exchange views on where we are going wrong, and pledge to do one's bit for the health of the global family. Markets and economies are psychological animals and it is only thanks to G20 summits that they get periodic assurances that leaders are not sleeping at the wheel. Since the growth funk is the most pressing concern, the 'Brisbane Action Plan' at this year's G20 summit is amalgamating more than one thousand specific policies submitted by member countries as measures to cumulatively drive world GDP up by an additional 2% in the next five years.
Need for Implementaion
Although such a laundry list conveys that each country has a road map for economic revival, these commitments tend to be high on formality and low in implementation because of their nonbinding nature. The G20's lack of an enforcement machinery and domestic political obstruction to reforms that plague individual member countries have nullified the noblest of intentions. As an institution predicated on the principles of consensus and non-hierarchical decision-making, the G20 can only move incrementally so as not to upset any single member state. Nonetheless, the Action Plan will be on the record and it can be subjected to the soft monitoring and evaluation methods that the G20 adopts to track progress inside each country.
One concrete takeaway from Brisbane, which took up much pre-summit lobbying and persuasion by the host Australia, is the establishment of a Global Infrastructure Hub in Sydney to serve as a clearing house and powwow facility for needy governments and wealthy investors to sit across the table and strike deals. In the run-up to the summit, the Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott telephoned his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi and secured the latter's consent for "innovative mechanisms" to enhance infrastructure funding.
With China unveiling its own Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) and the World Bank historically involved in this sector, India should welcome other alternative venues like Australia so as not to avoid dependence on either Western or Chinese-dictated terms. The BRICS Development Bank in Shanghai, with an Indian Governor, will of course also make its contribution to infrastructural uplift, which is the surest guarantor of GDP growth. Modi's debut at the G20 summit is armed with the confidence of an Indian GDP growth rate that promises to rise to 6.4% next year, and with the satisfaction of settling a nagging row at the World Trade Organisation (WTO) over food subsidies.
India's 'sherpa' (personal representative in the preparations for the summit) Suresh Prabhu has rightly insisted that the G20 must also direct further liberalisation of trade in services, where India has a comparative advantage and which has the potential of unlocking exponential global GDP growth far greater than the benefits of freer trade in goods.
  Unexpected Dividend
India is also gladly signing up to the G20's "aggressive approach" to check blatant tax evasion by multinationals. With the chorus for recovering black money reverberating in India, a G20-level information-sharing network to expose shell companies and tax havens can assist our cleanup act. In spite of sceptics who dismiss G20 summits as "talkfests", their unexpected dividend is a global impetus of principles and norms that can positively propel domestic economic reforms and overhauls in member countries.
India must also pursue deliverables in a couple of themes where the G20's attention is fading. The task of regulating the global financial sector and reordering international bodies like the IMF is as unfinished today as it was when the economic crisis struck in 2008. Inequalities of income and persistent unemployment have caused a huge drag-down effect on growth, evoking laments from Suresh Prabhu. India's call for focusing on the quality and content of growth sounds cliched but is essential to reiterate if the G20 is to live up to the expectations of a sullen world. Looking beyond the Brisbane summit, humane values are the most essential ingredients for reshaping the world economy during a prolonged crisis.
The writer is a professor and dean at the Jindal School of International Affairs
FEATURED ARTICLES

G-20 leaders finalize details of growth plan in BrisbaneEuropean Commission
(World leaders on Sunday…)
BRISBANE: World leaders on Sunday prepared to release details of a plan aimed at injecting life into the world's listless economy, with infrastructure investment and the lowering of trade barriers flagged as key components of the initiative.
Leaders of the world's 20 largest economies, wrapping up a two-day gathering in the Australian city of Brisbane, were hammering out the final components of a plan to boost global GDP by more than 2 percent above expected levels over the next five years, which amounts to around $2 trillion.
``That is millions of jobs and trillions of dollars in extra production,'' Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said in an address to the G-20 conference. ``Yes, we want freer trade and we will deliver it. Yes, we need more infrastructure and we will build it.''
G-20 nations, which represent 85 percent of the global economy, are under pressure to take definitive action at this year's summit, rather than simply producing a set of vague, unmeasurable goals. The International Monetary Fund has warned about a ``new mediocre'' for the world economy, putting renewed focus on the G-20's growth initiative.
The final communique, to be issued later Sunday, will be based on individual plans submitted by each G-20 country, outlining how they will achieve their contribution toward the growth target. World GDP this year is about $77 trillion.
Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey said the group's strategies include 1,000 measures that will lift infrastructure investment, increase trade and competition, cut red tape and increase employment.
``While we still face economic challenges in many parts of the world, I'm optimistic our 2 percent commitment will deliver the growth the world needs,'' Hockey said.
But rights groups such as The Civil Society 20 group, or C20, want assurances that the poor will benefit the most from the plans, estimating that the additional growth could lift 1 billion people out of poverty if it was poured into the poorest 20 percent of G-20 households.
In between official talks, leaders have taken time to enjoy a bit of Aussie culture. A photo of a smiling Abbott and Russian President Vladimir Putin standing side-by-side while holding koalas was a rare lighthearted moment in an otherwise frosty atmosphere surrounding the Russian leader's presence. Putin has come under fire from multiple leaders at the summit over the escalating conflict between Russia and Ukraine.
The leaders also enjoyed an Aussie barbecue at the state Parliament House, feasting on king prawns, oysters, lamb and pavlova, a popular meringue dessert generally served with fruit and whipped cream. Several of their spouses, meanwhile, visited a wildlife sanctuary where they, too, cuddled with koalas and fed kangaroos.
Although Abbott has sought to keep the summit tightly focused on the growth plan, he has faced pressure to add issues such as the Ebola crisis in West Africa and climate change to the agenda.
On Saturday night, the leaders issued a statement on Ebola, urging countries that haven't donated to efforts to combat the disease to do so now, and to send medical teams. The group also said researchers, regulators and drug companies needed to work harder to develop vaccines and treatments.
Outside the convention center where the summit is taking place, thousands of protesters braved a scorching heat wave and a labyrinth of roadblocks to stage rallies demanding everything from action on climate change to banning Putin from the gathering.
The protests have been largely peaceful, with only a handful of arrests. An Associated Press photojournalist saw police take two gas masks and a pocket knife out of two activists' bags before escorting them away. Knives and gas masks are on a lengthy list of banned items in the city this weekend; prohibited items also include eggs, guns, kites and reptiles.
Six thousand police officers were on duty to maintain order, many dumping bottles of water on themselves to cope with temperatures that are expected to reach 40 degrees Celsius (104 degrees Fahrenheit) on Sunday.
Tax avoidance by big, multinational companies was expected to be high on the agenda, particularly in light of the recent leak of documents suggesting that hundreds of big companies such as Pepsi and IKEA had organized tax-lowering deals with Luxembourg.
The tiny European nation's neighbors reacted angrily to the news, noting that they have had to impose harsh austerity measures on their own citizens to keep government budgets afloat following the global recession.
On Saturday, Jean-Claude Juncker , two weeks into his new job as European Commission president, faced tough questioning about his tax record as prime minister of Luxembourg for 18 years.
During a news conference on the sidelines of the G-20, he was grilled about whether Luxembourg was guilty of ``picking people's pockets'' while he was the nation's leader, and asked whether he could be considered a credible representative of the European Union on the issue of tax avoidance, given his ties to Luxembourg.
Juncker largely deflected the questions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

To grow economy  support action on climate change: G20G20 urges 'strong and effective action' on climate change
AFP Nov 16, 2014, 03.41PM IST
Tags:
Climate
(G20 agreed to work together…)
BRISBANE: The world's most powerful economies Sunday urged "strong and effective action" on climate change, catapulting the issue onto the final statement of G20 talks despite pressure from Australia to stick to economic matters.
The grouping, which includes the world's worst greenhouse gas polluters the United States and China, also threw their support behind a United Nations fund aimed at helping poorer countries deal with the problem.
"We support strong and effective action to address climate change," G20 leaders said in a communique after weekend talks in Brisbane.
"We reaffirm our support for mobilising finance for adaptation and mitigation, such as the Green Climate Fund."
The G20 talks follow a breakthrough between China and the United States on curbing carbon emissions last week, and calls from United States President Barack Obama and European leaders demanding action at the G20 on climate.
Australian host Prime Minister Tony Abbott had pushed economic issues to be the main thrust of the two-day talks, focussing on a push towards economic growth of 2.1 percent over five years and creating jobs.
Abbott, who since coming to power a year ago has dismantled a carbon tax designed to combat climate change, had resisted some language on climate proposed for the G20 communique, with one European diplomat likening the negotiations to "trench warfare".
But he insisted that climate change had been in the very first draft of the communique and were discussed throughout the year of Australia's G20 presidency.
"Obviously, it goes without saying that G20 leaders, all of us, support strong and effective action to address climate change," he told reporters.
"Our actions will support sustainable development, economic growth and certainty for business and investment and of course we will all work constructively towards the climate change conference in Paris next year."
In their declaration, G20 leaders said they aimed to support sustainable development, economic growth, and certainty for business and investment and would press for an agreed outcome in the French capital.
It also calls on members to communicate their national contributions well in advance of this meeting, preferably by the first quarter of 2015 is possible.
"Australia has always believed that climate change is real, that humanity makes a contribution and that strong and effective action against it should be taken," Abbott said, adding his government was committed to reducing harmful emissions.
But he stressed that the best way to reduce greenhouse gas emissions was more efficient energy usage.
"I don't say that there weren't at different times discussions about what is the 'mot juste' but certainly it has been a very harmonious, constructive and collegial process," Abbott said.
Japan had confirmed earlier Sunday plans to give up to $1.5 billion to the UN-backed Green Climate Fund, joining a US pledge of $3 billion to mitigate the impact of global warming on poor nations.
The GCF is a mechanism designed as a way for wealthy countries to help poorer ones to become greener and to bolster their defences against the effects of climate change.
France and Germany have pledged to contribute $1 billion each to the UN's new climate framework.
Christiana Figueres, the head of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), has called for an initial capitalisation of $10 billion by the end of the year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How Vipul Amar s TVR is redefining bespoke luxury( For a jacket, the dummy…)
By Preeti Verma Lal
Tango Red. Yes, that's my name. My number is 08. Little lah-di-dah, did you say? Look at me, first. My inners are pure silk with fluttering butterflies; my buttons shimmer with a hint of gold, the seams on my curves are sedulously sewn, and the YKK zippers with metal teeth are mill dyed to prevent colour spill. I am hand-chiselled. Don't pucker your nose. I am not off-the-shelf types. I am special. Extraordinary. There's no one quite like me. There's something about me. Everything's exclusive. You see that brass monogram in Baroque font. That high collar. The two-way zipper closure. That unusual ruby red of my Italian skin. Those diamonds quilted on my elbow. Six men hunched over me for five days. To create me. Took them 60 hours. I am bespoke. I am Tango Red. A bespoke short jacket from The V Renaissance (TVR), a New Delhibased bespoke luxury maker. Yeah, obviously, I am pricey. My tag: Rs 1,15,300. Add the taxes, please.
In the deafening peak-hour clamour, I was driving to the TVR atelier in Vasant Kunj to see Tango Red, an Illusionist, weekender travel bag. Harvard Tales, a duffel with trolley. And Ms V Ebony, a handbag for women. All bespoke luxury. I walk in into a whiff of leather and a warm hello from a bearded, pony-tailed Vipul Amar,the founder and managing director of TVR. From a steel shelf, leather rolls peep — burgundy red with a glaze, brown with alligator grain, charcoal black in snakeskin, whisper white, an unusual teal... Mostly cow leather sourced from the best tanneries across the world. Bison leather from Arizona and Texas in the US, Tango Red from Italy, English Bridle from the UK. On a table are candy jars stacked with brass tacks, pins, charms and rivets. Custom-made to perfection. A beefy blue box has tools. In a stout round jar is expensive animal fat. To moisturize the leather. All for a bespoke product.
Leather Tales
Vipul sits on the floor. Sheets of leather lie by his toe. He pulls, twists, scratches, pounds on leather pieces to elaborate on grains and finish. A connoisseur goes beyond that gleam on the hide. That could be baloney. He shows me tick scars on a cow hide. He knows leather. He is fussy about quality. He once tied a swatch of leather on his shoes and waded through slush and mud to test its durability. When in doubt, he washes a tiny piece with lime, salt and detergent to separate the good from the ugly.
  I sit cross-legged on the floor running my hand over leather swatches in the beautiful black box. Leather begins to slip under my skin — I, a leather ignoramus, pick up a few lessons.
A luxury bespoke buyer can pick his leather. He can have his fave photograph as a lining print. He can choose the weight of the button — 17-35 gms. The rivets on the sleeves can have gold, antique brass, gold or chrome finish. If he prefers light-weight jackets, the leather is diligently skived to weigh less. Purists swear by experience of being fitted — the process of being measured, choosing the details such as the right shoulder line, the lapel, the silhouette, going for fittings, the impeccable finishing. For a jacket, the dummy is first created in rexine. Every crease, every seam, every fold is checked on the dummy before creating the final jacket. Quite like a jacket, every tiny detail of a bag can be customized.
Vipul has no formal training in design. His lineage is forest/agro trade, but his DNA seemingly has an art helix. He scribbles and lo! a design is sketched. His mind is wired into aesthetics. When a bespoke buyer wants initials on the jacket, he refrains from hammering it on the cliched heart. The height, the complexion, the mien of the customer together decides the initials' position. Once a slightly hunched customer wanted initials by the pockets. Vipul stuck them on the nape — it took the onlooker's gaze off the man's hunch! He knows no pentameters, but he spews poetry. Vipul never trained as a photographer but runs the Vipul Amar School of Photography (he shot all photographs for this feature). He paints everything in his mind. That is how he designs all TVR products.

How Abacus  Soroban are making mathematics funYou are here: Home > Collections > Gmat
How techniques like Vedic Math, Abacus, and Soroban are making mathematics fun for kids
ET Bureau Nov 16, 2014, 04.28AM IST
Tags:
(The Soroban, or the Japanese…)
By Prerna Katiyar
How's this for a morning teaser: What is 6,234 x 5,472? Or this: what day of the week will it be when you turn 70? Doing the math on your smartphone calculator or looking up the calendar?
If we tell you that an eight-year-old will figure this out in less than six seconds in his mind, you will think we are kidding, won't you? But with training in the best of global mental math techniques now available in many cities, it's possible for you — and your child — to do this, and more, before you can say Gaussian Elimination. No wonder then that many ambitious parents not content with regular school training are enrolling their children for supplementary training in mental math to improve their academic performance and beyond.
With fear of math giving way to love for numbers, complex fractions and compound interest are duck soup for the little math wizards. "I have never been interested in mathematics. My parents decided on this particular after-school activity, but today it is my decision to spend my free time in learning mental math techniques," says Shashank Jain, all of 12.
Here are a few techniques that children are getting clued up about to solve those calculations in a jiffy:
VEDIC MATH
JN Bhanu Prakash, 15, a student of the Hyderabadbased Genius Abacus and Vedic Maths, performed additions of 10 pairs of 10 rows and 10 columns in a worldrecord setting time of 2 minutes 30 seconds, or 150 seconds. He was able to do that using the Vedic math technique.
Vedic math has its roots in India, with Vedic mathematicians laying the foundations for algebra, algorithms, square roots, cube roots, various methods of calculation as well as the concept of zero. By using the 'sutras' of calculations, a whole range of mathematical problems can be solved orally. Scores of institutes are offering online as well as offline courses in Vedic math
"Kids just love to hate math. But with the help of Vedic math techniques, calculations become quick and fun," says Gaurav Tekriwal, president of the Kolkata-based The Vedic Maths Forum. The Vedic Maths Forum offers online as well as offline course across five countries including India not just for school kids but also for those preparing for competitive exams such as IIT-JEE, GMAT, GRE, CAT, MAT and GATE.
  Tekriwal illustrates how even a third-grader can solve a seemingly complex mathematical problem within five seconds. Suppose one has to multiply 32 by 11. Simply add 3 and 2, which gives you 5, put that in between the units and the tens place, and that gives us 352. This technique works for 11. Similarly there are techniques for other numbers. "With training in the right technique, a third-grader can do 98 x 97 in his mind in five seconds," he adds.
Apart from schools and competitive exams, Vedic math has application in finance and information technology. "One can even design chips using algorithms in much lesser time. This way it helps in VLSI [very-large-scale integration] and chipdesigning," explains Tekriwal. Zapped? Read on. Genius Abacus and Vedic Math says on its homepage that children trained at their institute will be able to find the cube root of 3463512697 within 5-10 seconds... or (36)6 within 10-15 seconds. The academy started with 10 students in 2002 and since then has trained some 1,20,000 children through its 320 centres spread across 18 states in the country. Founder Raji Reddy Katookuri says the training not only helps the kids improve their mental skills but also when preparing for various competitive exams. "We have tie-ups with 42 schools across 18 states," says Katookuri.
There is a sprinkling of Vedic math institutes in the country, some of which are trying to differentiate with their unique offerings. Take for example Magical Methods, a Gurgaon-based institute that offers virtual training in Vedic math through games. "Due to our games-based approach, children grasp the concept fast and retain it too. To the best of our knowledge, nobody else is using a game-based technique to teach Vedic mathematics," says Magical Methods managing director Pradeep Kumar.
For the DIY generation, there are apps available for Vedic math techniques, as are for other methods.
ABACUS
Tushar Nahar, 13, of Abacus 'D' Maths Academy, can solve any table from 2 to 9,999 without using any physical aid. Having completed training in Abacus in one and a half years, he is a national-level winner in competitions for this technique.
Also called the counting frame, Abacus is a global technique used in preschools and elementary schools to teach math. Abacus techniques are one of the fastest ways of doing calculations especially when it comes to large numbers. The main objective of Abacus learning is to train the mind during the brain's formative stages.

Calendar boy Aryan Parab rattles off dates till 2068 in 30 secondsCalendar boy Aryan Parab rattles off dates till 2068 in 30 seconds
By Bella Jaisinghani, TNN | 16 Nov, 2014, 11.27AM IST
The child has become the life of the party since he discovered his unique talent. Family and friends surround him to ask which day their birthdays will fall in future.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: The common ways of finding a future date on the calendar would involve surfing cellphone software or checking the Internet. But it may just be faster to ask this little student of Class III.
Eight-year-old Aryan Parab , who lives in Mulund, developed a curious pastime that has turned him into a child prodigy. Earlier this year, he began preparing calendars for future years. Now, he can accurately configure any day-date configuration till 2068. As TOI found out during a demonstration last week, it takes longer to surf a mobile for the answer.
The child has become the life of the party since he discovered his unique talent. Family and friends surround him to ask which day their birthdays will fall in future, and the child answers within 30-40 seconds. Incidentally, Aryan celebrates his birthday today, November 16, also his parents' wedding anniversary.
The little genius arrived with his mother Rupali and grandfather Suryakant Bhosle to the office of this newspaper and overawed everybody by his talent. A staffer asked which day her birthday, March 25, would fall in 2015.
Resting his hand on his chin he did some mental calculation and replied, "Wed." The child even reads the days like he sees them on the calendar. Another onlooker wanted to know the day corresponding with August 1, 2020. Thirty seconds later, he answered, "Sat." The questioner himself was yet to arrive at 2020 on his cellphone calculator. The shy child loves arithmetic most of all. He uses a variety of methods to calculate. "Sometimes I remember the first day of the month, then count forward weekly, and factor in leap years," he explained.
His grandfather said, "Aryan prepares an entire year's calendar within 20-25 minutes without using any reference material or glancing at the Internet. He is gaining more insight over time. In fact as we were travelling today, he pointed out that the same calendar repeats itself every 11 years, so your birthday will fall the same day it did 11 years before."
Aryan's mother Rupali is a software engineer with TCS and his father Jayant is a telecom professional. Last May, the couple saw that their son would lock himself up in his room during summer vacation and draw calendars. "I urged him to stop doing so once school started and he did, but during the recent Diwali holiday, he begged me to allow him to resume. He has completed drawing until 2068," Rupali said.
Aryan is now the subject of admiration in his school, Eurokids in Airoli , where even teachers enjoy asking birthdays. "He is a ready reckoner of dates, particularly those related to national leaders and national events. He remembers the birthdays of every single classmate, relative, friend and neighbour. The other day he pestered me to greet a casual acquaintance over the phone, and I yielded. She was so happy I remembered her birthday that we struck a bond over that conversation," his mother laughs.

New insider trading norms to safeguard minority investors interestNew insider trading norms on anvil; delisting to get easier
PTI Nov 16, 2014, 01.43PM IST
Tags:
Delisting
(The new norms are being put…)
NEW DELHI: To make it easier for listed companies to comply with various regulations and to safeguard the interest of minority investors, regulator Sebi is set to bring out new set of norms for listing compliance, delisting of shares and for a better check against insider trading.
The changes in these regulations would be considered by the board of the capital markets regulator at its board meeting scheduled this week, a senior official said, adding that the main thrust of the proposed changes are safeguarding the interest of investors without making the regulatory framework cumbersome for listed companies and other entities.
Among the key changes, delisting regulations are set for a major overhaul and the new norms are expected to cut down the time taken for a company voluntary delisting from the stock exchanges by about half, from a minimum of 137 days currently.
The new norms are being put in place after long-running consultations with all stakeholders on draft regulations that were made public earlier this year, the official said.
While concerns have been raised from some quarters with regard to certain provisions, including those arising out of speculations that the new delisting rules might be somewhat retrospective in nature and that minimum 25 per cent shareholders' participation would be necessary, the official said that these concerns are unfounded.
There has not been any major opposition to the draft norms, the official said, adding that interest of all stakeholders has been kept in mind and the main objective to amend the norms is to make the entire process faster and easier rather than making it difficult.
One area where no compromise has been made and the rules are being made stringent is with regard to keeping additional checks against possible manipulation by using the long gestation period and other loopholes currently associated with a delisting process, the official said.
The new norms -- to check insider trading menace, to enforce better compliance to continuous listing regulations and to revamp delisting norms for a faster and easier process for those desiring to delist from the stock market -- will be put up for approval of Sebi's board this week. Thereafter, necessary changes would be made soon in the existing norms.
The proposed tightening of norms assumes significance in the wake of Sebi coming across cases of insider trading at not just small companies, but at big corporates as well.
Besides, another set of new regulations would help Sebi take prompter and stricter action against the entities found to be violating listing norms.
"We are revising our prevention of insider trading regulations because we have discovered cases... Unfortunately the cases are not just from small companies but also from big ones," Sebi Chairman U K Sinha recently said.
The new insider trading norms, which would replace nearly two-decade-old rules in this area, would be substantially based on recommendations of an expert committee constituted by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) and the suggestions made thereafter to this panel's draft proposals.
The panel, chaired by former Chief Justice of Karnataka and Kerala High Courts, K Sodhi, was set up to review the Sebi (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 1992.
  The new listing regulations would focus on dealing with possible violations of corporate governance norms by listed firms, including those about inadequate or faulty disclosures, related party transactions, anomalies in board constitutions.
Besides Sodhi panel, Sebi's International Advisory Board (IAB) has also suggested significant changes in insider trading norms to bring them at par with global best practices.
Insider trading -- dealing in securities with prior access to unpublished price-sensitive information -- has been attracting regulatory attention worldwide.
However, certain outdated provisions of the existing norms have been misused by offenders to escape regulatory action.
The new norms can also put in place specific guidelines for holding of AGMs, about which Sebi Chairman recently said that there was a need for better governance practices at listed companies and shareholders' meetings should not be like "chai and samosa parties".
Sebi is also in favour of onus being put more on the promoters or the top executives, rather than the companies as a whole, when it comes to penalties.
Under the new regulatory regime, the listing agreement would be replaced by 'listing regulations'.
The existing listing agreement is an agreement with companies and exchanges, but it would now have "a force of regulations" for more effective compliance.
The current delisting regulations were put in place in 2009 and facilitate removal of the securities of a listed company from a stock exchange with promoters buying out shares held by minority shareholders.

How Chetan Bhagat betrays an impatience with detailsHow Chetan Bhagat's scattershot takes on current affairs suggest impatience with details
16 Nov, 2014, 04.31AM IST
0
Share More
Blogs & some publications enjoyed either praising or declaiming Bhagat, and a series of articles pilloried the poor man for everything that was wrong with his brand of writing.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
By Harish Nambiar
My spine has been freezing and thawing overfast, buffeted over the last couple of months by the full blast of a teenage girl's hebephrenia; I found solace in that she loves Chetan Bhagat . I use the word in its original form, as derived from Greek he-be-te-s, which is young adult, and the English phrenia from the childish behaviour which often goes with that stage.
And then Bhagat released his latest book last month setting off landslides of opprobrium across India's nascent English literary establishment while Flipkart and Rupa laughed their way to the bank.
Blogs and some publications enjoyed either praising or declaiming Bhagat, and a series of articles by some respected bylines pilloried the poor man for everything that was wrong with him and his brand of writing.
I asked my new teenage friend if she had read any of these pieces. She said "I only read what my friends say about the new book". Which meant, between the two of us, only I had read these 'respected' bylines.
I heard in this an echo of the early children's films made in India, always instructional and told with an adult's idea of what is childish, moving into the troublesome teenage. And, in a manner of speaking, catching the parents unprepared.
Too often, self-obsessed parents are planting themselves as victims of how their generation never had a chance; when they were young, they were told to respect the old, and now that they are old, they are told to listen to the young.
Frankly, all they have to do is listen, without checking out the messenger's age.
But as is often the case with parents, they forget the Enid Blytons they devoured when they were growing up. The BBC had refused to broadcast Blyton's works through the 1930s to the '50s because her work lacked literary merit. This was before most of these parents were born. Among the charges against Blyton was that her works were unchallenging.
Malady of Interpretation
Bhagat is a vertical invader into the world of the written word, much like the 19th century French writer George Sand . And, like so many pathologies released under pressure, his critics tend to use his background to score cheap points that reveal their animosities more than soundness of judgement, always delivered from the vantage point of literary fiction.
In many ways, these critics tend to err the way Susan Sontag wrote in 1966.
"In a culture whose already classical dilemma is the hypertrophy of the intellect at the expense of energy and sensual capability, interpretation is the revenge of the intellect upon art.
"Even more. It is the revenge of the intellect upon the world. To interpret is to impoverish, to deplete the world — in order to set up a shadow world of 'meanings.' It is to turn the world into this world. ("This world"! As if there were any other.)
"The world, our world, is depleted, impoverished enough. Away with all duplicates of it, until we again experience more immediately what we have."
Sontag is not among Bhagat's favourite authors, but Hemingway is. So, to use Hemingway's phrase, courage is grace under pressure. From all accounts, the graceful lot is not doing too well in India for the moment. In this transitional subcontinent, the scores will shift, soon too.
Those who have seen Bhagat take deserving slights, from Salman Rushdie to Gulzar, with the smile of the grocer will concede the man has been better with his Hemingway than those who pillory him for lacking in literary merit. It is more touching when you realize that he has never professed to be staking any claim to literary eminence.
The literary establishment's clannishness is not unique to Indian society's various formal and informal clubs. When in 1990 the then prime minster, VP Singh, decided to implement the recommendations of the Mandal Commission report reserving jobs for the socially disadvantaged communities of the largely Hindu country, the largely upper-caste media freaked.

Pediatric nursing: Making a difference in a child s life is rewarding0
In a private-practice setting, such as a pediatrician's office, PNPs independently care for children during checkups and sick visits, as well as provide guidance for age-appropriate counseling, medical decision-making, and evaluation and treatment of a child. They take down medical histories, perform physicals, order and interpret diagnostic tests, and prescribe medications.
Acute Care PNPs (ACPNPs) work in specialty-based clinics or hospitals, where they perform many of the same tasks: physical exams, interpreting diagnostic studies, prescribing/ordering medications and therapies, and developing and evaluating therapeutic management plans.
A PNP candidate must first become a registered nurse by earning a bachelor of science in nursing. Nurse Practitioner status requires additional graduate work. Like all nurses, PNPs must be board-certified and licensed.
In addition to clinical know-how, caring for sick children takes "a special person" because it means being completely engaged in the children's care without becoming emotionally distraught over diagnoses or complications, Creaden said. PNPs must be empathic but objective to treat children in pain or with life-threatening conditions.
"We know what we do makes a difference and that we're (often) helping patients and families through (some of) the most difficult and challenging experiences of their lives," Creaden said. "A sick child disrupts the entire family milieu and creates a stress beyond comprehension. We help families navigate that fear and stress in a supportive, meaningful way."
Ryan's mother is a nurse, which sparked her interest and gave her "an immense respect" for the profession. "The amount of knowledge it takes to be a competent and respected nurse is immense and continues to expand," she said.
Ryan earned a B.S. in science and nursing at the University of Michigan, followed by three years of graduate study at the University of Illinois' advance practice nursing school, which specializes in pediatrics.
She cares for children from birth to age 18, doing everything from annual physicals to acute visits that involve illnesses and conditions that can be treated in an outpatient setting, such as asthma. Patients who need a higher level of care may be transferred to Lurie Children's Hospital.
Ryan also visits newborns at Swedish Covenant Hospital and other facilities. She takes calls one night per week, allowing parents to page her. Ryan is on call to work one weekend a month and works two Saturdays a month.
"It's an amazing feeling to know that I might be making a real difference in a child's and their family's life," Ryan said.
Demand for all types of nurses expected to surge
Those choosing a career in nursing can opt to be a registered nurse or nurse practitioner.
Registered nurses provide and coordinate patient care, educate patients and the public about health conditions, and offer advice and emotional support to patients and family members. Nurse practitioners are trained to take on additional tasks, such as ordering tests or x-rays, and evaluating the results. They also may prescribe medications.
Nurse practitioners also focus on patient-centered care, meaning they work to understand patients' concerns and lifestyles throughout their course of treatment. In addition, they sometimes conduct research or teach medical staff about new policies or procedures.
Registered nurses typically take one of three educational paths: They earn a bachelor's degree in nursing, an associate's degree in nursing, or a diploma from an approved nursing program. They also must be licensed.
Nurse practitioners, nurse anesthetists and nurse midwives must also earn a master's degree from an accredited program, including both classroom and clinical experience. Courses typically include anatomy, physiology and pharmacology. Many NPs go on to earn a Doctor of Nursing Practice (DNP) degree or a more standard doctorate.
Registered nurses can opt to specialize in certain areas, such as pediatrics. Pediatric nurses and pediatric nurse practitioners work with children from birth through adolescence. Degree programs for a pediatric specialty aren't typically offered at an associates or undergraduate level, so many candidates opt to acquire training through clinical experience within a pediatric facility.
Alternately, graduate pediatric nursing programs can provide comprehensive education in child development, reproductive health, adolescent development and pediatric health assessment. Locally, highly regarded graduate pediatric nursing programs are available at Rush University and the University of Illinois-Chicago.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, employment of registered nurses is expected to grow 19 percent by 2022. Employment of those specifically trained as nurse practitioners, nurse midwives and nurse anesthetists is expected to grow 31 percent by 2022.
This growth is projected for several reasons, including a growing emphasis on preventive care and higher rates of chronic conditions, such as diabetes and obesity.
As the number of people with health insurance increases following passage of the Affordable Care Act, nurse practitioners can offer many of the same services as doctors and may be more in demand to supply primary care.
In 2012, there were 2,711,500 registered nurses nationwide and 151,400 nurse anesthetists, nurse midwives and nurse practitioners, the BLS said. That year, the median annual wage for nurse practitioners, nurse anesthetists and nurse midwives was $96,460, while pay for registered nurses averaged $65,470 per year.
(C) 2014 Tribune Content Agency, LLC

Financial planners help take the mystery out of saving  investingFinancial planners help take the mystery out of saving, investing
FINANCIAL PLANNER
Paul Hoyem (left) urges young people to enter the financial advising field. With many planners near retirement, hiring is up. Also, more people, especially aging boomers, are seeking financial advice.
Paul Hoyem (left) urges young people to enter the financial advising field. With many planners near retirement, hiring is up. Also, more people, especially aging boomers, are seeking financial advice.
By Stacy Deibler, Tribune Content Agency, CareerBuilder
Finance Financial and Business Services
There's plenty of advice out there on money management. Pundits hold forth on TV, radio and online. Websites churn out tips, and you can troll for more in blogs, books, magazines and newsletters. Classes are available, or you can catch that seminar at Holiday Inn on the "secrets" of financial success.
"There are certainly a lot more resources out there than there used to be to help people manage their money, but there's really no replacement for sitting down and talking with someone and putting together a plan," said Paul Hoyem, 35, a financial planner from Glen Ellyn.
Hoyem walks clients through their choices, "creating a vision to help them reach their financial goals. I try to get them to look at money as a tool, and also to associate that money with a time horizon (short- or long-term) and a purpose."
In fact, Hoyem isn't interested in financial "secrets." He'd rather take the mystery out of saving and investing. "I try to educate people so they can make informed decisions," he said.
Hoyem works for Thrivent Financial, a national not-for-profit, faith-based financial services firm. The company (formerly Thrivent Financial for Lutherans) offers a full range of services, including guidance and products/services related to saving and investing (stocks, bonds, annuities), insurance (life, health, disability, long-term care), debt management, taxes, retirement and estate planning. Thrivent is the only non-profit in the Fortune 500.
Hoyem serves clients in west suburban Dupage County, shuttling between offices in Downers Grove, Warrenville and Bloomingdale.
He didn't plan to be a financial advisor.
1
Hoyem studied business management and economics at Luther College. "In my senior year, I met a recruiter for Lutheran Brotherhood (a predecessor organization of Thrivent). A professor had given him my name," he said. "I hadn't seriously considered financial planning. I was leaning toward business management."
"I was intrigued by the idea of building a business within (Thrivent) as an agent, combining sales with financial planning," Hoyem said. He liked the in-house training and the freedom to set his own hours. The flexibility is especially helpful now that Hoyem and his wife, Melina, have an infant daughter.
Hoyem is now a lead financial consultant for Thrivent, a management level position that includes working with clients and recruiting/mentoring new hires. Planning is a "very satisfying" fit for Hoyem's skills, personality and values, he said. "I get a lot of energy being with people. I enjoy the interpersonal communication." He looks forward to meeting with clients -- even the anxious ones.
"It's very important to me that clients feel comfortable with an advisor. If you're not (at ease), you'll be less interested in saving, which only hurts you," Hoyem said. Planners must be good listeners with lots of "patience and persistence," he said. "People make decisions differently, especially about money. Some take longer than others. I help them along the path."
Analytical, math and sales skills are key, plus good speaking ability to explain complex financial concepts, Hoyem said. Integrity and trustworthiness are baseline.
Hoyem joined Thrivent at 22 in 2001, right out of college.
"It was intimidating at first sitting down with clients three times my age," he said. "There is a hurdle to getting into this career at a young age, but if you work hard and align yourself with colleagues with more experience, you can make it work."
Hoyem meets with each client at least once a year. He advises people at all stages of life, and with widely differing incomes.
"Everyone's needs are different," Hoyem said. "I've had clients who were very, shall we say, 'dis-engaged' with their finances. The whole concept of saving was new, but after a few consultations, "suddenly, they were much more in tune with what was going on." Young clients may "struggle to put something away in a 401-K," while seasoned older investors are looking for the most effective ways to distribute their assets. Major life changes like marriage, divorce, the birth of a child and retirement spur many people to hire planners, Hoyem said.
He cited one couple "who had no idea when to retire. I did a complete retirement analysis, and at the end of the discussion they had a very clear roadmap. They felt much more confident that they'd be financially secure."
Hoyem takes "a holistic approach" to planning. To help clients in areas outside his expertise, he may refer them to mortgage brokers, accountants or legal experts. While not a CPA, he can discuss taxes "as they relate to investments."
"There's really no such thing as an average day," Hoyem said. He spends 75-80 percent of his time meeting with clients to review their accounts and objectives. He averages three appointments a day, either in the office or the client's home. Each session requires extensive preparation. Hoyem works many nights and weekends and spends a lot of time on the road.
To stay current in the field, Hoyem studies, networks and attends workshops. He must take 30 hours of continuing education per year to maintain his licenses. He's studying for his RICP (Retirement Income Certification Plan) and hopes to earn the coveted Certified Financial Planner (CFP) designation. He's licensed to sell insurance and securities in Illinois and Wisconsin. Like many planners, his income is based on fees and commissions.
Hoyem is an investor himself and owns two rental properties. "If you're making a recommendation to clients, it should be something you believe in, and even own yourself," he said.
Hoyem urges young people to enter the field. With many planners near retirement, hiring is up. Also, more people, especially aging boomers, are seeking financial advice.
Planning is a popular second career, said Scott Reffett, a partner with Thrivent who recruits talent in the Chicago region. Former teachers do especially well, he said, and more women are signing on. Planning has never been so important, Reffett said. "As the burden of securing a solid financial future has shifted to employees, you need to be involved. Everyone has to be smart with their money, and the earlier you start, the better off you'll be."
Hoyem takes his job very seriously. "A financial advisor has the potential to have a pretty big impact on someone's life," he said.
(C) 2014 Tribune Content Agency, LLC

Mommy blogger makes the mother of all financial mistakesMommy blogger makes the mother of all financial mistakes
By Brian J. O'Connor, Tribune Content Agency, Funny Money
Thanks to modern technology -- and the fact that your average Internet-connected American has the attention span of a tsetse fly and the guile of a week-old meatloaf -- you can learn a lot on the Internet.
A lot that's wrong.
You can learn that California is building a $587 billion high-speed rail link to Hawaii. Or that spider eggs were used to stuff Beanie Babies and now are hatching all over America. You can even discover that hundreds of thousands of Thanksgiving turkeys are contaminated with Ebola.
The problem is that's all as fanciful as saying the new Senate Republican majority will approve a $50 billion wildlife preserve for undocumented gay baby whales.
And then there's the investment advice.
'Greetings from Nigeria!'
When it's not wholly impractical, most personal finance advice on the Web runs the gamut from blatantly obvious to trivially useless. But now I've run across a post from a mommy blogger about her family finances that's so dangerously deluded I swore it must've come in an email from a Sub-Saharan prince.
0
I'm not going to identify this writer because, when I asked about the details of her advice, she emailed very little, then clammed up, claiming she didn't want to "share my family's entire financial history." (Did I mention that she already was writing -- ON THE INTERNET -- about her family's finances?)
The topic of her proud post was she had eliminated $18,000 of debt in one fell swoop, by selling a newer hybrid sport utility vehicle to a dealer for the amount owed on the car, then buying an older SUV with cash to replace it. So far so good, except for the source of the cash: a non-exempt withdrawal from her 401(k) retirement account.
Assuming she paid $6,000 for the car she describes and is in the 25 percent tax bracket, that means our blogger withdrew $8,100 to cover the purchase plus income tax and a 10 percent early withdrawal penalty that, for some mystical reason, she thinks she won't have to pay. That's $2,100 in taxes; however, the cost of paying the car loan at the current average 4 percent interest rate over four years would be $1,500 in interest, so she just paid $700 more.
In addition, that $8,100, if left in her retirement account for another 30 years would, at an average 7 percent return, grow into nearly $62,000 before taxes. In other words, this savvy money mama just cost herself more than three times the amount of the debt she so cleverly vanquished. With that kind of financial acumen, she should be working for the Congressional Budget Office.
Cabbage soup for the Visa bill
From the little information she posted, mommy blogger and her family aren't in financial distress, and if they were, raiding a retirement account to wipe out debt would be an even stupider move. Instead, they're in thrall to debt-cutting guru Dave Ramsey. While I respect Ramsey and much of his advice, he takes a good idea far too far, eschewing bankruptcy even in dire cases and quoting Scripture: "the borrower is slave of the lender."
Any debt is a burden, even so-called "good debt," such as car loans, student loans and mortgages, and part of any smart financial plan is deciding to get yourself largely debt-free. It's understandably tempting to look for quick fixes, but just like a crash diet is dangerous to your health, a crash debt diet is dangerous to your wealth. Plus, people who get out of debt with one big, easy move, such as selling a home or getting a windfall, are likely to get back into trouble since they haven't fixed the basic financial problems that got them into debt in the first place.
Aiming to get your debt balances to $0.00 is as good a goal as dropping 40 pounds. Just do it with the financial equivalent of eating more fruits and veggies and 30 minutes of daily walking: stop adding new debt, boost your savings, and make a plan to methodically pay off your balances, instead of wrecking your assets by declaring a total debt war.
Which brings me to one thing the Internet is good for -- looking up Bible verses. Such as Proverbs 13:16, which seems tailor-made for any blogger encouraging folks to plunder their retirement funds and hike their tax bills just to pay off a completely manageable short-term debt: "A wise man thinks ahead; a fool doesn't, and even brags about it!"
(Brian J. O'Connor is an award-winning columnist for The Detroit News. Contact him at brian@funnymoneyblog.com or visit http://www.funnymoneyblog.com .)
(c) 2014 TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

JSW Energy agrees to acquire two hydro projects from Jaypee for Rs 9700 croreUpdated: November 16, 2014 16:05 IST
JSW Energy agrees to acquire two hydro projects from Jaypee for Rs 9700 crore
Lalatendu Mishra
stock activity
The prolonged Jaypee power deal was closed on Sunday with billionaire Sajjan Jindal signing an agreement with Manoj Gaur to acquire two hydro power projects of Jaiprakash Power Ventures Ltd (JVPL) for Rs 9700 crore.
JSW Energy on Sunday said it had executed documents to acquire 100 per cent stake in the two power plants with a combined capacity of 1391 MW from JPVL and other shareholders.
The board of directors of JPVL has approved the transfer of 300 MW Baspa II Hydro- Electric project and the 1091 MW Karcham Wangtoo Hydro-Electric project, both located in Himachal Pradesh, into a separate company called Himachal Baspa Power Company Ltd (HBPC Ltd) as a going concern through a scheme of arrangement which would be acquired by JSW Energy.
"Subsequent to the scheme of arrangement being made effective and subject to other terms and conditions agreed between the company and JPVL, JSW Energy proposes to acquire 100 per cent of the securities of HBPC Ltd held by JPVL," JSW Energy said in a filing to the stock exchanges.
This acquisition opens a new chapter in JSW Energy and makes it the largest hydro energy producer in the private sector.
With this the company total generation capacity including thermal will go up to 4531 MW.
Currently the company is setting up a 240 MW hydro power plant in Himachal Pradesh. Both the acquired power plants have 29 years and 37 years life respectively and can be extended for another 20 years, the company said.
"This is an attractive deal for our shareholders as it is expected to be earning accretive on closure. Our strategy is to increase capacity many fold and create synergy through a mix of organic and inorganic opportunities supported by excellence on operation," Sajjan Jindal, Chairman and Managing Director , JSW Energy said.
The Jaypee Group was trying for nearly a year to sell its power projects to retire mounting debt. Recently talks between the Group and Reliance Group had broken due to difference of opinion on valuation. Prior to that two other buyers including the Adani Group had walked away due to various reasons.
The money mobilized from the sale will go towards retiring debt of JPVL.

Watch:  Lingaa  trailer released; movie to release on Rajinikanth s birthdayProducer Rockline Venkatesh confirmed that the movie will release worldwide on December 12 as a gift to the superstar's legion of fans on his 64th birthday.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 4:10 pm
The official trailer of Rajinikanth-starrer Tamil actioner ‘Lingaa’ is out and it has all the makings of a blockbuster – high octane action sequences, drama and the superstar Rajinikanth. actress Sonakshi Sinha also plays a vital role in the movie.
‘Lingaa’ is divided in two eras. Sonakshi, who plays a village belle, is Rajinikanth’s love interest in the 1940s, while Anushka Shetty plays the superstar’s heroine in the modern day.
Meanwhile, producer Rockline Venkatesh confirmed that the movie will release worldwide on December 12 as a gift to the superstar’s legion of fans on his 64th birthday.
Speaking at the film’s audio launch, the producer told reporters, “‘Lingaa’ will be a birthday gift to Rajinikanth’s fans. It will release on Dec 12”.
“The film wouldn’t have been possible without K.S. Ravi Kumar (director), cinematographer Rathnavelu and Rajini sir, who worked almost without much break to complete the project in less than six months,” he added.
Venkatesh also said that he had been asking Ravi Kumar to do a film under his banner. He’s happy that it finally happened with “Lingaa”, which also features Sonakshi Sinha and Anushka Shetty in the lead.
“The title ‘Lingaa’, which was suggested by Rajini sir, was registered by filmmaker Ameer, who gave it up for us,” Ravi Kumar said.
“Rajini sir’s dance in the film will astonish his fans. He’s danced double than he usually does in his films. I can’t confirm the release date yet because there’s still lot of computer graphic work pending. We’ll try our best to release in December,” he added.
Double Oscar-winning composer A.R. Rahman, who has composed tunes for the film, was not at the event. He sent a recorded message that was played on his behalf.
(With IANS Inputs)

Abhishek Bachchan thanks twitteratti for their birthday wishes for daughter AaradhyaPrint
People all around the world have been taking to Twitter to wish her a happy birthday since morning.
Written by Sonal Gera , Edited by Sarika Sharma | New Delhi | Posted: November 16, 2014 1:46 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 1:53 pm
Born to one of the most influential families in Bollywood, Aaradhya Bachchan is the cynosure of papa Abhishek Bachchan and mom Aishwarya Rai Bachchan’s eyes. The tiny tot, who turns three today, is a celebrity in herself. People all around the world have been taking to Twitter to wish her a happy birthday since morning.
Dad Abhishek Bachchan happily thanked everybody who wished his daughter on her birthday. He tweeted:
Thank you all for such wonderful wishes for Aaradhya. Truly means a lot. Thank you.
— Jhakaas Nandu (@juniorbachchan) November 16, 2014
Like the other celebrations in the Bachchan household, Aaradhya’s birthdays till now have also been a private affair. Her first birthday was an intimate affair with close friends and family. The tiny tot could be seen looking cute as a button along with her delighted parents Aishwarya and Abhishek, amongst the balloons at the celebrations.
For her second birthday, Aishwarya organised a fairytale themed party for Aaradhya at ‘Pratiksha’. The entire place was decorated with lights and cutouts of butterflies and animated creatures.
The proud parents have planned a grand bash this time too, as the reports say.
We wish Aaradhya Bachchan a very happy birthday.

This day  last year: Sachin Tendulkar completes one year of retirementsports
This day, last year: Sachin Tendulkar completes one year of retirement
365 days before was the last occasion when chants of 'Sachin Sachin' produced a loud roar at the Wankhede Stadium for the last. The greatest player to have played the game played it for one last time and left his supporters with a sense of emptiness (Express Photo by: Neeraj Priyadarshi)
Memories etched in the minds of every Indian cricket fan, the Master walking off waving his willow at the crowd. (Express Photo by: NeeraJ Priyadarshi)
Sachin was very emotional when the players and officials gave him a guard of honour after his 200th and final Test match played in Mumbai. (Express Photo by: Ravi Kanojia)
Sachin has always been humble and never failed to acknowledge all those who helped him on his way. Here he's seen touching the pitch, something he's made his own whenever he came out to bat in a career which lasted over two decades. (Express Photo by: Neeraj Priyadarshi)
The soft spoken Mumbai batsman slowly scaled every height, made every record his own and carved a niche for himself, something perhaps no one can ever replicate. (Express Photo by: Neeraj Priyadarshi)
His entire family was beside him when he came out to deliver his farewell speech. From the media to his elder brother Ajit to his support staff, the Master thanked one and all (Express Photo by: Pradip Das)
To ensure he doesn't miss anyone, Tendulkar carried a piece of paper to the ceremony, and thanked everyone from coach Ramakant Achrekar to his first manager Mark Mascarenhas (Express Photo by: Pradip Das)
He was the poster boy of Indian cricket for nearly two decades and attained a demi-god status in the country. The entire nation used to come to a standstill when this man was nearing a milestone. (Express Photo by: Pradip Das)
Sachin played his last Ranji trophy game for Mumbai against Haryana in Lahli. His old mate and former India batsman Ajay Jadeja came out of retirement to lead the Haryana side. (Express Photo by: Ravi Kanojia)
The master improvises a little, but his trademark cover drives, straight drives and leg glance will remain his identity. 365 days after the day,  he is no longer seen batting live on television but the replays of his top knocks have kept both him and his fans busy (Express Photo by: Ravi Kanojia)
Related

Law enforcement on the Internet  the role of the domain name registrarsBy David Post November 16
Some disturbing legal news out of Germany, courtesy of techdirt:   A German appeals court has upheld a copyright infringement ruling against a German domain name registrar (Key Systems) which had issued a domain name to H33t, a “torrent-tracking” site.
This is a new wrinkle in the copyright infringement battles, and one that should have us concerned.  The question of “secondary liability” in copyright law – the liability of intermediaries, persons or entities who are not primarily responsible for the infringement but may facilitate it or assist in it in various ways – has been a fierce legal battleground over the last 10 years or so.  In the US (and elsewhere) the debate has focused on the liability of website owners/operators: when is, say, YouTube liable for the infringements of its users?   And we have (as do the Germans, I believe) a fairly complex series of provisions in our Copyright Act that attempt to navigate this question – providing website operators with a “safe harbor” protecting them from infringement liability if they take certain steps to respond to claims of infringement from copyright holders. [This, as many of you are familiar with, is the "notice-and-takedown" regime in sec. 512 of the Copyright Act].
But to my knowledge, this German case is the first one where the intermediary being held liable is not the operator of the site, but the entity that issued the domain to the operator of the site.  It’s as though someone asserted that I was posting their copyrighted content at my personal website and a court issued a ruling holding GoDaddy.com, my domain name registrar, liable for the infringements.  The registrar response, needless to say, is then to make the domain disappear – deleting its entry in the main name-server for the domain.  {Equally predictable: the site immediately shows up under a new domain issued by a different registrar . . .]
Now, I always take the position that citizens of other countries can organize their own law however they see fit, and it’s really none of my business; I don’t feel as though I really have “standing” to complain about anything they do – at least, to the extent that they’re abiding (as the Germans surely are) with basic rule of law and due process principles, and that they’re not trying to impose their law on me or on others who had no say in its formulation.  If a US court had issued this ruling, trust me – I’d be manning the barricades.  But intermediary liability is a complicated subject on which reasonable people can disagree, and if the Germans want to extend it up the chain to include domain name registrars, then they can go ahead and do that, however misguided I believe that to be.
The reason, though, that this is of particular concern is that it might give us a small peek at a development that would be extremely troubling for all Internet users:  the use of the basic tools underlying the Internet infrastructure for purposes of policing user content and enforcing the law n regard to that content.  I do not want domain name registrars to be deputized as the agents of law enforcement, whether for copyright infringement or anything else.  It’s not a role they can play fairly or reasonably or justly.
As I said, if the Germans feel differently and want to impose obligations on German domain name registrars, there’s not much I can or should do about that.  But it’s just this kind of thing that makes me nervous, not about Germany but about ICANN.  [I know - I'm a bit of a broken record about ICANN.  But it really matters, so I'm not going to stop . . .].  ICANN controls the majority of the world’s registrars – not just those in Germany, or in the US, or in China, but every registrar that wants to give its customers access to the Top-Level Domains within ICANN’s jurisdiction (.com, .org, .edu, .biz, .net, . . . and all the other “global” TLDs).  ICANN is the one entity — not the German government, or the Chinese government, or the U.N. - that can say to them all, wherever they might be located:  We will hold you responsible for your registrants’ compliance with local copyright law, and while we can’t fine you or put you in jail, we can put you out of business with the flick of a switch if you don’t aggressively pursue and take action against wrongdoers of one kind or another – copyright infringers, or spammers, or hackers, or …
I’m probably being paranoid – ICANN hasn’t done anything like this, and I do not want to be taken as suggesting otherwise. But several months ago ICANN amended the contract that it uses with registries and registrars, adding a provision requiring registries and registrars to include a “compliance with all applicable law” provision in all their contracts with domain name holders.  Again, it probably doesn’t mean too much – and anyway, what’s wrong with simply requiring domain name holders to promise to comply with applicable law?  But if it’s the opening wedge in what becomes a movement to force registrars to police their registrants and take action against those they deem to be wrongdoers — or , more likely, against those who are identified as wrongdoers by by copyright holders, or by trademark holders, or by law enforcement agents — it’s a very worrisome development indeed.
David Post taught intellectual property and Internet law at Georgetown Law Center and Temple University Law School until his recent retirement. He is the author of "In Search of Jeffersons Moose: Notes on the State of Cyberspace" (Oxford, 2009), a Fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology, and an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute.

Bill Cosbys brief response to sexual assault allegationsBy Sarah Kaplan November 16 Follow @sarahkaplan48
Bill Cosby (Jeffrey MacMillan)
Bill Cosby broke his silence regarding a series of  sexual assault  allegations via a brief statement posted on his Web site this morning.
“Over the last several weeks, decade-old, discredited allegations against Mr. Cosby have resurfaced. The fact that they are being repeated does not make them true. Mr. Cosby does not intend to dignify these allegations with any comment,” the statement reads. “He would like to thank all his fans for the outpouring of support and assure them that, at age 77, he is doing his best work. There will be no further statement from Mr. Cosby or any of his representatives.”
It is signed by Cosby’s attorney, John P. Schmitt.
This short “no comment” statement is the first Cosby has made in the wake of a renewed focus on accusations that he had sexually assaulted a number of women. Although most of the accusations are years, even decades old, they resurfaced in recent weeks after a video of comedian Hannibal Buress calling Cosby a rapist went viral.

Americans think the unemployment rate is 32 percent Not so fast.By John Sides November 16
(Steve Helber/AP)
Over at Vox, Danielle Kurtzleben reports on a new poll:
In a recent Ipsos-MORI  poll, 1,001 Americans were asked, “Out of every 100 people of working age, how many do you think are unemployed and looking for work?” Their average response was 32. That’s almost 26 percentage points higher than the 6.1-percent jobless rate in August, when the poll was conducted.
There are two issues here.  First, this one single poll is not in line with the published research on Americans’ ability to estimate the unemployment rate.
In this 1986 article , political scientists Lee Sigelman and Ernest Yanarella report the results from a 1982 survey, conducted when the unemployment rate was 11 percent.  They found that a substantial majority, two-thirds, stated that the unemployment rate was 10 percent, 11 percent, or 12 percent — a substantial degree of accuracy.
In this 2014 article ( earlier ungated version ), political scientists Steven Ansolabehere and Brian Schaffner report the results of a 2010 survey, conducted when the unemployment rate was 9.7 percent.  They found that, depending on whether respondents took the survey on the phone or over the Internet, approximately 40-50 percent of respondents could estimate this rate within 1 percentage point.
In this 2014 article , Eric Lawrence and I report the results of another 2010 survey.  We asked people to estimate the unemployment rate, in a similar fashion to the Ipsos-MORI poll.  Here is the survey question:
The federal government defines unemployment to be when people do not have a job, have actively looked for work in the prior 4 weeks, and are currently available for work. What percent of Americans do you think currently are unemployed? If you do not know, you can just give your best guess.
Here are the results:
Although some people do give estimates that are far away from the truth, most respondents gave fairly accurate estimates — which is reflected in the median.
This research suggests that the public is not nearly as ignorant about the unemployment rate as the Ipsos-MORI poll suggests.
The second issue concerns this argument from Kurtzleben:
This all doesn’t just matter because people are off. It matters because the degree to which people perceive problems guides how they make political decisions.
Lawrence and I actually found that correcting erroneous estimates of the unemployment rate had almost no effect on public attitudes toward spending on student loans, aid to the poor, job training, unemployment benefits, or food stamps.
Of course, our study is just one study. Perhaps there are other kinds of attitudes that would be affected by giving people correct information about the unemployment rate.  Or perhaps there are other ways of providing this information that would have a larger impact.
Regardless, it seems premature to argue that Americans vastly overestimate the unemployment rate, or that the inability to estimate the unemployment rate really matters for political decisions.
John Sides is an Associate Professor of Political Science at George Washington University. He specializes in public opinion, voting, and American elections.

GOP ponders how to handle executive lawlessnessThe Republicans are wrestling with a knotty question: H ow do they thwart President Obama’s unilateral power grab on immigration reform without splintering the GOP, damaging their prospects in 2016 and assenting to a dangerous precedent?
President Obama, right, speaks while meeting with bipartisan members of Congress. (Dennis Brack/Bloomberg)
It would seem any approach in response to an executive edict legalizing millions of people should take into account these three concerns, but with two caveats.
First, it may not be possible to stop the president. Nevertheless, they should make sure that the GOP has the most to gain and the Democrats the most to lose if he proceeds.
Second, prospective 2016 presidential candidates will differ widely on what they consider damaging to the party’s prospects, and theirs. Governors who intend to run against Washington D.C. might not care if the GOP shuts down the government, wreaks havoc on the country and gets bogged down in a war with the president. They are going to run against D.C., against Hillary Clinton (who will be forced to cheer the action) and against any GOP senators who contributed to the mess. Among the 2016 GOP presidential aspirants in the Senate, Ted Cruz (Tex.) is the most at risk of a meltdown or another government shutdown. He was largely responsible for the first shutdown and another one would eviscerate any hope he might have of being seen as a responsible figure. Meanwhile, he and Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) must satisfy their core supporters whose sense of political realism is shaky.
Most Republicans — not all — would agree impeachment of the president is a nonstarter both because 2/3 of the Senate would never vote to impeach and because, if by some miracle they did, Vice President Joe Biden would become president and the GOP would be vilified. That said, it is hard to think of a reason not to censure the president. Yes, it is symbolic, but symbolism matters both as a statement of the egregiousness of a president power grab and as undercutting the action as a viable precedent for future presidents (of either party).
I would suggest that shutting down the government is also a nonstarter, no matter how unpopular the president’s move might be. He would like nothing better than to shift the discussion from his lawlessness to shutdown blame-pointing. And, if we look at our three criteria, this would  set off another GOP internal battle and could well harm the reelection prospects of a number of GOP senators who must defend blue or purple states.
This does not mean the GOP need fund the government through the end of the fiscal year, giving the president a complete pass. If the GOP House sends the Senate a clean, short-term funding measure to put on the president’s desk that would keep the government funded for a few months, Democrats would be hard pressed to reject it. And Democrats would be nervous about a shutdown that would occur on the Democratic Senate’s watch. In any event, every Democrat will have to decide whether to be a door mat for a lawless president.
That then pushes the confrontation into 2015 when GOP majorities in the Senate and House have some more room to maneuver. They could send funding bills to keep virtually every function of government running except that which would administer instant legalization. They could pass legislation to undo the president’s power grab — forcing Democrats in the Senate to take hard votes to filibuster and/or to sustain a veto. The chances of prevailing are small, however, but Congress should demonstrate it has tried reasonable alternatives before funding the remainder of the fiscal year.
And finally, both Congress and 2016 presidential aspirants can make clear: Anyone who applies for legalization now has a free pass that expires when Obama leaves office. New legislation may be passed, but there is no guarantee the illegals who proceeded under an unconstitutional presidential edict will escape deportation or that the free pass from deportation won’t be narrower than that which Obama decrees. (Whether Congress and a new president actually  would un-legalize people is an open question, but as a technical matter and to discourage massive sign-ups the GOP should be clear that the landscape can change dramatically in 2017.)
None of these avenues is perfect, and it may be that the GOP can’t attain all three goals — thwarting Obama, avoiding a civil war and preserving their 2016 prospects. However, they should keep in mind the medical adage to first do no harm. Obama’s move will be popular with his base, but outrage millions of voters. The GOP should do everything it can to make sure Americans queasy about the rule of law and furious about instantaneous, massive legalization with no border control guarantee have a reasonable and responsible GOP to vote for in 2016.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.

Fleeting fall color: A run through Bull RunComments
By Kevin Ambrose November 16
Splashes of yellow are visible in the trees along the banks Bull Run, November 15, 2014. (Kevin Ambrose)
Colorful foliage is rapidly diminishing in our area.  Within a week or so, winter woods will prevail.  But on Saturday, I enjoyed autumn’s last colorful hurrah in the woods near Bull Run.  The crisp air felt more like mid-December than mid-November for checking out the fall foliage.
I took a GoPro HERO3+ camera on a six mile run in Bull Run Regional Park .  I dressed for a winter run and snapped photos along the trail when I encountered colorful foliage.  The photos are not of the quality that I would take with my DSLR camera, but the GoPro did a good job considering there are no manual settings.  Besides, a DSLR is a little heavy for a run.
Can you find the Civil War fort in this photo? The Blue Trail in Bull Run Regional Park is located next to an 1861-62 fort that faced toward Manassas, Virginia. It’s now just large mounds of earth overgrown by trees. NVRPA has marked the fort with signs.  This photo was taken November 15, 2014.  (Kevin Ambrose)
Most of the color in the forest occurred in isolated patches, in the smaller trees, but a few areas of woods still have widespread, colorful foliage, at least for the next few days.  Soon, most of the area’s deciduous forests will be brown and bare.
I have included a few photos from my run through the woods near Bull Run.  I started the run at Rt 28 and turned around near Hemlock Overlook .  At times, the footing was a little treacherous because a carpet of newly fallen leaves hid the roots and rocks on the trail.  It’s an absolutely beautiful trail but be careful not to sprain an ankle!
Here’s a trail map if you’re interested to check out the park.
A red oak sapling has vibrant red foliage while the mature oak trees have already lost their leaves. This photo shows the Blue Trail in Bull Run Regional Park on November 15, 2014. (Kevin Ambrose)
Most of the trees are bare at a creek crossing near Bull Run, November 15, 2014. (Kevin Ambrose)
Small sections of forest in Bull Run Regional Park, between Manassas and Clifton, still have beautiful, yellow foliage.  In a week or so winter woods will prevail. (Kevin Ambrose)
Trees around a creek crossing in Bull Run Regional Park have a few colorful leaves remaining. (Kevin Ambrose)
A large patch of yellow leaves in section of forest that is otherwise free from foliage. (Kevin Ambrose)
The Blue Trail was sometimes hard to see due to the carpet of freshly fallen leaves. (Kevin Ambrose)

5 Way The Amazon Echo Could Be Essential For Your Officereddit
Before Amazon Echo has even hit the virtual shelves, many tech journalists are predicting that Echo, and connected devices like it, are the future of computers. Smart devices like the Google Nest are making our houses and our electronics easier to control; the automated devices learn your preferences and adjust to them so you don't even have to touch them. Even light switches and batteries may soon be connected. It is designed to be a virtual assistant for your home, but it can be adapted to suit the needs of many small offices.
1. Echo Will Make Having To Wait For You a Better Experience
Waiting for someone is never fun. It only hurts if the person outside can hear you, which is why many places like to use white noise machines to fill the air with ambient sounds. Such an item can set you back almost $100, which, coincidentally, is the same price as an Echo. The album "Sounds of the Ocean" is free on Amazon Prime Music, or you can stream it and tracks like it without commercials for free. Not only does it do that, you can ask it for the weather, definition, or even a joke, and it will tell you the answer. For people who have lots of time on their hands, this little distraction will make time go by much faster.
2. Echo Will Keep Your Office From Running Out of Supplies
A modern office needs to buy tons of things to keep humming smoothly, from everyday objects like pens and toner, to expensive items like printers and computer screens. When an office is running low on supplies, it doesn't just replenish itself by magic--but one day it might. Echo is designed to recognize different voices, so it can most likely authorize some voices to make purchases instantly, and other voices to add to the shopping list. Whenever an office is low on supplies, just let Echo know and Amazon will do the rest.
3. Echo May Integrate With Other Popular Office Software
There are many possible uses for Echo in the office that, so far, Amazon has not advertised, but would be very easy for them to do. The voice recognition can be combined with Google Calendar to add an appointment, and add secondary information at the same time--Google Calendar today has a "quick add," but to add details you need to click on the date. Similarly, it might integrate with Outlook to add contacts. Echo may also be able to add notes to a profile, in much the same way it adds milk to your shopping list. You can have it read back these notes to easily remind yourself of important details about a client.
4. Echo Will Be Your Best Secretary
Echo should be able to handle many things that a good boss would never put her office assistant through. Amazon Echo will be able to follow news and Twitter feeds for mention of certain names and products, and be able to read them aloud on command. Echo will also be able to sort through emails, possibly by both the sender and certain key words, and alert you in real time. It might also be able to transcribe an entire conversation.
5. It Will Control Your Smart Office
In a smart office, many devices will communicate with each other. Echo will be used to control everything by voice. You can tell Echo you're going home, and as soon as the door closes the lights go out, the computer goes to sleep, and the door locks behind you. When you get into work, you can have it turn everything on. You can also give yourself a to-do list to plan the day.
As of this writing, what Amazon Echo will and won't do is not known for sure. Echo is available only by invitation, and no tech journalists have so far been able to get an early model to review. When Google introduced both Gmail and Google Plus, they were invite-only as well. This semi-exclusive beta testing allows Amazon to work the kinks out of their device before it is available to the public. Amazon Echo is uniquely suited to a small scale test because it literally listens to what you want. If there's something it can't do, it will silently report it to Amazon, and perhaps that feature will be available in the next upgrade. In other words, the more testers who bring Echo to the office with them, the better it will be for every office.
About the author:
Reuben Yonatan ( @reubenyonatan ) is the founder and CEO at GetVoIP - a comparison resource for communication solutions. Writer on various publications, and featured in dozens of interviews and podcasts. My writings blend commentary, research, and perspective on ecommerece trends, business strategies, leadership, enterprise communication, and at times just my two cents.
Follow Reuben Yonatan on Twitter: www.twitter.com/reubenyonatan
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Trotz pleased with Wilsons returnBy Alex Prewitt November 16 Follow @alex_prewitt
(Billy Hurst/USA TODAY Sports)
ST. LOUIS – Saturday morning here at Scottrade Center, a small group of injured Washington Capitals – and defenseman Jack Hillen – worked out under the watch of assistant coach Todd Reirden, a quick conditioning skate to keep everyone in shape.
Forward Brooks Laich and defenseman Dmitry Orlov, both on injured reserve, stayed late, exhausting themselves with pyramid-style sprints: 10 seconds, 20 seconds, 30 seconds, then in reverse order. Liam O’Brien tested his lower-body issue and found it unable to hold up. Hillen attended, knowing he would be scratched later that night. And forward Tom Wilson determined it was time to return.
Absent two games with a lower-body tweak suffered against Carolina exactly one week ago, Wilson rejoined the Capitals’ top line and, amid an eye-opening 4-1 loss to host St. Louis, became a shining example for his coach.
“Tom Wilson was our best player,” Trotz said. “He was sticking up for teammates, he was getting in on people, he was getting people off their game.”
This wasn’t the first time Trotz used his postgame news conference as a pulpit to call for change. After Washington lost to Arizona, Trotz issued a demand for his team’s “behavior” to improve, which it seemingly did, because those pleas stopped. Now, after a night when Wilson skated 19 shifts, spent seven minutes inside the penalty box and was on the ice for two Blues goals, Trotz called for his players to become more like Wilson.
“I need more people to help Tom Wilson instead of him sticking up for everybody else,” Trotz said. “They started coming after for him, and I need more of our guys to stick up for him.”
Nor was it the first time Trotz has lauded Wilson for supporting teammates, a trait the coach preached this preseason when he described a desired “gang mentality.” as
Of course, there’s a balance to strike, because how can Wilson stick up for his teammates – or anyone stick up for him – so long as he sits in the penalty box? And Wilson too has sought that same balance, between serving as a personal bodyguard for Nicklas Backstrom and Alex Ovechkin, while also hunting offensive contributions on the top line. Saturday night, Trotz said, the 20-year-old did both.
At even-strength, according to War on Ice , Wilson posted the second-highest Fenwick-for rate among Capitals forwards (58.33 percent), a measurement of unblocked shot differential, while both Ovechkin and Backstrom were below 50 percent. He also earned a five-minute fighting major after Ryan Reaves objected to a hit dealt by Backstrom , locking arms with Reaves near center ice, dancing into the Capitals’ defensive zone and dropping the gloves.
Later, in the third period, officials hit Wilson and St. Louis captain David Backes with coincidental minors, Wilson for slashing and Backes for cross-checking, after a small scrum near the boards, started because of a punishing hit by Wilson which toppled both Alexander Steen and teammate Matt Niskanen.  Before long, the Scottrade Center crowd alternated between booing Wilson and cheering whenever he got hit, which seemed to happen with increasing frequency as the night devolved into chippiness and the lead expanded.
“They’ve got a good team, they’ve got a good crowd and they come at you hard,” Trotz said after. “It’s a hard place to come into. A good hockey team that plays hard. If you want to play shinny in this barn, you’re not going to be successful. If you want to play a man’s game, and go head-to-head and toe-to-toe, you have a chance to win here.”
In Trotz’s mind, Wilson tried, and for that got hoisted onto the pedestal.
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

There needs to be more application from batsmen: KohliPrint
Kohli made a gritty unbeaten century as a dominant India completed a 5-0 whitewash. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Ranchi | Posted: November 16, 2014 11:24 pm | Updated: November 16, 2014 11:31 pm
After he powered India to a clean sweep over Sr Lanka with an unbeaten ton in Ranchi on Sunday, Virat Kohli said he was a “little worried and annoyed” when his batsmen were throwing away their wickets and demanded more application from them.
Kohli made a gritty unbeaten century as a dominant India completed a 5-0 whitewash by winning the fifth and final One-day International by three wickets.
“I was a little worried and annoyed (when running out of partners). You have to understand the match situations,” Kohli said in the post-match presentation ceremony.
Opting to bat, Sri Lanka rode on their skipper Angelo Mathews’ unbeaten 116-ball 139 to put up a challenging 286 for eight at the JSCA International Stadium Complex, before Kohli (139) guided India home with eight balls to spare.
“There needs to be more application. Axar (Patel) played a composed innings, he listened to me. The ball wasn’t quite coming on. It wasn’t easy once the ball got old. I was running out of partners and that is something others need to learn from this on how to maintain composure.
From 150 for two, India slumped to 215 for five in the 40th over.
“If you want to make others to do something else, it has to start from me. I played the helicopter and it came off well. Playing in MS’ hometown, it worked well.
“You saw the character and composure of some young guys in the series. Rohit’s (Sharma) knock was legendary and it won’t be bettered soon.”
Man of the Series Kohli, who struck 12 fours and three sixes in his 139-run knock, also thanked the Sri Lankan team for coming to India on a short notice to play the series.
Lankan captain Angelo Mathews, who too scored a century in the match, said, “Unfortunately we did not play good cricket once again and India did play very well.”
Mathews further said, “It was a tough wicket. I thought I needed to hang in there and build a partnership with Thirimanne and later i had a go and it clicked. We batted pretty well and 287 was a huge score on this pitch.
“But Kohli batted very well and best of luck to them in Australia. We got to flush this out of the system as soon as possible and need to gear up for the England series.”

Burwell: 100 000 people submitted applications for ACA coverageBy Katie Zezima November 16 Follow @katiezez
"I think the vast majority of people coming to the site were able to get on and do what they had to do," Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell said on NBC's "Meet the Press." (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
Secretary of Health and Human Services Sylvia Mathews Burwell said 100,000 people submitted applications for coverage under the Affordable Care Act on Saturday, the first day of the law's second enrollment period.
Speaking Sunday on NBC's "Meet the Press," Burwell said that more than 500,000 people were able to log on to the government's Web site, healthcare.gov, and that more than 1 million people have been "window-shopping" for insurance options.
"I think the vast majority of people coming to the site were able to get on and do what they had to do," she said.
The numbers and apparent smoothness of the process are a stark contrast to last year's rollout of the site, which was hobbled by technical difficulties.
Burwell also addressed comments by Jonathan Gruber, a former health-care consultant to the Obama administration. A video emerged last week of Gruber, an architect of the Affordable Care Act, saying that the law passed through Congress because of the "stupidity of the American voter" and a "lack of transparency" over how it is funded.
"I have to start with how fundamentally I disagree with his comments about the bill and about the American people," Burwell said, adding that she has "focused on transparency" since being nominated as secretary. "The law is based on the issues of transparency and belief in the American people and choices in the marketplace."
Katie Zezima covers the White House for Post Politics and The Fix.

4 Workers Killed In Chemical Leak At Texas Plant4 Workers Die After Chemical Leak At Texas Plant
Posted:
Updated:
11/16/2014  7:59 am EST
This undated image shows a sign a a DePont Facility in Laporte, Texas. AP Photo/Houston Chronicle, Marie D. De Jesus) | AP
reddit
LA PORTE, Texas (AP) — Four workers were killed and one was injured Saturday during a hazardous chemical leak at a DuPont industrial plant in suburban Houston, company officials said.
The chemical, methyl mercaptan, began leaking from a valve around 4 a.m. in a unit at the plant in La Porte, about 20 miles east of Houston. Plant officials said the release was contained by 6 a.m.
Methyl mercaptan was used at the plant to create crop-protection products such as insecticides and fungicides, according to DuPont. The cause of the leak was not immediately known.
Five employees were in the unit at the time of the incident and were exposed to the chemical, the company said. Four died at the plant, and one was hospitalized.
"There are no words to fully express the loss we feel or the concern and sympathy we extend to the families of the employees and their co-workers," plant manager Randall Clements said in a statement. "We are in close touch with them and providing them every measure of support and assistance at this time."
The company said the fifth worker who was hospitalized was being held for observation but didn't provide further details. DuPont would only say "the employee is currently receiving treatment." None of the victims was immediately identified.
DuPont will cooperate with local, state and federal officials investigating the leak, Clements said.
"As part of that investigation, we are conducting our own top-to-bottom review of this incident and we will share what we learn with the relevant authorities," he said.
The U.S. Chemical Safety Board, a federal agency that investigates chemical accidents, announced late Saturday that it was sending a seven-person team to investigate the incident.
Jeff Suggs, emergency management coordinator for La Porte, said the chemical release was not toxic for those living nearby, but that it caused a smell that's similar to rotten eggs.
"It's a nuisance smell in the area. It's a smell that's traveled quite far," Suggs said.
The odor from the leak lingered in the area for the better part of the day and reached areas about 40 miles away, The Houston Chronicle reported.
Methyl mercaptan is also commonly used to odorize natural gas — which has no odor — for safety purposes.
The La Porte plant has 320 DuPont employees. Four other companies are also tenants at the complex.
More:

3 Benefits of Continuous Recruitmentreddit
If your company doesn't have any open positions, what's the point of recruiting?
It's a question worth considering, and most companies seem to agree with the sentiment: there is no point in recruiting when there aren't any open positions. In fact, a recent study by CareerBuilder found only 38 percent of employers continuously recruit throughout the year for positions that may open up down the line.
However, having and leaving open vacancies can have a big impact on a company, costing time and money and impacting current employees in a negative way. To avoid this, your company should always be recruiting. Although it may seem like overkill, a company that continuously recruits builds what is called a 'talent pipeline,' or a community of qualified, interested candidates with the skills and experience to meet your organization's unique needs.
There are three main benefits of continuous recruitment:
1. Open positions see shorter vacancy times.
Right now, it's taking companies longer than ever to fill open positions: 26 days, according to the Dice-DFH Vacancy Duration Measure . And those are work days, meaning it can take five full weeks for a company to fill an opening. This is even longer than it took during the recession (16 days, according to the same measure).
The longer a position stays open, the more it impacts a company, especially financially. In fact, companies can determine the financial impact of an open position by calculating the daily revenue per employee. Simply take the annual company revenue, divide it by the number of employees, and divide that number by 365. That number is the amount of revenue your open position is costing your company.
Ideally, there would be a seamless transition between employees, allowing companies to maintain productivity. While this isn't always possible, continuous recruitment can help cut down on the time it takes to fill these vacancies.
2. It's more cost efficient.
The average cost-per-hire is $5,100, according to a May 2013 study by the National Association of Colleges and Employers. That means companies are spending more than five thousand dollars on finding, recruiting and training new talent. Continuous recruitment can help cut down on this cost, as well as the cost of lost productivity when open positions remain unfilled.
In addition, having a pool of talented applicants to choose from can help keep companies from making hiring mistakes that will cost even more money in the long-run. Instead of feeling rushed to find and hire someone, you can choose from a pool of applicants you already know are a strong fit.
Also consider the fact that continuous recruitment can be done using social media channels, which are incredibly cost-efficient for organizations. Through sites like LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter, companies can be continuously connecting and interacting with talent for little to no cost. And, 59 percent of recruiters have found what they call their best candidates through social media.
3. Current employees are more motivated.
A March 2013 study in the International Journal of Business and Management Invention found there is a significant relationship between employee motivation and job stress. Simply put, the higher level of job stress, the less motivation an employee feels.
When there is an extended open vacancy, it's the current employees who have to pick up the slack and shoulder the burden of extra work in order to ensure everything gets done. Continuous recruitment cuts down on this. Instead of two people doing the job of three, the work is spread out evenly, and having a manageable workload leads to less stress on employees, making them more motivated.
Continuous recruitment and building a talent pipeline allow your company to take control of the recruitment process. Instead of starting from scratch and searching out applicants every time there's a vacancy, you will have your pick of qualified and relevant applicants readily available.
What are other benefits of continuous recruitment?
Follow Val Matta on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@careershift
More:

Ah  Yet Another Meaningless Corporate Finereddit
Apparently corporations can now exercise their religious beliefs and have free speech rights capable of affecting the outcome of elections, but until they can be put in a cell and made to work in the prison laundry, one or more persons must be punished for their crimes. The New York Times (11/13/14) reports that: "Big Banks Are Fined $4.25 Billion for Currency Rigging."  I have frequently and reluctantly borrowed from the NRA: Corporations don't commit crimes; people commit crimes. According to the Times the banks "joined forces and shared information to 'double team' their clients and manipulate currency rates," but "the fines pose no risk to the health of the banks that settled." Surprise! Surprise! The frequency of these fines and their ever larger amounts indicate that they do not serve to deter. Those persons actually committing the crimes continue in their employment and probably receive raises and bonuses. The stockholders -- many of whom did not own the stock at the time of wrongdoing -- in effect, pay the fines. Ultimately the banks will find a way to pass the fines on to the consumer -- their customers.
True, no one was physically harmed or killed by this conduct as in many other instances in which the responsible corporate executives escape indictment and punishment. The perception, buttressed by the facts, is that somehow corporate executives of major corporations get a pass when it comes to individual criminal responsibility. These crimes are envisioned, created and carried out by people -- not by some mechanical, uncontrollable and faceless mechanical giant. Compare the fate of 5 black executives of a small corporation indicted, convicted and now serving sentences as long as 11 years basically for saying that they could pay their corporate bills and finding that they could not.
The public has this view, rightfully so, that corporations guilty of killing people, harming them or depriving them of their hard-earned money reach into their petty cash drawers to pay these fines -- no matter how large -- while gleefully going right on doing the conduct for which they were fined. This pervasive criminal conduct can no longer merely be the cost of doing business -- freedom of the guilty corporate executives must be the cost. Fines are what you pay for over-time parking -- not for major corporate criminal activity which kills, harms or steals from people.
More:

Critical Thinking Skills: Higher Education Must Lead Business to Maximize Full Value of Employeesreddit
Substantial long-term research (e.g. Arum & Roksa) and comments from employers suggest that a large portion of college and university graduates lack critical thinking skills. They are often referred to as problem-solving skills by the business community.  Students also tend to overstate or exaggerate these skills or abilities when self-reporting them.  A recent article in The Wall Street Journal argued that higher education is "... not producing graduates who can solve problems and connect the dots on complex issues, but (their) bosses stumble when pressed to describe what skills make critical thinkers."
Responses of WSJ's readers included (in quotes) suggest that there is a list of observable generic critical thinking skills, which include:
• Applying: "Challenging assumptions and asking provocative questions" about the status quo.  Key abilities: choose between alternatives, identify similarities and admit differences, explain relevant context and background, and to easily paraphrase issues, etc.
• Analyzing: "Gathering all the details, reviewing them carefully and objectively while applying your own experience."  Key abilities: compare, contrast and test alternatives based on ambiguous, incomplete or partial information, to criticize in a balanced and civil manner, etc.
• Evaluating: "Frame the right questions" Key abilities: appraise a new challenge, support another division, defend a minority position, being fair-minded etc.
* Creating: "Connecting the dots in new ways to better interpret signals around you."  Key abilities: develop new models from experience, create or design new processes to meet changing market needs, develop new unique programs, etc.
These skills have been identified and used by academic accrediting bodies, such as the AACSB, to certify its business school membership.  They are called meta-cognitive levels of learning, i.e., extending beyond rote memorization and identification.
A Puzzle:
If accrediting organizations are reviewing curricula for inclusion of employment level critical thinking skills, why is it that substantial portions of graduates are not able to demonstrate their use on the job? The employment sector actively seeks these skills but it can't even reach a consensus on how to define them, although many can be measured behaviorally.
My suggestions as to why the puzzle exists and what can be done about it are as follows:
• Because critical thinking skills are difficult to measure, academics have not developed a meaningful and ongoing dialog with employers about how to define problem-solving skills in their job descriptions, or what critical thinking means in particular career contexts. Those above represent just one core generic group or related network of skills.
• Critical thinking accreditation requirements are often satisfied by requiring a course(s) in logic, moral philosophy, or research methods and tools, etc. as a program requirement. But there is no assurance that such courses suffice, or that they actually "prepare" them to apply these skills with sufficient rigor, breath and depth at their entry-level positions.
What Needs To Be Done
• Critical thinking must be integrated throughout the entire curriculum.  This appears to be a minimum requirement to achieve the necessary educational outcomes for the 21st century.
• Critical thinking must be practiced over an entire four-year undergraduate academic program, if it is to have lasting impact.  It takes time, discipline, and hard work and this must be recognized.  It also must be closely tied to effective writing and oral communication.
• Faculty must be attentive to their pedagogy, and they must be motivated to model critical thinking skills in their classes.  Many faculty already apply these skills in classes, but the comments of employers suggest an insufficient number. For the remaining faculty, adding generic critical thinking approaches will be a substantial cultural change. To obtain the required results, administrators, department chairs and others will have to slowly, but firmly, galvanize this group.  Collaborative, team-taught, interdisciplinary seminars could be an answer.
• For its return on investment, the public (including employers) is demanding breadth and depth in content mastery from higher education. In Rochester Institute of Technology's new strategic plan , the university will respond with education in fields with employer demand integrated with critical and innovative thinking. Students and faculty will be involved in interdisciplinary learning projects, which will naturally sharpen problem-solving skills.
Citations:
Richard Arum & Josipa Roksa, (2014) "Aspiring Adults - Tentative Transitions of College Graduates," The University of Chicago Press.
Melisa Korn (2014) "Bosses seek Critical Thinking, But What Is it? The Wall Street Journal, October 22nd, p. B6.  Elana Zak (2014) "Always Ask ' Why?' Readers on Using Critical Thinking at Work," The Wall Street Journal, October 23rd.
For example, see: http://ww2.odu.edu/educ/roverbau/Bloom/blooms_taxonomy.htm
To show that business are now increasingly using nontraditional behavioral types of performance benchmarks see: Emily Chasan, (2012) "New Benchmarks Crop Up in Companies' Financial Reports," The Wall Street Journal, November 13th.
Follow Bill Destler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RITNews
More:

Getting the Most Out of Customer PraiseNothing draws a crowd quite like a crowd.
- P.T. Barnum
American showman P.T. Barnum was a man who knew a little something about the power of social proof, and his advice stands as a lesson that every business owner needs to learn:
Your customers will always be more persuasive than you.
No matter how compelling you make your copy or how beautifully you design your product, customer reviews will still play a pivotal role in enticing people to give your business a chance. Potential customers want the honest scoop on your business, and when evaluating you they heavily favor the opinion of the crowd.
A host of research supports this point:
Over 70% of Americans say they look at product testimonials and reviews before making a purchase.
Nearly 63% of consumers indicate they are more likely to purchase from a site if it has ratings and reviews.
Given the importance of customer testimonials and reviews, you can't waste this precious opportunity to put your best foot forward by using "vanilla" praise about your products or services.
Sometimes customers make it easy for you.  The Help Scout reviews folks have left on app sites has always flattered us as a company, but a true testimonial is a little more strategic than grabbing "the nicest thing said."
You can apply an tactical touch to help what customers are saying connect with the concerns of customers who are buying. There are a few small ways to get the most out of each testimonial.
Below we're going dive into academic research that offers proven ways to ensure you maximize the persuasive potential of each and every piece of positive feedback!
1.) Use Photos to Increase Trust
Let's begin with a hard truth for all business owners:
Just because you are telling the truth doesn't mean customers are going to believe you.
This is an important consideration as we review research on increasing the believability of testimonials. Many entrepreneurs may be inclined to think, "Why should I worry about that? I'm already being honest!"
Recent research  on increasing perceived trust, or "truthiness," through photographs reveals that photos make facts and statements more believable ... even when the photo is unrelated or the information it supports is inaccurate!
Take for example a picture of a thermometer placed next to the text, "The liquid metal inside a thermometer is magnesium." The photo increased the amount of people who evaluated the "fact" as true (even though it wasn't, and the photo offered no additional supporting evidence).
The same is true when it comes to photographs of people. As seen in the below example from  KISSmetrics' Customer page , you can enhance the persuasiveness of honest reviews by simply adding a picture of the reviewer who is passing along their thoughts on your business.
As an added benefit,  faces are renowned  as the aspect that draws the most attention on nearly every single web page.  Research  even suggests that seeing a face can increase the empathy we feel towards the other person, despite never having met them.
These findings all point to a simple conclusion: If you want prospective buyers to take note of and value the praise you've received from current customers, you must put a face with the name of the reviewer.
2.) Why Transportation Leads to Persuasion
As psychologist Jeremy Dean notes,  transportation leads to persuasion , and it's easy to see why. Imagine that you are looking for a new hosting solution for your online business, and you land on a page with a customer testimonial that reads like this:
Fantastic product, my sites all run super fast and the support is excellent!
Sounds great ... but it's something you've heard 100 times before.
Now imagine that you come across a competitor who has this review front and center on their homepage:
Every time my business gained a big feature in the past, our site would crash. Two months ago, when I heard that we would be featured on CNN's small business section, I nearly had a heart attack. Scrambling, I looked for a way to upgrade my hosting and migrate my site painlessly; any downtime for me can result in thousands in lost revenue.
Fortunately, XYZ Hosting was my knight in shining armor. They set me up on their enterprise plan and handled the entire process (and all of my nagging questions) flawlessly.
Captivating, right?
That's because every webmaster out there has at least one horror story about a huge surge of traffic taking their site down. The idea of site downtime potentially costing them thousands of dollars is enough to make their hair stand on end.
This story illustrates this exact dreaded situation and how XYZ Hosting handled it. Although the first testimonial is shorter and has more "snap," it's far too generic and doesn't tap into the power of storytelling.
Why are stories so effective? According  to research  on the persuasive effects of stories, the answer lies in the ability of a well-told story to "slip in under our radar" and persuade us when we least expect it.
That is to say, stories can capture our attention and wrap us up in the details. We are more likely to listen to a message when it is relayed through a story.
In fact, according to psychologists Christopher Chabris and Daniel Simons (authors of  The Invisible Gorilla ), stories tend to be more memorable than even facts and statistics.
Our ancestors lacked access to huge data sets and experimental methods. By necessity, we learned from specific examples, not by compiling data from many people across a wide range of situations.
While most of us have a habit of blocking out aggressive marketing gimmicks, there is a certain level of suspense we feel when reading a good story, and we usually answer the call to finish it to the end because we want to know, "What happens next?"
If you are looking for the sort of testimonials that potential customers can easily relate to and actually want to read, you can do no better than presenting the enchanting story of a satisfied customer getting the most out of your product.
3.) Appealing to Implicit Egotism
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
--Bill Cosby
Why do personal recommendations from friends carry so much more weight than a multimillion-dollar commercial?
We know our friends will offer up an honest opinion with our best interests in mind. No advertisement can ever buy that sort of persuasive effect, no matter the marketing budget. It's the reason why social signals are so popular on the web today (picture the Facebook feature, "3 of your friends like this").
Despite their best efforts, it's impossible for entrepreneurs to create a personal recommendation for every potential customer that might come their way. The next best option? Tap into the power of  implicit egotism , our bias to be more interested, trusting and favorable toward people who are similar to us.
As accepting as you may want to be to people of all types, our brains have a subconscious bias towards our absolute favorite person ... ourselves! This has been proven through a  variety of research  that paints a clear picture of why we like people who are like us.
Since their traits resemble our own, we tend to activate positive, automatic associations with ourselves. A simplistic way to describe this subconscious processing would be, "I like me, and that person is similar to me, so I must like them, too!"
What does this have to do with smarter testimonials?
Simply put, if you want customers to envision themselves successfully using your product, make use of a testimonial from a current customer that they are able to relate to.
Too often companies rely on bland reviews from John Doe, customer #99217. You know from our previous look  at customer profiling  that you are very likely to have specific "ideal customers" who are the best fit for you business. You should be appealing to these ideal customers at every turn, testimonials included!
There is one exception...
The only time you should use a testimonial that doesn't fit this mold is when you can leverage the power of authority, as seen in the  Halo effect .
This psychological principle occurs when one's judgment of a person's character can be influenced by their overall impression of him or her. This explains why some influencers seem to have the Midas touch--everything they dabble in appears to gain attention and notoriety.
While these influential testimonials may not come from your typical customers, they work well because they utilize inspirational persuasion. The added social proof of a recognized name endorsing your company is just the icing on the cake.
In a  case study  conducted by Neil Patel, Vice President of Marketing for KISSmetrics, Patel found that featuring larger, more influential clients had a real impact on his conversion rates and his company's bottom line.
When we showed potential clients all of the small businesses we worked with, our conversion rate of locking them in as a customer decreased by almost half versus only showing them the large brands we worked with."
Featuring testimonials from these important clients allowed their prestige to rub off on his company, despite the fact that Patel's usual client isn't a huge company or brand like Michael Arrington's TechCrunch.
In fact,  recent research  shows that the mere association with someone recognizable makes the other associated people or brands seem more popular, credible, and trustworthy!
With this in mind, you can see that there's a reason we feature  customer Gary Vaynerchuk  on the Help Scout homepage.
Although Vaynerchuk's popularity may be at a different level than many of our customers, his brand is built on taking care of customers. The fact that many small business owners readily recognize him makes him a great example to aspire to.
***
Gregory Ciotti is on the growth team at Help Scout --  the invisible email support software for SaaS & ecommerce companies who love their customers. See how Help Scout can transform your customer service  and help you set up a beautiful knowledge base with Docs in minutes.
Follow Gregory Ciotti on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GregoryCiotti
More:

David Ogilvy s Contrarian Management Advicereddit
A true leader is one who inspires loyalty with no regard to rank or position.
David Ogilvy, the vaunted "Father of Advertising" and legend among the marketing community, has surely earned the designation of leader. While his true cunning lay in the craft of copywriting, throughout his book Confessions of an Advertising Man you will find deep insights on management, candor, and company culture.
The care he put into making every word matter for his campaigns mirrors his attention to detail in how he ran his company. For Ogilvy, many of his finest learnings on management came from an early job working as a chef in Paris. His experiences there would later establish the principles that were embedded in the Ogilvy & Mather agency:
Thirty years ago I was a chef at the Hotel Majestic in Paris. Henri Soule of the Pavillon tells me that it was probably the best kitchen there has ever been.
Every man jack was inspired by one ambition: to cook better than any chef had ever cooked before. Our esprit de corps would have done credit to the Marines.
I have always believed that if I could understand how Monsieur Pitard, the head chef, inspired such white-hot morale, I could apply the same kind of leadership to the management of my advertising agency.
By any standard, it seems that during his tenure as "Monsieur" of an advertising agency, he succeeded. Below are some of his prudent and often contrarian takes on how an organization should be run.
On Keeping Praise Sacred
Top-shelf words can begin to lose their meaning when applied inappropriately--for instance, it seems everything is mind blowing on the web of lies.
One humorous example that I'm consistently reminded of is the American tendency to use the word "awesome" in mundane situations. My cousin from Italy is fond of ribbing us for this: "Everything in America is 'awesome.' That hamburger was awesome, this weather is awesome--why don't you say it is nice?"
He's teasing, but the literal definition of awesome, "inspiring an overwhelming feeling of reverence, admiration, or fear," clearly shows that its modern usage has left it with a tamer meaning.
Praise, Ogilvy argued, can suffer from the same type of dilution. At the Hotel Majestic, coming across words of praise was just uncommon enough to make each instance a momentous occasion.
"Monsieur Pitard praised very seldom, but when he did, we were exalted to the skies."
Why might this practice be ideal? Surely you want to keep morale high with words of encouragement, right?
To make his point, Ogilvy details a story of an impromptu visit from the President of France for a banquet hosted at the Majestic. A lively electricity filled the air as chefs and servers alike scrambled in hopes of leaving a lasting impression on this exalted guest. Ogilvy, responsible for the frogs' legs covered in a white chaud-froid sauce, describes the tension he felt once it became clear that Pitard was observing him closely:
Suddenly I became aware that M. Pitard was standing beside me, watching. I was so frightened that my knees knocked together and my hands trembled. He took the pencil from his starched toque and waved it in the air, his signal for the whole brigade to gather. Then he pointed at my frogs' legs and said, very slowly and very quietly, "That's how to do it."
I was his slave for life.
As is expected for a captivating writer like Ogilvy, this tale is wrapped in suspense and delivered with gusto. One might infer, however, that this sort of tense environment is not suitable for every company culture. More important is the underlying theme: praise is more meaningful when it is kept sacred.
Every great employee should feel celebrated amongst the team. Share praise, own blame, and encourage comradery through mutual respect. What Pitard's practice reminds us is that the meaning of "excellent work" can become diminished when it is doled out too liberally. It is no longer cherished, but expected.
The worst way this could settle throughout a talented team is in creating an aversion to candor ; with compliments being thrown about for every small deed, people become hesitant to lay claim that something is merely okay, or that a particular piece of work isn't up to the standards that the group has come to expect from each other.
Celebrate wins heartily with your team, but know that kind words can begin to fall on deaf ears when every conversation is a steady gush of applause.
Leading with a Signature Strength
The maker-manager transition is one that many founders know well. Progress cannot be made unless you continually fire yourself from former roles, leaving them filled with more talented replacements. Ogilvy himself disdained hiring those who he knew would never match him.
And yet, he shares a belief on leadership also held by Jason Lemkin: that you must lead by example. Lemkin, former founder of EchoSign and venture capitalist, gave this response when asked, "How does a CEO build a successful culture?"
Be better than everyone else at the company at one core function. Then, people will follow you. Maybe not everyone. But, at least some. Even if you are a horrible manager. And lack people skills. They will respect you for being the best in the company at a core function. But if you aren't the #1 best at something, it's hard for anyone to follow you through the Desert of Nothing to success. I don't really see those founder-CEOs ever succeed.
It almost seems paradoxical, as founders often need to step back in order to do their jobs better by letting the craftsmen (and women) take the reigns on the work as they spend more time steering the ship. Lemkin seems to advocate that early on, you must inspire the troops with skill.
Later, the skills to cultivate are the ability to hire, to maintain a magnetic culture, and to serve as the best human resources person in the company.
For Ogilvy, this philosophy was planted thanks to Chef Pitard's leadership. Although the operation of the restaurant fell squarely on his lap, Pitard seemingly knew the importance of taking rare steps back into the arena.
He had to spend most of his time at his desk, planning menus, scrutinizing bills, and ordering supplies, but once in a week he would emerge from his glass-walled office in the middle of the kitchen and actually cook something. A crowd of us always gathered around to watch, spellbound by his virtuosity. It was inspiring to work for a supreme master.
Following Pitard's example, I still write occasional advertisements myself, to remind my brigade of copywriters that my hand has not lost its cunning.
It is inspiring to be paced by a role model. They quietly remind you of what is still possible. But I would slightly contest Ogilvy's conclusion--more than losing their touch, it is oftentimes rewarding and just as important to see that the leadership hasn't lost touch with the ground-level work.
At Help Scout , I'm always inspired to see folks like our CTO Denny step in and personally help a customer with a problem. There is no detachment from the customer, and it reassures me that there is no detached interest from the company's mission at large: a modern day version of the captain who willingly slums it with the troops, so to speak. Any "brigade" will appreciate seeing that.
Set the Tone, or Have it Set for You
I've heard it argued that those companies that spend the most time opining on culture are the ones in which a lackluster one most likely resides. Perhaps true for soulless corporate giants, but young companies must understand that a culture will form whether you like it or not . Shouldn't you have some say in its direction?
Ogilvy truly believed that his advertising agency most benefitted when the top men and women relentlessly pursued this principle responsibility: to provide an atmosphere in which creative mavericks could do useful work. Much to his chagrin, as the company grew, he found he could no longer have one-on-ones with every single employee.
"It's not all beer and skittles," he warns. The larger an organization gets, the more an established culture matters, as it is no longer as malleable as it was in days past.
With this in mind, Ogilvy set the tone in two consistent ways: transparency and candor. In a yearly assembly at the Museum of Modern Art, he would address every advertiser under his wing:
[I] give them a candid report on our operations, profits and all. Then I tell them what kind of behavior I admire, in these terms:
I admire people with first-class brains, because you cannot run a great advertising agency without brainy people. But brains are not enough unless they are combined with intellectual honesty.
I despise toadies who suck up to their bosses; they are generally the same people who bully their subordinates.
I admire self-confident professionals, the craftsmen who do their jobs with superlative excellence. They always respect the expertise in their colleagues. They don't poach.
I admire people with gentle manners who treat other people as human beings. I abhor quarrelsome people. I abhor people who wage paper-warfare.
The objectives seem quite similar to modern day manifestos like Buffer's Culture or Moz's TAGFEE principle. When the team knows what the company values, they find it easier to develop and hone these behaviors.
It was Ogilvy's hope that these clear-cut standards would be held not only for his team, but for himself. Setting this precedent, he argued, created resilience among the team members, affection for one's co-workers, and a tolerance for their foibles. In short, it created unity through clarity by laying out how the company should operate.
***
Gregory Ciotti is on the growth team at Help Scout , the invisible email support software for online businesses who love their customers.
Follow Gregory Ciotti on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GregoryCiotti
More:

What Causes Good Employees to Make Bad Decisionsreddit
Character is the culmination of personality and experiences. Though character is generally stable, psychologists understand that all of us are susceptible to being "nudged" by our environments.
Listen to any well-respected CEO and she or he will place great emphasis on the company's working environment. A plethora of research shows that the people you work with and the culture you work around will affect your behavior, for better or worse.
In his book Behavioral Ethics in Organizations , Dr. Muel Kaptein gives an astute summation of the scientific literature that evaluates how different surroundings can affect decision making, a topic he first explored in a paper published by the Rotterdam School of Management.
His findings show that the leadership of the company, the values employees share, and the interaction among teams, if handled poorly, can all cause otherwise good people to make bad decisions.
Here are five of the most common, most concerning reasons that good judgment among teams can falter.
1. Employees Feel Like a "Cog in the Machine"
Brigadier General Stanley McChrystal is fond of saying that leadership starts with a shared purpose--when talented masons, carpenters, and glassworkers can all see the vision past their individual craft and know that they're part of the team "building the cathedral."Detachment from the goals at large leads to detached interest. Employees feel left behind or that they aren't heading in the same direction as the organization. This is where destructive self-interest begins to interfere.
To be clear, every employee is responsible for his or her own success and advancement in the company, so this is not an argument deterring individuals from pursuing the best in their careers. Destructive self-interest happens when the individual begins suppressing the contribution of others.
For instance, many who believe in a performance culture advocate for the individual to "Share praise, but not blame." In an ideal world, success should acknowledge the roles that others had to play, but a misstep should be owned by the individual. A self-interested employee may blame others when problems arise in order to save face, and also might not acknowledge others' contributions to a big win.
Balance is found in having interest in your personal career and in the success of your team, or as C.S Lewis would put it:
"Humility is not thinking less of yourself, but thinking of yourself less."
2. Time Pressure Puts Their Back Against a Wall
It's an established principle in psychology that ideal work/life balance tends to be achieved when the individual feels busy but not rushed . The startup life, or any job in a high-performing company, is going to require a fast pace, but Dr. Kaptein argues that when leadership loses sight of an employee's available time, they can pressure the employee to take shortcuts.
Kaptein cites a study that first had theology students preach the story of the Good Samaritan , then walk from one building to another. Along the way, they would encounter a man in distress (in actuality, this person was planted by the researchers). They found that when the students were given ample time, nearly all of them chose to help the man, but when they were told to "move as fast as possible," 90% of participants ignored the man entirely.
Leadership should strive for an active environment staffed by "progress people," but they need to be aware that some employees may attempt to shoulder additional responsibility even when they can't handle it. This pressure may cause employees to make questionable decisions in order to keep up appearances.
There is a sincere need for leadership to recognize that more hours at your desk doesn't necessarily increase the output of your work, and it certainly won't increase the quality. Focus on developing great work, not done work. Let employees know that it's okay to say no. Fires only burn when they have room to breathe, after all.
3. Employees Mirror Leadership and "Unwritten Rules"
Let me share a story with you.
I work out at a gym that's run by the Fraternal Order of Police. I mention this to note that there are no employees at this gym.
When I first started going, I noticed that the weights were always on their appropriate racks. The organization was pretty impressive. Over time, however, some key people (the "regulars") started leaving the gym in favor of Planet Fitness because the gym really needed new equipment. Bad habits started to set in, and I even found myself being affected--as someone who otherwise prides himself on being organized and a team player, I would leave weights out on the floor. Disappointing, to be sure.
Then a funny thing happened: the gym added new, updated equipment, and the regulars started coming back. It was fascinating to see the transformation that occurred afterward--once the "leadership" returned, their behavior affected everyone else. You would never find a single free weight out of place.
Beyond my personal story is a common principle in leadership: behavior of leaders cascades down to the rest of the group. A psychological phenomenon known as " negative social proof " would argue that the "right thing" to do becomes questionable when people see the right people doing the wrong things.
This sort of influence can also seep into your employees' behavior through subtle nudges in language. Statements like, "We do things by the book around here" have been shown to actively discourage creative thinking. Be careful about what sort of behavior that leadership, unwritten rules, and key team members project; people are very sharp in picking up on these subtleties, and it may affect their judgment.
4. In Winner vs. Loser Situations, Competition Gets Ugly
Encouraging inter-departmental competition may or may not be a good thing, but one thing is for sure: when a company has a competitive environment that has clear "winners" and "losers," those same employees are more likely to engage in unethical behavior.
The reason is that winning and losing are directly tied to ego. Dr. Kaptein argues that a culture that rewards egotism invites jealousy and vindictive behavior among employees who seek to maintain status and the lauding of praise.
Conversely, a culture of " no-ego doers ," or a culture that focuses more on the craft than on the glory, tends to be one that invites candor, collaboration, and a sincere sense of pride for other team members.
The competitive playfulness of a "shirts vs. skins" environment can start to get ugly before anyone realizes it's happening. It is up to leadership to decide where to draw the line.
Look at the landscape in which many teams operate today. At young companies, most folks interact between the ranks, and even in larger companies, formerly separate departments now collaborate closely, such as the newly prioritized intersection of marketing and IT .
This was thoroughly explored in a psychological study called Getting the most out of multidisciplinary teams , wherein lead researcher Doris Fay found that multidisciplinary teams produced better quality innovations than more uniform teams, but that this boost in performance was only consistent if there wasn't a problem of teams fracturing into smaller subgroups .
When excessively competitive "micro cultures" start cropping up in teams with overlapping responsibilities, things can degenerate to the high school days of old where cliques are formed and judgment is handed out via who sits with whom at lunch.
Robert McDonald, former CEO of Proctor & Gamble and nominee for the US Secretary of Veteran Affairs, describes this ability to connect multidisciplinary teams as a necessary part of effective leadership:
Diversity is a necessity at P&G to reflect the consumers we serve and to drive innovation, one of our five core strengths. Innovation is the result of connections and collaboration. James Burke, science historian and author/producer of Connections, documented that innovation often comes from connecting two seemingly disconnected ideas.
A diverse group is better able to make these connections since they have a greater diversity of nodes to connect. The role of the leader is to create the environment in which connections and collaboration can best occur.
5. There's Too Much Gray Area in the Company's Culture
When people know what the company holds dear, they find it easier to engage, develop, and hone those skills and behaviors.How easy it is for "It's-not-my-job syndrome" to rear its ugly head when nobody in the culture knows what the company values. When a team is unified on concepts like Whole Company Support , it's easy for a developer to step in and contribute to the support inbox even though it isn't his or her job to do so.
"Every company has a culture. The only question is whether or not you decide what it is."
Jason Cohen
The values you reward are the values you get. Leaving values to develop as they may creates a culture clouded by the haze of uncertainty. In many ways, these values will lay the foundation for how your company operates.
37Signals/Basecamp is a company that crafted a narrative that abhors the startup grind --they value strategic breaks and reward this value with 4-day workweeks in the summer. Do you think their employees struggle with the weight of "time crunches" like other companies? That was the second section of this article, but the source of such problems may all come back to an opaque company culture where workers don't know what the company cares about.
Do you value finished work or great work? Do you value and reward candor in the workplace? Do you "default to transparency" and cultivate honest communication? Don't be above creating an internal company culture manifesto , because if you don't know what your company values, the members of your team certainly won't.
On Coaching and the Performance Culture
I've argued before that no entrepreneur or manager has the obligation to be a therapist --people can change, but your responsibility is in teaching and developing your best employees, not in coddling your worst.
I would be loathe to find out if anyone took the analysis in this essay to mean that employees aren't responsible for their own actions or that someone can justify misconduct by redirecting blame to someone else. As a fan of psychology, I also despise "My brain made me do it!" drudge.
Rather, Dr. Kaptein's book and research is simply here to remind us that companies can and do play a role in the nature/nurture balance of influencing an individual's behavior and the culture within the organization at large.
Leadership cannot be a passive observer in the intersection between a company's working environment and how it nudges employee behavior; the conditions you create will play a pivotal role in deciding " the person they'll become " and the decisions that they will make.
***
Gregory Ciotti is on the growth team at Help Scout , the invisible email support software for online businesses who love their customers.
Follow Gregory Ciotti on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GregoryCiotti
More:

4 Reasons Why Employees Should (Gracefully) Say No To ManagersHas this ever happened to you?
Manager: "Can you get me those reports by end of day?"
Employee "Sorry boss, I can't."
Not likely. But can hearing "no" actually be a good sign about the health of your team and the effectiveness of your leadership ?
Does Yes Means No?
As CEO of a growing startup I often delegate out a variety of tasks to a team that is willing to put in the extra effort. I have learned over time that a lukewarm "yes" can hurt more than a polite, but firm "no."
A hurried acceptance of a project will often lead to a hurried execution. It pays to listen and accept that you can't do it all and shouldn't expect other people to either.
For some people, saying "yes" is more of a nervous tick than an actual consideration -- the feel-good rush of stepping up to the plate and being the dependable one.
These are the unseen dangers of saying "yes" all the time:
1) Employee Burnout
Accepting meetings, side projects, countless revisions, demanding clients -- whatever your poison -- will lead to a jam-packed schedule and endless juggling .
Employees that perpetually say yes put their own important tasks on the bottom of their priority list. Adequate sleep, exercise, and proper nutrition fall to the wayside, and social/family time are diminished.  All the excess work eats into a balanced lifestyle, increasing stress and the likelihood for employee burnout.
2) Overpromises = Underdelivery
When employees commit to do something but only have enough time to approach the project haphazardly, they run the risk of setting a negative impression about the quality of their work. And since you relied on them to deliver by a deadline, it would have been better to hear no than to be left hanging at the last minute with a sub-par work product.
3) Effectiveness vs. Efficiency
As Peter Drucker once said, "efficiency is doing the thing right; effectiveness is doing the right things." Do you help your team establish clear goals and objectives? How will they know the relevant and critical from the filler?
Always establish a handful of company-wide objectives each quarter and goals for each employee that are aligned with those objectives. Once everyone on the team knows what is important, they can make informed decisions about when to say yes to extra work.
4) Employee Morale Suffers
When you have an effective team member working side by side with an efficient but overwhelmed colleague, morale is more likely to go down than up. Half your staff are on the edge of burnout, and the other half  fear that the "yes" person is more crucial to the team since they do more. This can drive up stress about job security in the rest of the team.
Help Them Help You
A stressed out employee helps no one. The resulting burnout can lead to a disruption in productivity at the most critical of times. Nip these issues in the bud when you see people taking on too much or if you notice quality of work beginning to suffer.
Saying "no" does not make someone lazy. It exemplifies an awareness that:
a) the employee cannot take on more and still achieve their key objectives
b) they are not blindly managing their time, and
c) they might actually highlight for you where more support is required.
This can help leaders decide on which way to scale their business through hiring, new processes or software solutions.
Being able to say "no" with grace is no easy feat for employees. You can help them help you by regularly asking questions about their goals and priorities, and their overall experience at work.
When you provide feedback so that people know what is expected of them, they can confidently choose "yes" or "no" in a way that serves their roles and the company's best interests.
Follow David Hassell on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@dhassell
More:

Lessons from a Legend Part II -- Excerpts from Keith Reinhard s Any Wednesdaysreddit
Recently, I shared some of my favorite excerpts from Keith Reinhard's recently published Any Wednesday. There were so many pearls of wisdom and nuggets of insight though that I felt one post couldn't quite do it justice so I've shared a few more below.  Keith, one of the original Mad Men, wrote Any Wednesday as a series of company-wide essays when he was at the helm of advertising giant, DDB Worldwide .  They are a rare glimpse into the mind of a progressive CEO who ushered in a new era of creativity and inspired global leadership.  And though these were initially focused on the creative industry, there is much leaders in every sphere could learn from Keith's sage advice.
Taking Notes
Perhaps the best reason for taking notes is that it is difficult to talk while you are doing it.  And, as the old saying goes, nobody ever learned anything by talking.
In Conversation with fellow advertising legend David Ogilvy on Pressure
While discussing the pressures of the advertising business, David shared a favorite quotation, an observation by St. Augustine, the first Archbishop of Canterbury:
"To be under pressure is inescapable.  Pressure takes place through all the world: war, siege, the worries of the state.  We all know men who grumble under these pressures, and complain.  They are cowards.  They lack splendor.
"But there is another sort of man who is under the same pressure but does not complain.  For it is the friction which polishes him.  It is pressure which refines and makes him noble."
May our men and women never lack for splendor and nobility under pressure.
Magic
Those of us who seek to work magic in our craft should learn to recognize it and applaud it wherever we encounter it.  Which means, we not only need to exercise our talents, but nourish them as well.  Or as Goethe put it:
"One ought, every day at least to hear a little song, read a good poem, see a fine picture, and, if it were possible, to speak a few reasonable words."
What Not to Be
The essence of positioning is sacrifice.
Deciding what a product will not be is as important as deciding what it will be, and often more difficult.  But the exercise is well worth the effort.  It is axiomatic that by trying to stand for everything, you end up standing for nothing. And simply fade into the crowd.
Anyway
From the office wall of then Chairman and Managing Director of DDB Mudra in India:
What you spend years building may be destroyed overnight.
Build anyway.
Honesty and frankness make you vulnerable.
Be honest and frank anyway.
People are unreasonable, illogical, and self-centered.
Love them anyway.
The biggest people with the biggest ideas can be shot down by the smallest people with the smallest minds.
Think big anyway.
If you are successful, you will win false friends and true enemies.
Succeed anyway.
If you do good, people will accuse you of selfish ulterior motives.
Do good anyway.
Follow Cari E. Guittard on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@CorpDiplomat
More:

Acee Vitangcol: Nothing is Ever Too Huge a Failurereddit
This is part of the #CareerAdvice series -  featuring successful professionals who share their advice to people who would want to take their career to the next level.
How does one switch careers and eventually really pursue the things that will give them joy ? Advertising executive Acee Vitangcol of Di9it , the digital arm of DM9JaymeSyfu, shares the importance of keeping your eyes on the prize and bounce back whenever you're face with challenges in your career.
Acee Vitangcol, Director of Social Media at Di9it / DM9JaymeSyfu
Can you tell us a bit about how you started your career? What are some of your best moments in your professional life?
I've always had my eyes set on marketing but, given that my course (AB Social Sciences), as well as my first jobs (as a social worker for an NGO and a research assistant for a university), were totally unrelated to the industry, I had to work my way towards getting my foot in the door, so to speak. It started with me gradually shifting my career as I took on a market research gig to serve as my crash course on the industry.
Alongside my day job, I also enrolled in a digital marketing program which allowed me to be a certified digital marketer at the end of the one-year, 13-module diploma course. It was during this time that I had the chance to work closely with amazing people in the digital industry. Had it not been for these people, I would not be able to find myself here where I am at right now.
Forced to pick just one, I would say that my involvement in the largest broadcasting network in the Philippines allowed me the most memorable moments in my professional life. I was a digital strategist for said network and I was assigned what seemed to be a very arduous task of doing the digital strategy for the network's coverage of the 2013 Philippine elections.
It was during that time that I took the chance at creating a social media tracker which allowed voters to compare and contrast their senatorial candidates in terms of following, mentions, sentiment, and search interest, among others. Of course, that was but one of the many things I and my team had planned for what turned out to be the largest coverage of the Philippine elections to date. I'd like to believe that what we managed to roll out had an impact on how the Filipino people voted.
If you could advise your 20-year-old-self today, what would tell him?
Hey, 20-year-old pimply, socially-awkward me, good news: you'll (partially) outgrow the pimples. Bad news: you'd still be socially awkward six years into the future. But, no worries, though, as your social awkwardness would find solace, ironically, in social media - provided, of course, that you don't lose your focus. Eyes on the prize, Acee. The view here is great.
What has been the most valuable advice you've ever gotten when you were facing challenges in your career?
Months after college and into my first job, I was at a loss on where I should go next. I wanted to pursue marketing but I had my doubts on whether I had the necessary skills to take this road. After all, I was no Marketing graduate and I felt deep down that there was no place in Marketing for a sociologist like me. That was when a university professor told me, "do try.
The industry could really use a different perspective". It's been five years since then and, needless to say, his words were motivation enough to get me where I am now.
What would you advice the millennial just starting with their career or aiming to take their careers to the next level?
- Never be afraid to fail. You'll stumble along the way - and who wouldn't, really? - and you'll end up loathing yourself far longer than you should but trust me when I say that failure is good.
Get up, dust yourself off, and try again. Nothing is ever too huge a failure for you not to be able to bounce back.
- You are at a most wondrous time when information once limited to an elite few is now available at a tap of a finger. Take in as much as you can but never accept it for what it is. Be a sponge, they would say. I'd rather you be a sieve.
To learn more about Acee Vitangcol, connect with him on LinkedIn or Twitter .
Watch out for the next post on my #CareerAdvice series and be sure to connect with me on Twitter @jonharules and my blog, Social Media in Asia .
Follow Jonha Revesencio on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jonharules
More:

Hans Roxas Chua: Find Unique People to Learn Fromreddit
This is part of the #CareerAdvice series - featuring successful professionals who share their advice to people who would want to take their career to the next level.
How does one develop an entrepreneurial spirit? For Hans Roxas Chua ,  the co-director of the Certified Digital Marketer (CDM) Program of the International Institute of Digital Marketing (IIDM), he's been exposed to many entrepreneur relatives and environment at such a young age. Now serving as the Director of the Ateneo Java Wireless Competency Center, he shares the importance of constantly finding solutions in one's career challenges as if your life depends on it.
Hans Roxas Chua, Director of the Ateneo Java Wireless Competency Center
Can you tell us a bit about how you started your career? What are some of your best moments in your professional life?
I really wanted to work in Silicon Valley/the Bay Area, so when I got into the University of Michigan Business School MBA program, I decided that this was an opportunity to learn new things and also try to work with a start-up in Silicon Valley right after graduation.
After I joined a start-up e-commerce company things just progressed rapidly. I met so many people in Silicon Valley/the Bay Area, who helped me expand my views on almost everything, I also got to network with some of the smartest marketers/engineers. I remember working 16-20 hours a day, 6-7 days a week, but I just learned so much that time flew by.
If you could advise your 20-year-old-self today, what would you tell him?
When I was young I liked reading books, and I learned primarily through reading. Looking back, I now realize that the best insights/advice I have gotten were from the people that I have met, even randomly.
I would tell my 20-year-old-self to find unique, even spectacular people and learn from them.
What has been the most valuable advice you've ever gotten when you were facing challenges in your career?
I guess I am lucky that I have always been exposed to entrepreneurs since I was young. The attitude that "there is always a way" was something I learned at an early age, even from my grandmother. When faced with a challenge, think like your life depends on you finding a solution. Usually, you will find a way, as long as you're willing to work hard and sacrifice.
What would you advice the millennial just starting with their career or aiming to take their careers to the next level?
Have passion, a plan, and focus. It's good to be passionate about what you do. It's even better to also have a long term plan. Combine that with focus, following through on things, you have a pretty good shot at success.
To learn more about Hans, you may connect with him on Linked and Twitter .
Watch out for the next post on my #CareerAdvice series and be sure to connect with me on Twitter @jonharules and my blog, Social Media in Asia .
Follow Jonha Revesencio on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jonharules
More:

Jonas Delos Reyes: Proactively Acquire Skills to Reach Your Next Goalsreddit
This is part of the #CareerAdvice series -  featuring successful professionals who share their advice to people who would want to take their career to the next level.
Having positive outlook and maintaining an attitude of constantly seeking to learn new skills help in increasing one's chances in getting their career to the next level.
Jonas delos Reyes, Co-founder and Managing Director of Socialytics shares the important lessons he's learned from his journey starting his career in the tech industry as a writer and now as he Managing Director of insights-backed social media marketing and conversation agency.
Jonas delos Reyes, Co-founder and Managing Director of Socialytics
Can you tell us a bit about how you started your career? What are some of your best moments in your professional life?
I started my career in the Internet industry and have almost always been here. My first job was in Yehey.com, local startup back in 2001. I joined the company as a writer/researcher, basically part of the team that took care of the content and community of the Filipino portal.
I later transferred to other online startups (Eyp.ph, Chikka Asia) but years later will return to Yehey.com as E-commerce Manager. This is where my career will take a slight turn because of my growing interest and eventually passion for social media. It was really fascinating for me to see how the Internet has evolved into a medium that was enabling people to connect with each other, with their interests and with all forms of relevant content. I was very involved in a lot of the social media-related initiatives of Yehey.com even though my role was focused on e-commerce.
All of this helped me in landing the role of community manager for Yahoo!, initially for the Philippines only and later as Lead Community Manager for Southeast Asia. These are some of the best moments in my professional life. I can also say that the recent developments of my career - setting up the local operations of ThoughtBuzz, a social media analytics and intelligence startup and then starting Socialytics, a social media agency - have definitely been memorable and exciting.
If you could advise your 20-year-old-self today, what would you tell him?
Hi 20-year-old self, always remember to hope for the best and prepare for the worst. Don't waste your time and energy in worrying, later in life you'll be able to connect the dots and see why things happened as they did. This also means to always have a plan.
Take the time to prepare and to be always learning and to always give your best in whatever role or endeavor you are part of. If things don't go as planned, learn from the experience and be ready to start again.
What has been the most valuable advice you've ever gotten when you were facing challenges in your career?
Top of mind for me is what my dad will always remind me, he'll quote what Zig Ziglar said: "Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude."
Above all else, we should always have and maintain a positive attitude towards our work, our relationships, the challenges and changes that we face on a regular basis. This makes all the difference.
What would you advice the millennials just starting with their career or aiming to take their careers to the next level?
I'll share three things that I believe every millennial just starting a career needs to understand and apply.
First is never stop learning.
Now, more than ever, you have access to information and opportunities to learn more and do more. Don't be boxed in by roles or silos, always be proactive in acquiring the skills you need to reach your goals. Next is to always have a positive mindset. This is what will sustain you when you start working and start getting your feet wet in the realities of work life and the challenges and issues that you'll face in reaching your goals.
Finally, always remember that honesty and integrity will never go out of style, regardless of which generation. They will always be essential in your path to working hard and smart consistently to achieve your goals.
Watch out for the next post on my #CareerAdvice series and be sure to connect with me on Twitter @jonharules and my blog, Social Media in Asia .
Follow Jonha Revesencio on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jonharules
More:

Freeze on coolants may hot up at UN summitFreeze on coolants may hot up at UN summit
Aesha Datta
India may agree to discuss phasing out of HFCs under the Montreal Protocol
New Delhi, November 16:  
Refrigerators and air-conditioners are likely to be hotly debated topics over the next week — at the 10th Joint Meeting of the Parties to the Vienna Convention and the 26th Meeting of the Parties to the Montreal Protocol starting Monday.
The refrigerant coolant — hydrofluorocarbons or HFCs — has been a point of contention between India and the developed countries, especially the US, with India refusing to negotiate phasing out of the coolant without adequate assistance. Indications are that India would agree to set up a contact group to discuss and negotiate the phasing out of HFCs.
New Delhi’s primary grouse has been that the alternative technologies are expensive and the proprietary rights are held by US corporate giants.
Following recent meetings between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama and a deal under which the US will give $1 billion to finance renewable energy and research, India may be ready to discuss HFCs under the Montreal Protocol.
The US has repeatedly been pressing India to discuss the phasing out of HFCs under the Montreal Protocol.
But India has been resisting any commitments on the grounds that HFCs do not actually result in ozone layer depletion.
Montreal pact
The Montreal Protocol, which was first signed in 1987 and has 198 countries as signatories, is an international agreement to protect the ozone layer, the depletion of which started becoming a cause for concern in the 1980s.
(This article was published on November 16, 2014)
Related

Vasan welcome to join BJP: RadhakrishnanVasan welcome to join BJP: Radhakrishnan
PTI
Tweet
Kanyakumari (TN), Nov 16:  
Union Minister of State for Road Transport and Highways and Shipping, Pon Radhakrishnan today said that Congress was responsible for G K Vasan quitting the party and deciding to float a new outfit.
“BJP is not responsible for Vasan to start a new party. I have myself said that if Vasan comes to BJP, I will welcome him. It is Congress which is responsible for it,” he told newsmen on the sidelines of the district library function near Marthandom in the district.
Radhakrishnan said he was also happy to know that the level of Mullaperiyar dam would reach 142 ft and expressed confidence that people of Kerala and Tamil Nadu would not face any problem by increasing the dam level.
He said the Centre was equally concerned about the safety of the people in Kerala as the state government there.
The BJP leader wanted the present allies of NDA in Tamil Nadu to continue in the alliance for the 2016 Assembly elections also.
“It is common for the allies to criticise the working of the government. That does not mean that there is rift in the alliance,” he said.
In a separate statement, Radhakrishnan said he was adopting Muthalakurichi village near Thakalai in his constituency for the implementation of Sansad Aadharsh Gram Yojana Scheme (Model Village Development scheme).
The village would get better road, drainage, sewerage facilities and potable drinking water in a time bound manner, he said, adding, the role of the people was important for the development of the village under the scheme.
(This article was published on November 16, 2014)
Related

Maintain Lakshman Rekha : Narendra Modi minister warns mediaMDMK quits NDA, hits out at Narendra Modi Govt
Media should guard against sensationalism while tracking issues related to government policies and decisions and maintain a ‘Lakshman Rekha’, senior minister in Narendra Modi govt Prakash Javadekar said today.
Speaking at an event organised by Press Council of India to mark National Press Day, Javadekar, who till recently was the Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting, said credibility of the media was at stake because of paid news and it needed to seriously tackle the issue.
“It is important for the media to know the process behind taking any decision on any policy. On what basis has the government or any authority taken a decision is news and it should be tracked. But there should a ‘Lakshman Rekha’ of that as well,” Javadekar said.
He said the media should not act in a way that it “scares” officials from taking decisions for fear of scrutiny.
“There should not be paparazzi in the name of transparency. Officers are scared to take decisions because of this. They say, it will come in the media, then RTI queries, the civil society, then CAG and PIL will follow. Officers should not find it a hurdle, but instead (media should) enable him to do good work. This is what the limitation is,” the MoS Environment & Forest and Climate Change said.
“Sense of proportion and the whole context” are two important aspects which should be “behind the laxman rekha” when media tracks an issue, he said.
Referring to paid news, Javadekar said the credibility of the media was at stake because of paid news and newspapers should give a thought to this.
“In paid news, you are trying to ensure victory of one candidate on the first page and ensuring victory of another candidate on the last page. So, this reflects the credibility of the newspaper,” he said.
On the issue of cross-media ownership, Javadekar said the debate should be done within the fraternity.
“Whether the medium of information goes in the hands of a cartel because its a responsible part of the whole democratic process… The government may form its opinion later, but there should be debate within the society and also what other countries have done should also be debated.”
Javadekar said, “Freedom entails responsibility and accountability. It (Media) has to be free, but that freedom has to be with responsibility.”
Newly-appointed Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting Rajyavardhan Rathore said journalism should not be treated as a profession, but a mission.
“Journalism should not be treated as a profession. Journalists are soldiers because they protect the nation from within and show a path to the people.
“This is not a profession. I think those who align themselves to journalism…it is a way of living life in which truth is brought before the nation…a soldier who brings truth before the nation and maintains transparency,” he said.
The Olympian-turned-politician said the the new government was all for ensuring the freedom of press.
“There should be no commission, but only mission. The government is for freedom of press. The way you (the media) think, the government thinks in a similar way. The fourth pillar is as important as the other three pillars,” he said.
Highlighting the importance of freedom of the press, PCI Chairman Markandey Katju said it was through the media that the public got to known about various issues.
“Real democracy depends on informed citizenry and for this, role of press becomes very important because it is only through the press that the public gets to know about various issues and events in the country,” he said.
Katju said without the media, people alone will be unable to form rational opinion which is necessary in a democracy.
Former Chief Justice of India M N Venkatachaliah, who delivered a lecture on ‘Transparency in Public Affairs: The Role of the Press’ on the occasion, said the standard of journalism was “falling”.
“The press itself occasionally is seen to be arbitrary and it has shown scant regard for truth at times. It is not only guilty of bad taste and inaccuracy, but has shown that it can be partisan, reckless and vicious.
“But this is the price a liberal society has to pay for their indispensable and highly-valued commodity. The freedom of the press is a highly-costly commodity. But we can’t escape that, we have to pay the price,” Venkatachaliah said.
“If press has to be free then it must be fair. The only way to ensure freedom of press is to treat the power of the press as public trust,” he added.
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Modi News Narendra Modi Prakash Javadekar
More from miscellaneous
In New York, Arvind Kejriwal says AAP set for face-off with BJP in Delhi elections Declaring that the fight in the upcoming Delhi elections will be directly between Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Arvind Kejriwal has said AAP would contest the polls against “very powerful forces” only with “clean money”. Addressing hundreds of AAP volunteers and supporters gathered here, Kejriwal said in the previous election, […]

Salman takes dig at Narendra Modi over  fake  crowds abroad; BJP ragesMDMK quits NDA, hits out at Narendra Modi Govt
Questioning the genuineness of crowds seen during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s trips abroad, Congress leader Salman Khurshid has suggested that people are taken from India for “slogan-shouting”, a comment which was slammed by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
Khurshid, former External Affairs Minister, referred Narendra Modi’s address to the Indian diaspora in Nay Pyi Taw three days back and questioned how a crowd of 20,000 people gathered in the Myanmarese capital where streets are generally empty.
He also made light of Modi’s much-hyped event in Madison Square Garden in New York in September, saying it was a not a big deal to ensure a gathering in the US.
“Yahan se logon ko le ja kar nare lagwa rahe hain (Modi is taking people from here for slogan-shouting abroad),” Khurshid told reporters in Farukhabad in Uttar Pradesh last night.
“I have been to Nay Pyi Taw twice. No one is found on the streets there. Then how come 20,000 people came to listen to him (Modi)? He must have taken along many with him,” he said.
Modi is on a three-nation tour that started with Myanmar where also he addressed Indians. His expression of doubts over the genuiness of public gatherings for Modi abroad came a day ahead of the Prime Minister’s scheduled address to NRIs in Sydney’s Allphones Arena.
Making light of Modi’s Madison Square Garden event of September, Khurshid said, “In USA, organising 20,000 people and making them shouting slogans is not a big deal.”
He said that, “Taking Indians (abroad) and addressing NRIs, will not help…. India will benefit if he (Modi) influences American leaders and American people… Here (in India) he has already influenced people).”
Slamming Khurshid’s comments, BJP leader and Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar said, “It is bankruptcy of Congress.”
BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said, “it is sheer frustration” of the Congress party that it says that the Prime Minister takes his own people to create a crowd abroad.
“Does the Congress not realise that here we have an Indian PM who, because of his sheer hard work, because of his mission of development, who, because of his personality, is drawing the people not only in India but across the world,” Patra asked.
“Ironically today Congress does not have a leader of stature. It does not have a leader to match the charisma of Narendra Modi,” Patra added.
Targeting Modi, Khurshid also said, “India will be strong when people over there (abroad) would be influenced. I think PM should concentrate on people there instead of taking people from here.”
Making fun of Congress, Javadekar said, “No one comes to listen to them in India whereas people come to listen to Modiji there (abroad) also. That is why they are unhappy.”
TAGS: Bharatiya Janata Party BJP News Congress Modi News Narendra Modi Salman Khurshid
More from miscellaneous
In New York, Arvind Kejriwal says AAP set for face-off with BJP in Delhi elections Declaring that the fight in the upcoming Delhi elections will be directly between Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Arvind Kejriwal has said AAP would contest the polls against “very powerful forces” only with “clean money”. Addressing hundreds of AAP volunteers and supporters gathered here, Kejriwal said in the previous election, […]

Raj Thackeray s MNS now targets  vegetariansDelhi rape case: Govt promises steps to bring Uber cabs driver to justice
Known for targeting migrants from states likes Uttar Pradesh and Bihar, Raj Thackeray’s Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) has now begun a campaign against vegetarian population of Mumbai, especially against the builders who deny housing facility on the basis of food preferences.
The party has moved a notice of motion with the municipal secretary department of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), saying that builders should be banned from denying the selling or renting houses on the grounds of food preferences and their religious beliefs.
“We have received numerous complaints from people saying that they were denied flats by certain builders only because they are non-vegetarians. I have even prepared a case study in this regard.
“We are of the view that this is gross injustice as 99 per cent of the people who are denied flats happen to be Maharashtrians,” MNS corporator Sandeep Deshpande, said.
He claimed that it is a necessary to pass a law wherein it is mandatory for the builder to ensure that discrimination on the basis of caste or creed is not done while selling or renting properties.
“If the builder flouts norms, all the permissions taken by the builder from BMC will then be revoked,” he said.
“When we protest against migrants from other states saying it affects job prospects of the Marathis, people say we are violating their fundamental right to stay and work at a place. Now, when these builders deny flats, are they not snatching away the fundamental rights of people?” Deshpande said.
Incidentally, Congress leader Nitesh Rane too had triggered a controversy last week with remarks against the Gujarati speaking population.
“Wanna take part in Swacha Bharat abhiyan n start from mumbai!! Wanna start cleaning up all the Marathi hating gujjus from there once for all,” Rane had said on the micro blogging site Twitter.
TAGS: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena Mumbai Raj Thackeray
More from miscellaneous
In New York, Arvind Kejriwal says AAP set for face-off with BJP in Delhi elections Declaring that the fight in the upcoming Delhi elections will be directly between Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Arvind Kejriwal has said AAP would contest the polls against “very powerful forces” only with “clean money”. Addressing hundreds of AAP volunteers and supporters gathered here, Kejriwal said in the previous election, […]

Bihar CM shocks again  churns corruption rowDelhi rape case: Govt promises steps to bring Uber cabs driver to justice
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi today said politicians like him tended to gloss over corruption by powerful middlemen in the implementation of schemes for the poor and minorities for the sake of votes.
Asking the media to highlight “dishonesty” in the execution of programmes for the downtrodden, Manjhi said, “I know politicians will abuse me for this candid admission…but this is true and I am no exception.”
“We politician know that benefits of many a welfare scheme for the SC, ST and minorities are not reaching the poor because powerful middlemen are siphoning off the money. But we tend to gloss over it for the sake of votes of the swindlers on considerations of caste, creed and money,” he said addressing a function marking the National Press Day here.
“Hum gadde me gir rahe hai aise me press ko age anna chaiye aur hame sahi raste par chalane par badhya karna chahiye (We politician are falling in trench and in such condition media shall come forward and force us to move of right path),” he said exhorting the press to be guided by “professionalism” and not perform the duty merely as a job.
“If you come out with news that some SC, ST or minorities- dominated village does not have road connectivity, I promise you to get the road there in 15 days,” he told reporters, blaming the situation on use of money and role of caste and religion in election.
Manjhi narrated an interesting tale as to how he did not act against a mukhiya (village headman) belonging to the powerful Yadav caste at Machrak village in Gaya district who had unleashed a reign of terror on his Dalits.
“One of my villageman Lalji Manjhi came to me and complained that the powerful Yadav mukhiya has taken away his land at a throwaway price and after that tried to sexually harass his family. Despite being a MLA from Fatehpur, I did not act against the mukhiya for fear of losing 50,000 votes,” he said.
“When I lost Assembly election in 1990 people were amused seeing me laughing when my other castemen were feeling sorry for me. After much prodding I told them I am laughing because I think I lost because I had not helped Lalji Manjhi against the Yadav mukhiya for fear of losing votes,” he said.
“It is an accepted fact that politician do not work for people who do not vote for them. But, I do not believe in this and is not guided by such consideration,” he said.
TAGS: Bihar Corruption Jitan Ram Manjhi
More from miscellaneous
In New York, Arvind Kejriwal says AAP set for face-off with BJP in Delhi elections Declaring that the fight in the upcoming Delhi elections will be directly between Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Arvind Kejriwal has said AAP would contest the polls against “very powerful forces” only with “clean money”. Addressing hundreds of AAP volunteers and supporters gathered here, Kejriwal said in the previous election, […]

German language row embroils Modi in OzDelhi rape case: Govt promises steps to bring Uber cabs driver to justice
German Chancellor Angela Merkel today utilised a meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi to raise the move to drop German as an alternative to Sanskrit as a third language in Kendriya Vidyalayas and was assured it would be looked into within the confines of the Indian system.
Merkel, who brought up the matter during an interaction with Modi on the sidelines of the G20 summit here, also invited the prime minister to visit Germany.
The Chancellor told Modi that India should work on a system where children can learn German in schools.
“Merkel did raise the issue of teaching German language in Indian schools. She raised in a manner requesting the Prime Minister to have a look in it and see what would be the best way forward,” External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters.
In his response, Modi said it was important for children to learn as many languages as possible and assured Merkel that her concerns will be addressed by the Indian government
“Prime Minister assured her (Merkel) that he himself is the votary of young Indian children learning other languages. He said how it is best done within the confines of Indian system, we will work it out,” Akbaruddin said.
Merkel also told Modi that Germany is looking forward to his visit to the country.
“Our relations are deepening…Waiting for your visit,” a tweet posted by the MEA said.
The Sanskrit issue has already been raised by German Ambassador to India Michael Steiner with the Indian government, hoping for a “pragmatic” solution.
As the Human Resource Development Ministry has decided to drop the German language, over 70,000 students across 500 Kendriya Vidyalayas from classes VI to VIII are supposed to be asked to switch from German to Sanskrit.
The 2011 Memorandum of Understanding that made German a third language was signed between the Kendriya Vidyalayas and Goethe Institute-Max Mueller Bhawan.
Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani has defended the move, saying the existing arrangement was in violation of the three-language formula. She, however, said German would continue to be taught as an “additional subject of hobby class”.
In the three-language formula, schools teach Hindi, English and a modern Indian language.
Sanskrit teachers had moved the Delhi High Court alleging that the central schools had introduced German as a third language in place of Sanskrit against the education policy.
TAGS: Angela Merkel Narendra Modi
More from miscellaneous
In New York, Arvind Kejriwal says AAP set for face-off with BJP in Delhi elections Declaring that the fight in the upcoming Delhi elections will be directly between Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Arvind Kejriwal has said AAP would contest the polls against “very powerful forces” only with “clean money”. Addressing hundreds of AAP volunteers and supporters gathered here, Kejriwal said in the previous election, […]

High-price stocks: One share at price of a smartphone!BSE Sensex eases further on selling in IT sector
As stock market continues its record-breaking rally, there are many shares with per-unit price running into thousands of rupees and equal the cost of buying a smartphone, a LCD television or even a split AC.
Helped by the new government’s reform push and growing expectations for better economic scenario, the foreign funds have been on a buying spree in stock market and the benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty have scaled new peaks above 28,000 and 8,400 levels, respectively.
The Sensex has rallied by 33 per cent so far this year, making India the best performer among the world’s ten biggest markets.
At the same time, stock prices of at least 37 companies, out of the top-100 listed firms in India, now cost Rs 1,000 or above for one share, as per the stock exchange data.
Leading the charts in terms of per-share value, Bosch commands a share price of Rs 16,571 apiece, while Eicher Motors and Shree Cements have share prices of Rs 14,001 and Rs 9,077, respectively.
The market value of just one share of P&G, GSK Consumer Healthcare and Nestle is also in the range of Rs 5,000-6,500.
Companies like Maruti Suzuki, Dr Reddy’s, Oracle Financial Services, Grasim and Infosys command a price of Rs 3,000-4,000 per share.
For blue-chips like TCS, SBI, Bajaj Auto, Ultratech Cement, Tech Mahindra and Hero MotoCorp, the per-share price is Rs 2,000-3,000, while others in this bracket include United Spirits, Colgate and GSK Pharma.
Those with share price in the range of Rs 1,000-Rs 2,000 include ICICI Bank, HDFC, Aurobindo Pharma, ACC, Britannia and AB Nuvo.
Outside the top-100 companies also, there are many with share prices running into thousands of rupees and one notable stock among them is MRF which currently commands a share price of Rs 32,337.60 apiece.
TAGS: BSE Sensex Sensex Stock Market India
More from indianmarkets

JSW Energy to buy 2 hydro projects of JP Power for Rs 9700 crSociete Generale pulls out of GVK Hancock's long-delayed coal project
JSW Energy will acquire two hydro-electric projects of Jaiprakash Power Ventures in Himachal Pradesh for about Rs 9,700 crore.
“JSW Energy has agreed to acquire from Jaiprakash Power Ventures and other shareholders, 100 per cent stake in Himachal Baspa Power company for a base enterprise value of Rs 9,700 crore,” JSW Energy said in a statement.
The board of directors of Jaiprakash Power has approved the transfer of 300 MW of Baspa II hydro-electric project and 1,091 MW Karcham Wangtoo hydro project into a separate company — Himachal Baspa Power company, it added.
In the fiscal ended March 2014, the Karcham project had earned a revenue of Rs 1,242 crore while the Baspa project Rs 320 crore.
The acquisition will make JSW Energy as the largest private sector hydro-power generator in the country.
Post-acquisition, the aggregate installed power generation capacity of JSW Energy will enhance to 4,531 MW.
“The acquisition will yield immediate cash flow and is expected to enhance JSW Energy’s consolidated profitability and returns and create significant synergies,” the statement said.
Commenting on the acquisition, JSW Energy CMD Sajjan Jindal said: “Our strategy is to increase capacity manifold and create synergies through a mix of organic and inorganic opportunities, supported by excellence in operations to accelerate the growth in shareholder value.”
Axis Capital and SBI Capital Markets acted as financial advisors for the transaction.
TAGS: JSW Energy
More from companies
High Court directive to DLF to demolish some portions of complex In a blow to real estate major DLF, the Kerala High Court today directed it to demolish certain portions of its apartment complex.

ONGC to invest Rs 10 600 crore in western offshore fieldsSociete Generale pulls out of GVK Hancock's long-delayed coal project
Oil and Natural Gas Corp, India’s biggest energy explorer, will invest Rs 10,600 crore in raising production from its western offshore fields.
ONGC board has approved third phase of redevelopment of its prime Mumbai High South oil and gas field at a cost of Rs 6,069 crore and integrated development of Mukta, Bassein and Panna formations at an investment of Rs 4,620 crore, the company said in a statement.
The Mumbai High South Redevelopment (Phase-III) “will lead to incremental gain of 7.547 million tonne crude oil and 3.864 billion cubic meter gas by 2030,” it said.
The project is designed to carry forward the success of the previous two phases of redevelopment project and give a new lease of life to the giant field, which has been in production for over three decades.
The project comprises drilling 36 new wells and 34 sidetrack wells, and facilities. The facilities under the project are scheduled to be installed by April, 2017. Drilling of wells and the overall project completion is scheduled for March, 2019.
It “aims to further develop of L-II, S1 and Basal Clastic reservoirs along with the major L-III reservoir and integrating the required inputs,” the statement said.
The Integrated Development of Mukta, Bassein and Panna Formations, located at a water depth of 50-70 meters and about 80-90 kilometres from Mumbai coast, is designed to carry forward the success of the previous two phases of redevelopment through installation of booster compressors.
“In order to further enhance the field life and increase recovery, this project envisages increasing gas pressure from 10 to 27 kg per square centimetre,” it said.
The incremental production is expected to start in 2014-15 with peak incremental production rate of 10 million standard cubic meters per day of gas, 950 barrels of oil per day and about 1100 cubic meters of condensate a day by 2017-18.
The cumulative production till 2027-28 is pegged at 19.56 billion cubic meters of gas, 1.97 million cubic meter of condensate and 1.83 million tons of oil. The gas and condensate will be evacuated to Hazira Plant.
The project envisages drilling of 18 wells including 5 subsea Wells, installation of one new process platform having gas processing and compression facilities, one nine-slot well head platform and other facilities, associated pipelines and one living quarter platform.
The project is scheduled for completion by April 2017, the statement added.
TAGS: ONGC
More from companies
High Court directive to DLF to demolish some portions of complex In a blow to real estate major DLF, the Kerala High Court today directed it to demolish certain portions of its apartment complex.

G20 backs PM Narendra Modi s strong pitch for repatriation of black money'Industry specific amendments needed to milk Make in India'
In a victory for India, the G20 today endorsed Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s strong pitch for repatriation of black money at its summit here, echoing the government’s line on the need for transparency and disclosure of tax information.
Modi while voicing India’s support for a new global standard on automatic exchange of tax information urged every jurisdiction, especially tax havens, to provide information for tax purposes in accordance with treaty obligations.
The new global standard will be instrumental in getting information relating to unaccounted money hoarded abroad and enable its eventual repatriation, Modi said, utilising the forum of G20, which accounts for 85 per cent of world’s GDP.
The prime minister also noted that increased mobility of capital and technology have created new opportunities for avoiding tax and profit sharing.
The three-page communique was released at the end of the two-day summit of Group of 20 industrialised and leading emerging economies hosted by Australia.
Welcoming the “significant progress” on the G20/OECD Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Action Plan to modernise international tax rules, it said, “We are committed to finalising this work in 2015, including transparency of tax- payer specific rulings found to constitute harmful tax practices.”
Briefing newsmen, Railways Minister Suresh Prabhu and External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said the reference to transparency, which was not there in the draft communique, was incorporated in the final communique after Prime Minister’s strong intervention at today’s plenary session.
After Prime Minister Modi’s intervention, several countries, notably Brazil and South Africa wanted a reference to be made to transparency in the final communique, Akbaruddin said.
“After the prime minister’s own and strong intervention (on repatriation of black money), several countries shared his sentiments and wanted the views to be reflected in the final communique,” he said.
BEPS is a technical term referring to the effect of tax avoidance strategies used by multinational companies on countries’ tax basis. BEPS is known more commonly as “Transfer pricing”.
This term is used in a project headed by the OECD that is said to be an attempt by the world’s major economies to try to rewrite the rules on corporate taxation to address the widespread perception that the corporations don’t pay their fair share of taxes.
“We are taking actions to ensure the fairness of the international tax system and to secure countries’ revenue bases. Profits should be taxed where economic activities deriving the profits are performed and where value is created,” the communique said.
“The G20 has sent a strong message on taxpayer-specific ruling,” Dr Usha Titus, who assisted Prabhu, said. The Railways Minister was Modi’s sherpa at the deliberations.
Prabhu said Indian concerns on “jobless growth” prospects and the need to create more jobs to kickstart the world economy were also reflected in the G20’s final document.
“Our actions to increase investment, trade and competition will deliver quality jobs. But we must do more to address unemployment, raise participation and create quality jobs,” the communique said.
Ahead of the summit, Modi felt that focusing on transforming the quality of life of people and not just on issues like the health of the financial markets was necessary for creating employment-generating economic growth.
At today’s news conference, Prabhu said that development issues like creating more jobs was occupying a “key place” at the G20, adding that tackling unemployment was of prime concern for the Indian government.
“Creating more jobs is now coming at the centre of discussions (of G20),” he added.
TAGS: G20 Summit Narendra Modi
More from economy
India for early financing of Green Climate Fund India today insisted on early financing of the Green Climate Fund to reach the USD 100 billion target.

Phones  best mode of communicating for those in love: SurveyHigh Court directive to DLF to demolish some portions of complex
According to a survey, mobile phones have emerged as the most preferred mode for communication for lovebirds, surpassing all other mediums.
More than 63 per cent of single Indian women and about 56 per cent of single men have said in a survey by matchmaking portal Shaadi.com, that it is the ubiquitous cellphone which has kept their relationships alive.
Only 25 per cent women voted for the good old method of meeting in person while around 12 per cent opted for computer.
The survey also made attempts to understand the means of communication used by loved ones in today’s world. When the participants were asked which medium they use the most to stay in touch with their loved ones, about 39 per cent women said ‘mobile phone’, followed by 32 per cent who said ‘meeting in person’, and 28 per cent said ‘computer’.
When single men were asked the same question, about 43 per cent said ‘mobile phone’, followed by 32 per cent who said ‘computer’ and 25 per cent who said ‘meeting in person’.
‘Facebook’, and ‘Whatsapp’ emerged as favourite mobile apps used by people to stay in touch with their loved ones.
According to Gourav Rakshit, COO, Shaadi.com, “The survey interestingly highlights the importance of the ‘mobile phone’ in today’s relationships. We at Shaadi.com are also witnessing this phenomenal growth in mobile app usage.”
TAGS: Mobile Phones
More from industry

The $375 billion Europe wants to invest but doesn t haveHigh Court directive to DLF to demolish some portions of complex
New European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker is preparing a 300 billion euro ($375 billion) investment plan he will present as a cornerstone of efforts to revive an ailing economy.
But history suggests the programme risks becoming an exercise in financial engineering rather than a conduit for the new money the region needs to help boost output and create jobs.
A flagship project of the new European Union executive, the investment scheme is due to be unveiled before Christmas. It is still being finalised and few details have been made public.
If all the money it promises is raised and spent, it could provide the 28-nation EU with roughly an additional 0.7 percent of GDP in investment per year over three years.
“It is significant,” said Carsten Brzeski, economist at ING bank in Frankfurt. “You would expect some kind of a multiplier effect from investment on jobs and purchasing power and it would increase the growth potential. The downside is that public investment can take years before it gets started.”
But even more than “when?”, the big question hanging over the plan is “how much?”.
The 300 billion euros is an overall target for both the public and private money that the Commission hopes to mobilise.
The Commission itself does not have any money and is funded through annual EU budgets that must be balanced.
Of the region’s 28 governments, only Germany seems to have public finances strong enough to significantly increase investment. But in its drive to have a balanced budget, Berlin is not keen to spend more.
So the Commission plans to use what little public money is available to lure bigger private funds into projects that would otherwise seem too risky or with too low a rate of return.
“Our aim is to ‘crowd in’ private money for big infrastructure projects in the energy sector, transport, broadband or research and development.
The private sector cannot take all the risks,” Commission Vice President Jyrki Katainen told Reuters.
SHOW US THE MONEY
Potential investors will want to know how much the EU will provide, and whether it will be new funds or re-labelled money already accounted for in various EU spending schemes.
“If it is additional money, it would be OK, but I fear that it will be funds taken from other places in the EU budget,” said Christoph Weil, economist at Commerzbank.
Very little new money ended up in the 120 billion euro “growth and jobs” compact that EU leaders approved at the start of 2012, which failed to prevent a recession and was followed by two years of falling investment.
It was made up of existing EU structural funds and a 10 billion euros capital boost for the European Investment Bank so that it could potentially lend 60 billion more over three years.
The new scheme looks likely to utilise similar ideas.
Juncker said in July it would be financed “through the targeted use of the existing structural funds and of the European Investment Bank (EIB) instruments already in place or to be developed”.
Katainen told Reuters the capital of the EIB, which is owned by EU governments, could be raised again.
Structural funds that poorer EU countries receive could be leveraged in a similar way as with EU project bonds, under which EU cash becomes a first loss guarantee (???) on a debt issue from private investors, he said.
Economists are doubtful about leveraging, which failed to calm markets when used to theoretically boost the size of the euro zone bailout fund during the sovereign debt crisis.
Making loans cheaper for investors also makes little sense at a time when, with European Central Bank rates at close to zero, cheap money is already available, ING’s Brzeski said.
What would make a difference is impetus for more euro zone integration, minimising the risk that the euro currency could again be at risk of collapse in future.
“The 300 billion investment plan will really have to be coherent, with very little wishful thinking and the leverage part should be small. It has to be realistic and convincing,” Brzeski said. “If it is mainly leveraging, it would be a disappointment.”
TAGS: Jean Claude Juncker
More from industry

Bosch Bangalore plant strike: Standoff may intensify; impact Q4resultsBSE Sensex eases further on selling in IT sector
MULTINATIONAL engineering firm Bosch isn’t really unfamiliar with labour trouble when it comes to its operations in India. But the ongoing 62-day strike at its biggest plant in the country, in Bangalore, is turning out to be one of the most protracted standoffs between the company and its workers in recent years.
The labour-related woes faced by the German company in Bangalore come in the midst of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ambitious ‘Make in India’ campaign, which aims to put Indian manufacturing on the global map. Bosch’s experience of dealing with its Indian workforce may put off potential global investors. It prompted the company’s global chairman Volkmar Denner to comment, during his recent India visit, that repeated labour trouble could make Indian manufacturing uncompetitive.
Unlike the two relatively shorter ‘tool-down’ strikes that Bosch’s Bangalore plant witnessed in 2013, the current one has been prohibited by the Karnataka government after conciliatory talks mediated by the state’s labour department failed about a month ago. The Bosch workers’ union, called Mico Employees’ Association (MEA), challenged that order in the Karnataka High Court which gave the management and the union a chance to resolve the issue bilaterally. As no settlement was reached, the court will now take up the matter for hearing.
So far, the strike has led to an estimated loss of around 2% of overall turnover registered during the period of the agitation that started on September 16. But it hasn’t hurt the company’s July-September quarter earnings in which Bosch posted a net profit of R306.7 crore, a year-on-year increase of 30.8%. This was largely helped by an increase in non-operating income from the sale of some marketable securities. “It (strike) will have some minor effect in the performance in the subsequent quarter. We are keen to resolve the issues with our union as we look forward to sustaining our growth and competitiveness in the market,” said Steffen Berns, managing director, Bosch Ltd.
However, it is equally possible that a successful resolution of the dispute could reflect well on the maturity of the Indian workforce that is willing to work with the management in sorting out issues. In Bosch’s present case, there have been glimpses to suggest that the management and the workers are willing to accommodate. However, as the standoff entered its third month on Saturday, the union said it has decided to intensify its struggle by holding public demonstrations. “In between, if the management comes for a discussion, we are prepared to discuss,” said S Prasanna Kumar, president of MEA.
The MEA, whose members include 2,575 permanent workers and 369 temporary workers, says there has been some progress in the numerous talks held though the two sides are yet to agree on four core issues, the key one being how productivity is to be measured and incentivised. The previous long-term wage settlement for the Bangalore plant workers expired in December 2012 and a new one for the next four-year cycle is yet to be drawn up. Negotiations over the same have dragged on without result for almost two years. The MEA points to the Nashik plant, which concluded its wage settlement in April with a ‘basket package’ of R9,400 for a permanent worker, and wants a comparable wage hike. “There was a practice that basket packages in all the plants will be common. We have adopted higher productivity standards so we want our package to be higher than the Nashik plant,” said S Prasanna Kumar.
However, the management had improved upon its initial offer after the union agreed to certain aspects of the management’s proposal, he states.
“Now, the differences are very narrow. There has been progress but finality has not been reached,” said Kumar, who is also a Karnataka state general secretary of the Centre for Trade Unions (CITU). The MEA, whose office bearers include some affiliated with other trade unions such as Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC), is also demanding a clear roadmap on the absorption of temporary workers, while it has indicated that some of the issues relating to hospitalisation and death relief for workers and promotion policy have been resolved.
“We are among the best paymasters in the industry and there is enough room for suitable solutions,” Denner had said on October 30 during his maiden visit to India to review local operations. Denner said he expected to see India establish itself as the world’s fifth largest vehicle manufacturer by the end of the decade, which makes it a key pillar of the company’s growth strategy in the Asia Pacific region. “Over the past ten years, Bosch has doubled its sales in Asia Pacific. By 2020, we are aiming to double our sales in the region again,” he had said. The Bosch
Group in India generated sales of R13,200 crore in the year ended December 31, 2013. Bosch Ltd, the flagship company of the group in India, posted a profit after tax of R885 crore, on net sales of R8,641 crore in 2013. India is also home to Bosch’s largest R&D centre outside Germany with around 10,500 engineers. According to Berns, the number of patents filed from the centre has grown more than tenfold to 220 patents last year from around 20 registered innovations in 2008.
The labour trouble at Bosch’s Bangalore plant, formerly known as Motor Industries Co, which makes diesel pumps and common rail systems for vehicles, comes at a time when the auto industry has been going through a rough patch and may not have as adverse an impact on the firm as it could have otherwise. Declining auto sales has taken a toll on the auto ancillary sector as well. In fiscal 2014, the turnover of India’s auto component industry declined 2% to R2,11,765 crore ($35.13 billion). Several manufacturers including Bosch had to declare no-production days at their plants to prevent inventory pile-up.
Industry experts do not expect the ongoing strike to significantly impact the auto industry which has been struggling with weak demand, particularly in the commercial vehicles segment. “There could be some impact on specific models. It may not be an industry-wide issue considering there is high inventory pile-up,” said VG Ramakrishnan, managing director, South Asia, at Frost & Sullivan.
The automotive industry—the second largest contributor to India’s manufacturing sector after industrial machinery —has seen labour agitation in recent years. In March, car manufacturer Toyota Kirloskar Motor faced a month-long disruption in production at its two plants in Bangalore after it declared a lock-out in the midst of wage-revision negotiations. The Karnataka government stepped in by prohibiting the lockout, which helped production to resume. “It (labour problems) is going to be cyclical in nature generally,” said SV Sukumar, head of strategy and operations practice at KPMG in India. He doesn’t reckon that labour issues will be a major stumbling block in the country’s initiative to boost the manufacturing sector, but says labour reforms will need to maintain a fine balance, for it to be a win-win situation for all.
TAGS: Bosch Narendra Modi
More from indianmarkets

Bond market looking at RBI  notFedBSE Sensex eases further on selling in IT sector
THE end of the quantitative easing (QE) programme of the US Federal Reserve and potential rate hikes next year could have a significant impact on our bond markets. We look at what happened the last time the Fed embarked on a series of rate hikes and try and draw some conclusions. Between 2004 and 2006, the Fed hiked rates from 1% (then a historic low) to 5.25%. From a bottom of 5% in 2003, Indian 10-year benchmark yields rose to 7.5% by the time these rate hikes ended. The sell-off should be seen in two phases. Between October 2003 and November 2004, yields rose by about 200 basis points from 5.1% to 7.2%. This was the period when the markets adjusted to the change in local and global monetary policy. In comparison to the 2001-03 period when rates came down in India and the US, rates were expected to rise. Consequently we saw a sharp market re-pricing as the bond market adjusted itself to revised expectations. It is instructive to note that this adjustment occurred largely before the rate hikes started (the first Fed hike was in June 2004 and the first RBI hike was in October 2004). During the actual period of the Fed hikes, the market was relatively sideways.
In comparison, we have already seen a 200+ bps sell-off in bonds last year. From a low of 7.2%, 10-year benchmark G Sec yield rose to 9.4% last year in response to expected Fed tapering of QE. Once again this has happened in advance of any actual tapering or rate hike by the Fed. This leads us to believe that a substantial part of the risk of future US rate increases has probably been priced into our markets.
Stance of monetary policy
Back in 2004-06, there was a coordinated series of rate increases by many global central banks as the global economy was on a boom. Specifically RBI and the Fed were hiking at the same time as inflation rose in both countries.
Currently we are facing very different monetary policy regimes. While the Fed ended QE and is probably planning to increase rates next year, RBI is at its peak of rates and has indicated that with lower inflation there would be room for monetary accommodation (i.e., lower interest rates).
In the last cycle, bond yields rose in response to expected and actual RBI rate hikes. This time around, we have seen a sell-off on QE tapering fears, but RBI may actually be cutting rates even as the Fed hikes.
There is the fear that higher US rates will draw foreign institutional investors (FII) money away from India. This is not borne out by history. During 2004-06 even with rate hikes money continued to flow into India from FIIs. Secondly, back in 2004 at the start of the cycle, US rates were at 1% and Indian rates were at 4.5% implying a 350 bps differential. By the end of the Fed rate hikes, the rates were respectively 5.25% and 6.50% implying a differential of just 125 bps. In contrast, currently the US is close to zero (officially the overnight target is 0 to 0.25%), while
RBI is at 8%, a differential of nearly 800 bps. If the previous differential of 125-350 bps did not lead to outflows why should the market expect outflows when the differential is much larger now?
Another way of looking at this is that we can sustain a number of rate cuts by RBI and/or a number of rate hikes by the Fed before the interest rate differential narrows to previous cycle levels.
A changed scenario
The 2013 sell-off in the Indian rupee and bonds should be seen in the context of the time. With the current account deficit at record high and high fiscal deficits till 2012, the “twin deficits” were hurting India. Between 2010 and 2013 the rupee depreciated by a cumulative 17.2%.
In contrast the last year and a half has seen substantial improvements in the two deficits: the current account deficit has fallen to under 2%, while the fiscal deficit has fallen to 4.1%. The government has committed to bringing the fiscal down to 3% in two years. Thus the twin deficit problem has been largely resolved reducing the system’s reliance on external funding. Inflation which has been the most significant concern for
RBI has begun to recede and will further be aided by falling global commodity prices and a relatively stable currency.
The US macro environment too is important in this context. The US Fed will hike rates only if the US economy is doing well. And as RBI governor Raghuram Rajan pointed out in a recent article, this is good for India. Better US macro will lead to higher exports and a better current account situation. We saw this in the last cycle when the current account turned to a surplus and the rupee rose during the years of rate hikes by the Fed.
The RBI rate hikes starting in 2004 happened as inflation rose sharply. Over the course of 2004, WPI (wholesale price index) inflation rose from 4.3% to 8.7 %. In contrast both WPI and CPI (consumer price index) inflation have fallen during the past year and the RBI has indicated that they do not foresee any rate increases and would look to cut rates if inflation stabilises at lower levels. While at first glance it would seem that the possible US rate hikes next year could lead to upward pressure on Indian yields we see that the situation this time around is very different from where we were 10 years ago. The starting interest rate differentials are much higher and the direction of monetary policy of the
Fed and RBI are likely to be different. The macro environment in terms of current account and the currency are likely to be supported by US economic performance if the evidence of the last cycle holds. And indeed to the extent that the last cycle saw a 200+ bps sell-off in bonds here, we have seen a similar magnitude move already.
All of this leads us to believe that while yields shot up last year on tapering concerns, the market has not taken into account the very different macro environment this time around as compared to the last rate cycle. We believe that the bond market will react over time to RBI rather than the Fed. Thus expectations of RBI rate cuts in response to lower inflation will dominate the movement in Indian gilts.
By R Sivakumar
TAGS: RBI US Federal Reserve
More from indianmarkets

Bank of Baroda: Interest incomerisesBank of Baroda
Rating: Add
Bank of Baroda’s earnings performance for the quarter was better than peers on the back of strong NII (net interest income) growth led by NIM (net interest margin) expansion and flat provisions. High tax rate hurt earnings growth (PBT grew 21% year-on-year). Fresh impairments were at 3.2% of loans with a large share of slippages being explained by restructured loans. We continue to like the bank as it is relatively well-capitalised, with differentiated loan portfolio and available at attractive valuations. Maintain Add (target price unchanged).
PBT growth strong: BoB reported an earnings decline of 6% y-o-y despite 21% growth at the PBT level primarily on higher tax in the investment portfolio. NII growth was impressive at 18% y-o-y on the back of 14% y-o-y growth in loans. Slippages were at 1.9% while fresh restructuring was higher at 1.2% of loans. Gross NPLs (non-performing loans) increased 20 bps quarter-on-quarter to 3.3% while restructured loans declined 20 basis points to 5.8% of loans. A large share of the slippages has come from the restructured loan portfolio.
Revenue growth can surprise if focus shifts: The strong performance on NII comes as a source of comfort as it is giving the bank cushion to manage credit costs with relative ease compared to peers. NIM in the international business seems to have stabilised at 1.2% while NIM in the domestic portfolio improved sequentially (5 bps) to 3%. NII growth from here is highly dependent on NIM expansion. We think this is possible if BoB shifts its focus to the domestic segment from international as NIM is higher by 180 bps at 3%.
We like the progress in business: We maintain our Add rating on the bank with TP (target price) unchanged at R1,050, valuing the bank at 1x book and 7x FY16e EPS (earnings per share). We expect the bank to deliver medium-term RoEs (return on equities) in the range of 14-15% and earnings growth of 10% CAGR (compound annual growth rate) for FY14-16e.
Our slower earnings growth estimates as compared to other public banks are primarily on account of the bank’s strong performance in the treasury portfolio in FY14. We broadly like the bank’s progress and see it as an attractive business among public banks, as (i) the bank is relatively well-capitalised with tier-1 ratio at 9%, (ii) it is one of the few banks with a differentiated loan portfolio with international low-risk business contributing >30% of the overall loans and because of focus to build a retail business, which is closer to SBI from an execution perspective, and (iii) valuations are still inexpensive, especially since the difference between reported book value and adjusted book value is >10%.
Restructuring higher, slippages lower: Compared to the previous few quarters, BoB reported marginally higher deterioration this quarter led by higher restructuring of loans. The bank restructured 1.2% of loans while slippages for the quarter were at 1.9% of loans. A large part of the slippages (40%) for the quarter was in the restructured loan portfolio – a trend that we have been seeing across banks.
Gross NPLs rose marginally by 20 bps to 3.3% of loans with a large share of the rise primarily in the corporate segment. Gross NPLs in the corporate segment increased 70 bps q-o-q to 6.1% while the bank has reported an improvement in the agriculture and retail segments q-o-q. The bank has not sold any loans to ARCs this quarter.
—Kotak Institutional Equities
TAGS: Bank Of Baroda
More from indianmarkets

Coal India: Cost pressure takes atollCoal India
Rating: Hold
Coal India’s Q2FY15 Ebitda at R20.7 bn (down 26% year-on-year) missed our R26.7 bn estimate owing to higher-than-expected costs, partially cushioned by better blended realisation of R1,419/tonne. Sales volume at 111mt (flat y-o-y) was marginally below estimate, but e-auction volumes at 10.6mt (down 17.5% y-o-y) surprised positively.
Lower-than-expected other income and higher tax rate further dented profit after tax, which came in at R21.9 bn (down 28% y-o-y, 23% below estimate). While we have revised down FY15e PAT to 5%, we maintain our FY16 PAT estimate. High net cash (R98/share) and potential dividend yield (7-8%) are key positives for the stock. However, sluggish volume growth and lack of visibility on price hike imply forward earnings growth of only 3-4% p.a. Maintain ‘Hold’ with a target price of R360.
Revenue broadly in line: CIL’s revenue at R156.8 bn (up 2% y-o-y, down 12% q-o-q) was in line. Sales volume at 111 mt (flat y-o-y, down 8% q-o-q) was marginally lower than estimated 113mt. However, blended realisation at R1,419/t (flat y-o-y, down 5% q-o-q) was 3% above estimate.
High costs spoil the show: Ebitda  (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation) at R20.7 bn (down 52% q-o-q) missed R26.7 bn estimate owing to higher costs. CIL reported 5% higher-than-expected total operating costs led by higher cost of goods sold, employee costs and write offs. Lower other income (6% below estimate) and higher tax rate (5% above estimate) further affected PAT, which (down 46% q-o-q) was 23% below estimate.
Outlook and valuation: Upside capped; maintain Hold. CIL continues to lag its volume targets and for April-October 2014, despatches grew mere ~4%. Accordingly, we have revised down FY15/FY16 volume assumption of 500/535mt to 490/525mt, respectively. A leaner product mix due to diversion of e-auction coal to FSA customers is also a risk to margin, but this is partly compensated by a sharp jump in
e-auction prices. Overall, we have revised down FY15e PAT 5%, while broadly retained FY16 estimate. We maintain Hold with a target price of R360 (based on 14x FY16e P/E). At CMP (current market price), the stock trades at 13.4x FY16e EPS .
Other highlights
Contractual expenses rose 17% y-o-y due to full impact of diesel price hike taken in FY14. In addition, there was an impact to the extent of R1 bn as outsourced labour wage rose and R0.85  bn on account of composite volume (production volume + overburden volume) increase of 3% y-o-y.
Employee expenses rose 5% y-o-y as ex-gratia payment was increased to R40k/person from R31.5k/person. Hence, there was higher provisioning in Q2FY15 than in Q2FY14 of R1.5-1.6 bn.
Tax rate: Eastern Coalfields has started paying tax, having wiped out accumulated losses, at high tax rate of 38%. This should normalise to 34% on a yearly basis.
Coal despatches to power sector rose by 9mt y-o-y in H1FY15.
—Edelweiss
More from indianmarkets

High-price stocks: One share at price of asmartphone!BSE Sensex eases further on selling in IT sector
As stock market continues its record-breaking rally, there are many shares with per-unit price running into thousands of rupees and equal the cost of buying a smartphone, a LCD television or even a split AC.
Helped by the new government’s reform push and growing expectations for better economic scenario, the foreign funds have been on a buying spree in stock market and the benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty have scaled new peaks above 28,000 and 8,400 levels, respectively.
The Sensex has rallied by 33 per cent so far this year, making India the best performer among the world’s ten biggest markets.
At the same time, stock prices of at least 37 companies, out of the top-100 listed firms in India, now cost Rs 1,000 or above for one share, as per the stock exchange data.
Leading the charts in terms of per-share value, Bosch commands a share price of Rs 16,571 apiece, while Eicher Motors and Shree Cements have share prices of Rs 14,001 and Rs 9,077, respectively.
The market value of just one share of P&G, GSK Consumer Healthcare and Nestle is also in the range of Rs 5,000-6,500.
Companies like Maruti Suzuki, Dr Reddy’s, Oracle Financial Services, Grasim and Infosys command a price of Rs 3,000-4,000 per share.
For blue-chips like TCS, SBI, Bajaj Auto, Ultratech Cement, Tech Mahindra and Hero MotoCorp, the per-share price is Rs 2,000-3,000, while others in this bracket include United Spirits, Colgate and GSK Pharma.
Those with share price in the range of Rs 1,000-Rs 2,000 include ICICI Bank, HDFC, Aurobindo Pharma, ACC, Britannia and AB Nuvo.
Outside the top-100 companies also, there are many with share prices running into thousands of rupees and one notable stock among them is MRF which currently commands a share price of Rs 32,337.60 apiece.
TAGS: BSE Sensex Sensex Stock Market India
More from indianmarkets

FPI inflows in stocks hit $1.5 bn in Nov; total crosses $15bnBSE Sensex eases further on selling in IT sector
Overseas investors have pumped in USD 1.55 billion in equity market so far this month, taking the total to over USD 15 billion since the beginning of the year.
As per the latest data, foreign investors have purchased stocks worth Rs 42,866 crore between November 3 and 14, while they offloaded shares to the tune of Rs 33,352 crore during the same period, resulting into a net inflow of Rs 9,514 crore (USD 1.55 billion).
Market analysts said overseas investors (foreign institutional investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) are betting on the government’s reforms agenda.
“Equity market flows have continued to remain strong. I think Indian fundamentals would show marked improvement in the next 2-3 years. Moreover with the renewed interest in stock markets both from local and global players, valuations are unlikely to come down,” Ladderup Wealth Management Managing Director Raghvendra Nath said.
“As such, it is better to enter the market and wait for the theme to play out over the next few years than to wait for corrections,” he added.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of USD 15.3 billion (Rs 91,780) crore into the country’s equity market.
The debt market has also seen similar trends with overseas fund inflows of USD 23 billion (Rs 1.4 lakh crore) since January.
From the beginning of June, FIIs (Foreign Institutional Investors) along with subâ€”accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.
TAGS: FPI Inflows
More from indianmarkets

NSE pushed to 2nd spot in trade volumes; Nasdaq No1BSE Sensex eases further on selling in IT sector
US-based Nasdaq OMX has emerged as the largest bourse in the world in terms of total number of equity trades so far in 2014, followed by India’s National Stock Exchange (NSE) at the second spot.
In the same period last year (January-October of 2013), NSE was on the top, as per an analysis of data compiled by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE).
The equity trade volumes on Nasdaq OMX stood at 144.2 crore, making it the top exchange among 52 global peers for the period January-October, 2014.
NSE which logged in 141.74 crore equity trade volumes comes a close.
In the January-October period of 2013, Nasdaq was at the fifth place, after NSE, Shenzhen SE, NYSE and Shanghai SE in the first four places.
For this year, Nasdaq and NSE are followed by Shenzhen SE, NYSE and Shanghai SE among the top five.
Another major Indian bourse, BSE recorded 32.39 crore equity trades in the period under review, maintaining it place as the eight largest exchange in the world for this category.
The number of listed companies is much larger at BSE, but it lags behind NSE in terms of value and volume of trades.
While equity trades on Nasdaq have jumped 51 per cent year-on-year, the volumes on NSE surged by 16 per cent.
China’s Shenzhen SE recorded about 128.4 crore equity volumes followed closely by NYSE with 128.25 crore trades.
Others among the top-ten included Korea Exchange (6th), Japan Exchange Group – Tokyo (7th), TMX Group (9th) and BM&FBOVESPA (10th).
As per WFE’s data, the total number of equity trades globally rose by nearly 18 per cent to little over 1,000 crore.
Individually, Asia-Pacific region logged in a total of 616.76 crore equity trades, more than 554.73 crore trades in January-October 2013.
Meanwhile, the two other regions — Americas and Europe-Africa-Middle East (EAME)– saw 316.37 crore and 67.14 crore trades respectively — much higher than volumes witnessed in the period year ago.
TAGS: Nasdaq National Stock Exchange
More from indianmarkets

Top 7 companies add Rs 36 840.41 cr in market valuation; ITCshinesBSE Sensex eases further on selling in IT sector
Seven of the top 10 Sensex companies added a total Rs 36,840.41 crore to their market valuation last week which saw the indices touching life time highs on continued FII inflows.
FMCG giant ITC was the biggest gainer among top 10 companies with an addition of Rs 10,015.78 crore to its market capitalisation that stood at Rs 2,93,849.29 crore at close on Friday last.
Coal India’s market valuation moved up by Rs 7,453.31 crore to Rs 2,25,178.39 crore, while HDFC Bank added Rs 7,317.36 crore to Rs 2,24,423.20 crore.
The m-cap of TCS jumped Rs 6,365.86 crore to Rs 5,10,444.51 crore, while that of SBI moved up by Rs 3,441.7 crore to Rs 2,08,178.17 crore.
Similarly, Infosys’ value rose by Rs 1,128.37 crore to Rs 2,40,510.20 crore and that of ICICI Bank advanced by Rs 1,118.03 crore to Rs 1,96,211.65 crore.
Encouraging macro data and FII inflows helped Sensex capture the milestone of 28K-level and Nifty to hit fresh record highs during the week. The BSE benchmark Sensex gained 178.03 points last week.
On the other hand, ONGC, RIL and Sun Pharma witnessed a decline in their market valuations.
ONGC was the biggest loser with its m-cap declining by Rs 13,603.23 crore to Rs 3,36,530.20 crore.
RIL lost Rs 3,800.9 crore in its valuation to Rs 3,13,501.28 crore and Sun Pharma shed Rs 1,066.62 crore to Rs 1,83,603.38 crore.
The ranking of top-10 firms remained intact as previous week, with TCS retaining its numero-uno position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, CIL, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
TAGS: BSE Sensex NSE Nifty
More from indianmarkets

Mutual fund exposure to software stocks hits record-high inOctoberThe mutual fund industry is betting big on software companies as its equity exposure to the sector climbed to a fresh all-time high of about Rs 33,000 crore at the end of October.
This also marks the fifth consecutive rise in mutual fund (MF) industry’s exposure to software stocks.
Mutual fund is an investment vehicle that is made up of a pool of funds collected from many investors for the purpose of investing in securities such as stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
The funds’ investment in software stocks stood at Rs 32,838 crore as on October 31, 2014, accounting for 10.43 per cent of their total equity assets under management (AUM) of Rs 3.15 lakh crore, according to data available with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
At current levels, the MF industry has the highest exposure to software sector since August 2009. Data is not available for sector-wise exposure before August 2009, when the equity funds had deployed Rs 11,913 crore (6.71 per cent) in software shares.
The previous high was in September this year when investment in the sector rose to Rs 31,834 crore.
“Software services as a sector has not participated as much in the recent rally as some of the other sectors have,” said Raghavendra Nath, Managing Director at Ladderup Wealth Management Pvt Ltd.
“Software services remain the backbone of Indian exports. With the growth in US becoming robust, the offtake of these services would likely increase in future. Therefore the sector is likely to remain in good health,” he added.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in software stocks by equity fund managers with fund infusion growing from Rs 27,772 crore in January to Rs 32,838 crore in October.
Besides, mutual fund managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to a record high of nearly Rs 63,000 crore in October this year, which is the highest among all the sectors.
Among others, MFs have an exposure of Rs 21,845 crore in pharma space, followed by auto (Rs 20,282 crore) and finance (Rs 17,843 crore).
TAGS: Mutual Fund
More from indianmarkets

How Twitter grabs your attention decodedPrescription to shed weight: Shift from pills to vegetables
A strong emotional arousal may be driving some Twitter users to get obsessed with the microblogging site, a new study suggests.
Researchers examined the mental activity of 114 volunteers while they tweeted on phones, tablets and laptops, using a technique called steady-state topography.
They found markedly higher responses than the norm in the three areas which correspond to emotional arousal, feelings of personal relevance, and memory.
Emotional arousal is linked to sites in the back right half of the brain, and the study used activity at the right parieto-temporal site to assess the intensity of emotions elicited by the service, the Guardian reported.
For people actively using the platform, sending tweets or searching for others, those responses were 75 per cent higher than the online norm; but even for those just passively reading the service, the response was 64 per cent more intense.
“The way that messages are delivered drives a strong emotional response,” said Heather Armstrong, chief executive of market research firm Neuro Insight, which carried out the study.
“It’s very short and sharp, it’s very immediate, and it’s appearing in your own context,” said Armstrong.
Twitter scores quite so highly because “people are seeing stuff in a context which is immensely personally relevant,” said Armstrong.
TAGS: Twitter
More from health
New compound can destroy malaria in 48 hours A promising new anti-malarial compound tricks the immune system to rapidly destroy red blood cells infected with the malaria parasite...

FCI pays Rs 14 000 cr for excess stocks'Industry specific amendments needed to milk Make in India'
While the Food Corporation of India (FCI) has been able to reduce its food stocks by around 16 million tonnes (mt) over the past two years, the progress is slow. The reduction in stocks — partly the result of lower procurement due to lower hikes in minimum support prices — will help reduce FCI’s carrying costs by a little over R7,000 crore. The total food subsidy bill for FY15 is budgeted at R1.2 lakh crore.
Even at the current levels of stock, FCI is still spending around R14,000 crore each year in holding costs. While food stocks were 53.2 mt on November 1 this year, the buffer — which includes a strategic reserve — was meant to be 21.2 mt as on October 1.
By January, the buffer is meant to be 25 mt. Based on the expected rice procurement over the next two months and the likely offtake of foodgrains from the PDS, however, estimates are FCI will end up with a buffer of 60 mt on January 1, or 35 mt more than what is required.
Thanks to FCI not being able to export extra stocks some months ago, despite the UPA Cabinet clearing it, the stocks cannot be liquidated through exports either as prices have crashed from around $300 per tonne to around $250 per tonne now. So, any exports will have to be made at losses and will put India under pressure at WTO since this will be seen as subsidising exports.
“Even now, the FCI holds far more grain stocks than required, this is especially true of wheat. The corporation could have exported more wheat when the global prices for the grain were ruling high last year,” Ashok Gulati, former chairman, Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices, said. In 2012-13, the FCI had exported 4.5 mt of wheat from its excess stocks and realised Rs 7,000 crore at an average price of $310 per tonne.
However, at the current global price of $230 per tonne, exports are hardly viable.
The government has constituted a committee to look at restructuring the role of FCI, and the report is expected within the next two months.
Thanks to the deferment of the implementation of the Food Security Act and the reduction in FCI’s stocks, the government spent Rs 46,000 crore on food subsidies in the first half of the year compared with Rs 54,000 crore in the same period last year.
TAGS: Food Corporation Of India Food Subsidy Bill WTO
More from economy
India for early financing of Green Climate Fund India today insisted on early financing of the Green Climate Fund to reach the USD 100 billion target.

India Incs Sept quarter top line growth below 5%High Court directive to DLF to demolish some portions of complex
That the recovery in corporate India could be some time away is evident from the anaemic top line growth of sub-5% seen in the September quarter; if net profits are up a more robust 13.5% year-on-year, it’s primarily thanks to companies having reined in expenditure, the lower prices of commodities and a handsome contribution from other income.
Also, interest costs have been flat, clearly the consequence of little capacity creation and companies scaling back production in the absence of demand. Those companies that are better-rated have been able to borrow in the commercial paper market at lower rates. The sluggish loan growth, running at 11-12%, even in the midst of the busy season confirms corporates are in no rush to start new projects.
There are few signs of any sustained pick-up in the capital goods space; while order books at engineering firms are growing, whether these will grow meaningfully is not clear yet.
Larsen and Toubro, has in fact, tempered its revenue guidance for the current year. Demand in some segments of industry seems to be getting better; domestic sales of commercial vehicles in October were down 3% y-o-y, much better than the drop of 9.14% y-o-y between April and October.
TAGS: India Inc Larsen And Toubro
More from industry

India gets its way on black money at G-20 meet'Industry specific amendments needed to milk Make in India'
DRIVEN by a strong domestic political agenda of getting black money back home, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday managed to get the Group of 20 include a certain clause in the final Leaders’ Communique that will make it difficult for tax havens to give complete tax exemption to companies.
This, along with the G-20’s endorsement of a global Common Reporting Standard for automatic exchange of tax information on a reciprocal basis, are the twin pillars in India’s fight against tax evasion and repatriating unaccounted money, said Suresh Prabhu, sherpa to Modi for the G-20 Summit, on Sunday.
Prabhu said the PM made a strong pitch against black money. “At present, there are many rigidities in international tax laws, and the past tax treaties also do not facilitate easy exchange of information,” he said.
India has to make specific requests with tax jurisdictions for information, and more often such information is shared with caveats.
The Prime Minister’s Office said India’s concerns on black money and tax avoidance have been taken on board at the G-20. This, government officials said, would give an impetus to India’s move to renegotiate treaties with some countries.
Explaining the implication of the clause that now commits the G-20 to ensure ‘transparency of taxpayer-specific rulings found to construe harmful tax practices’, Usha Titus, joint secretary, ministry of finance, pointed out that Luxembourg, for instance, had given a series of rulings which effectively did not require certain corporates to pay any tax.
“The inclusion of this clause will make it difficult for tax havens to do so for specific corporates,” she said.
This is part of the base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS) action plan of the G-20/OECD to modernise international tax rules.
The G-20 final draft said that this plan has made significant progress. “We are committed to finalising this work in 2015,” it said.
The G-20 countries are expected to exchange information with each other and other countries by 2017 or end-2018 after completing legislative procedures.
Modi has been pushing the issue of black money in his meetings with global leaders, including Japanese PM Shinzo Abe and the BRICS leaders.
At an informal meeting with BRICS leaders Dilma Rousseff of Brazil, Xi Jinping of China, Vladimir Putin of Russia and Jacob Zuma of South Africa, Modi called for close co-ordination on unaccounted money stashed abroad. He said unaccounted money was also linked to security challenges.
TAGS: Black Money Black Money In India Narendra Modi
More from economy
India for early financing of Green Climate Fund India today insisted on early financing of the Green Climate Fund to reach the USD 100 billion target.

Blog: UK making efforts to woo Indian studentsNovember 17, 2014, 5:06 am IST Ishani Duttagupta in Global Indian | India , World | ET
10
Even as the number of Indian students choosing the UK for higher education continues to fall, the UK government is taking steps to attract greater numbers.
According to figures from UK’s Higher Education Statistics Agency, despite an overall growth in the number of international students in the current academic year, the numbers from India continue to fall. There was a 25% drop in 2012-13, after a 32% fall the previous year – from 23,985 Indian students going to the UK in 2010-11, the number fell to 12,280 in 2012-13.
“Overall, there has been an increase of overseas students coming to study in the UK and we are taking steps to change the perception among Indian students too, so that a larger number choose UK for higher education. We are trying to dispel the perception that sometimes arises that Indian students encounter unreasonable obstacles from the visa process in applying to come to study in Britain. We now plan to have regular meetings with the Indian high commissioner in London where we would also invite a representative from Universities UK to join us, to address student visa concerns,” Greg Clark, Britain’s minister of universities, science & cities, who was in Delhi recently, told ET.
Besides concerns over the delay in the Tier 4 student visa, the fact that UK has discontinued the poststudy leave to stay in the UK is another reason for Indian students to prefer destinations such as the US and Canada, where they can stay for a year after they finish their studies, even if they don’t get jobs. “One of the confidencebuilding measures that we are undertaking is to communicate to Indian students that they can work in the UK after they finish their studies. Indian graduates who have job offers can work in graduate level jobs for three years with the chance to extend this for a further three years,” minister Clark said. He also pointed out that a visa has been introduced for graduate entrepreneurs which allows graduates who have worldclass innovative ideas to stay in the UK to develop their ideas. “All they need to show is an endorsement from their university that the idea is genuine,” he added.
Indian students in the UK can stay on to work after study in graduate-level employment (£20,000) for three years with possible extension for a further three.
“Since there has been so much concern among Indian students regarding the two-year poststudy visa which was discontinued, it is now necessary for the UK government to let students in India know that they can stay on to work after study if they find graduate-level employment in the UK for three years with possible extension. The salary requirement is actually less than the national average,” says Karan Bilimoria, founder of Cobra Beer and the chancellor of the University of Birmingham.
The UK government is also highlighting a study by the HSBC Group done last year, which shows that the cost of undergraduate university education in the UK in 2012-13 was less than Australia, USA and Canada. According to the study, the average annual cost of higher studies in Australia was $42,093 a year followed by Singapore at $39,229 and the US at $36,565. Overseas undergraduate students need to shell out around $35,045 a year to study in the UK, the study said. “There are a large number of MNCs in the UK that are looking for diversity in their workforce and overseas students have become a huge talent pool for them. The UK has many of the world’s top universities and an UK degree is recognised globally by employers,” minister Clark says.
Meanwhile, Indian HRD minister Smriti Irani recently announced that UK universities have agreed to recognise the plustwo certificates awarded by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) to Indian students aspiring to join graduate courses.
Many universities in the UK have been reaching out to their alumni in India to help attract more students. “We also run career counselling services for our international students to help connect them with prospective employers. Besides, our enterprise centre helps us to reach out to students who want to become entrepreneurs and set up spin-off companies on campus. We have a big corpus of funds for such spinoffs and for international students, this could be the route to get a graduate entrepreneurs visa, which will allow them to remain in the UK even after their courses are over,” says David J Richardson, vice-chancellor of the University of East Anglia.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Brian Mitchell goes on epic postgame rant after Redskins latest loss— Incredible Molk (@IncredibleMolk) November 16, 2014
“Embarrassing. This is atrocious. It’s despicable. It’s pathetic. I think it’s asinine. As we look at this football game and this football team – and it’s not just Robert, OK, I want fans out there to stop blaming just the quarterback. The defense was atrocious, the offensive line was terrible, dropping balls, throwing balls to people. Everybody had a part in this. There are players that, they can’t play themselves into the right position. We sit here every week and we want to blame that one guy. Yes, they gave up a lot for him, but from coaching, to decision-makers, to players, everybody is playing a part.
“Kai Forbath had hit 15 I think in a row, and then all of a sudden he misses two today. This team, you had two weeks to prepare for a 1-8 Buccaneers team that we constantly heard Jay Gruden and everybody around the country say, this team is not as bad as their record states. But, they were still 1-8. You’re sitting there 3-6 and this Redskins team can not ever sit there and think that they’re any much better than that team was. Now, you step into a football game today and nobody played like they were desperate, like they’ve been embarrassed with the way things were going.
“Five out of the last six years, this team has started 3-6 in the first nine games. OK, some players may have been around for the whole time, most of them haven’t been. And the one year you were not starting 3-6, you’re 4-5. And I see a lot of players blaming media and everybody else, and running around as if they’ve won the damn Super Bowl somewhere. This team has sucked over the last few years, OK? And as a former player, I’m embarrassed to watch this junk, over and over again. And yes, I come on this air and I have to try and be professional and not say what – I wish, let the FCC tell me today, ‘Say what the hell you want to say, Brian.’ And I will call out names and tell them exactly what I feel. Because a lot of guys who want to be big time and talking about what they think and what the media shouldn’t be doing, play some damn football. You sucked on the field today, and you know who you are. I don’t have to say their names. You know who you are.
— Cam Ayoub (@CamAyoub21) November 16, 2014
Here’s where Mitchell seemed to address the fans.
“But this town, stop expecting greatness [inaudible]. Start demanding greatness. You control what happens on that football team. But too many times we sit there and we kiss this team’s ass, because we see a burgundy and gold person wearing it. What you’ve got to start doing is make the team understand you mean business. I’m going to stop sitting up here and just supporting you at all wills, spending money I probably don’t even have, to make this team feel so good about itself and sit back and do nothing about it but complain. No, make them understand that you are not going to be playing anymore.”
Later in the show, Mitchell compared the Redskins’ current team to the teams he played on during his 14-year career.
“Ultimately with this football team, everybody has to stop being so thin-skinned and start being football players,” Mitchell said. “Listen, they can say what they want about the athletes of today are better than the athletes of the past, but my generation were a bunch of tough-asses that did not care what you said about them. They worked and they got better from week to week. And if we had two weeks to get prepared for a team, we were going to come out and show you that we’d worked on something.
“This week today, even in the bye week, they still were complaining about who doesn’t like this, and the media this and the media that. Focus on football. You’re paid to be football players, and if I can see a football team and 53 players for one week, I will be the happiest man in this world. But I tell you, I haven’t seen a football team with a lot of football players for many years.”
Scott Allen writes about all things D.C. sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.

McCoy says Bucs prepared for Griffins slow releaseBy Liz Clarke November 16 Follow @lizclarketweet
The Redskins' hopes for a win against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers were dashed Sunday as the offensive line failed to protect quarterback Robert Griffin III. The Post's Gene Wang and Scott Allen give you their takeaways on the game. (Randolph Smith/The Washington Post)
Tampa Bay Coach Lovie Smith preached the need for his defense to get pressure on quarterback Robert Griffin III, get strips and turnovers all week. He opened the Buccaneer defense’s first meeting of the week with the topic, and he addressed it again at the start of each meeting all week, according to defensive end Gerald McCoy .
So it was no fluke that Tampa Bay, which manhandled Washington, 27-7 , at FedEx Field, finished with six sacks and three turnovers.
All six sacks, which cost Washington’s offense 40 yards, were registered by defensive linemen: Jacquies Smith (2), McCoy (1.5), Clinton McDonald and Michael Johnson (1 each) and T.J. Fatinikun (0.5).
Tampa Bay defensive tackle Gerald McCoy catches Washington quarterback Robert Griffin III from behind. (Jonathan Newton/The Washington Post)
According to McCoy, the linemen were helped by their awareness that Griffin, who was starting just his fourth game of the season after dislocating his left ankle in Week 2, has a tendency to hold onto the ball when he drops back to throw.
“We knew we had to stay alive in our rush because [Griffin] does hold the ball a little bit,” McCoy said afterward. “But really, it is just mentality.”
With Tampa Bay’s defensive line exploiting weaknesses in the Redskins’ offensive line and Griffin’s delayed release, the Buccaneers’ defensive backfield was helped tremendously, said cornerback Johnthan Banks.
“It was an easy game,” said Banks, who returned Griffin’s second interception for a 19-yard touchdown. “I mean, as good as [the Redskins] receiving corps is, our [defensive line] and linebackers made this game so easy.”
Griffin shouldered the blame for all six sacks. In fact, the first words of his postgame press conference were: “All the sacks are on me, period.”
Later, he conceded that he “didn’t see the field as well as I would have liked to” in some situations.
First-year coach Jay Gruden said he couldn’t explain why Griffin is struggling now, other than to point out that NFL defenses are tough and improve against opponents each year.
“He has got to continue to grow and get better,” said Gruden, who called Griffin “a talented kid.”
Added Gruden: “I see every week that there is a great player that struggles at that quarterback position. We’ve got to do a better job of coaching him up and getting in his brain and finding out what he knows and what he doesn’t know.”
E-mail a Redskins question to mike.jones@washpost.com, with the subject “Mailbag question,” and it might be answered Tuesday in the  Mailbag .
More from The Post:

Dutch Police Arrest 60 At Black Pete FestivalDutch Police Arrest 60 At Black Pete Festival
Reuters
Updated:
11/17/2014 10:59 am EST
Actors dressed as Saint Nicolas, left, and Black Pete arrive on a boat in Antwerp, Belgium on Saturday, Nov. 15, 2014.  (AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
AMSTERDAM, Nov 15 (Reuters) - Police arrested 60 people on  Saturday as protesters clashed at a traditional Dutch festival  for children which critics say is racist, but that many locals  defend as harmless fun in the run up to Christmas.
The event re-enacts the arrival of Saint Nicholas, bringing  presents for children and helped by his sidekick Black Pete, who  is invariably played by a white person with a blackened face.
The celebration is increasingly seen as racist in a country  that has become more diverse and multi ethnic since World War  Two. But supporters of Black Pete say he is an integral part of  Dutch culture that is now underfire from outsiders.
Police control anti-Black Pete demonstrators in Gouda, on Nov. 15, 2014. (REMKO DE WAAL/AFP/Getty Images)
Police detain an anti-Black Pete demonstrator as Saint Nicholas arrived in the historic city of Gouda, Netherlands, Nov. 15, 2014. (AP Photo/Peter Dejong)
Dutch cities take it in turn to host the start of the annual  festival, with Gouda kicking off this year's carnival. Scuffles  soon broke out between protesters demonstrating both for and  against the occasion, and police made dozens of arrests.
Some children got mixed up in the trouble, Gouda mayor Milo  Schoenmaker was quoted as saying by news website nu.nl, adding  that he was "disappointed" by the confrontations.
Most of those detained were arrested for staging their  protest in the center of the medieval city, where the festival  was taking place, rather than taking part in authorized protests  in designated zones that were well away from the party.
In recent years, city authorities have come under pressure  to ban or modify the event. This year there was talk of  experimenting with orange, yellow or even rainbow Petes.
Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte was drawn into the row this  week, telling reporters that the future of Black Pete was not  something that politics could resolve.
"Personally, I think he can stay black. But this is a matter  for the community. It is not a task for politics," Rutte said in  his weekly press conference. "As you know, I'm in favor of  small government," he added.     (Reporting by Thomas Escritt; Writing by Crispian Balmer)
Black Petes walked side-by-side with yellow-colored "Cheese Petes", right, and "cookie Petes," left, when Saint Nicholas arrived in the historic town of Gouda, Netherlands, Nov. 15, 2014. (AP Photo/Peter Dejong)
Actors dressed as Black Petes arrive on a boat in Antwerp, Belgium on Saturday, Nov. 15, 2014. (AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert)
Earlier on HuffPost:

ISIS Hostage Worked Tirelessly For Syriansreddit
On Sunday, the Islamic State said that it had killed Abdul-Rahman Kassig , an American soldier-turned-aid worker who had dedicated himself for years to helping civilians in war-torn Syria.
Abdul-Rahman Kassig, who was known as Peter before his conversion to Islam in 2013, was kidnapped in October of last year. Islamic State militants had threatened his life in a video documenting the death of a British hostage, Alan Henning.
A former Army Ranger, Kassig was honorably discharged from the military for medical reasons in 2007 and began a series of endeavors to help those in need, often at great risk to his own well-being.
Friends, family members and colleagues who have spoken to the media about Kassig paint a portrait of someone who cared immensely about the lives of those affected by war and violence. His time in the Middle East took Kassig across several countries and into war zones and hospitals, all to help where he was needed most.
He Traveled To The Middle East As An Aid Worker
Kassig trained as an emergency medical technician after he left the military, and he traveled to the Middle East to help Syrian refugees . CNN profiled Kassig in 2012 while he was working in a Lebanese medical facility, using his EMT skills to help treat those injured in Syria's war. "The way I saw it, I didn't have a choice," he told the network. This is what I was put here to do."
Kassig had bonded with fellow aid workers in Lebanon, CNN reported. In turn, the doctors and nurses he worked with told CNN of their appreciation for his dedication and understanding. "We are not what the regime says we are -- terrorists and al Qaeda," one Syrian nurse said. "Peter knows we are good people, who love joking and laughter. We just want to live."
Kassig: "The way I saw it, I didn't have a choice. This is what I was put here to do."
He Started His Own Aid Organization
Kassig founded an aid organization in Lebanon called SERA , Special Emergency Response and Assistance, which aimed to provide medical help, clothing and food to victims of Syria's brutal civil war. The organization raised thousands of dollars and led Kassig to travel into Syria to deliver aid on its behalf. When donor money wasn't enough to meet the demand for supplies from SERA, Kassig would pay out of pocket to cover expenses, the Telegraph reported.
Speaking with Time Magazine in early 2013, Kassig explained his hopes for the future of SERA, saying, "This work is important for the message that it sends to people back home, that one of the best aspects of the American way of life is our ability to come together in the face of adversity and to stand beside those who might need a helping hand."
He Was An Intense Idealist
Upon news of his capture, many of Kassig's friends and colleagues praised his character and accomplishments. They talked of his intensity and idealism . Writing in New York magazine in early October, journalist Sulome Anderson described Kassig's desire to become an aid worker and "change his legacy in the region from one of violence to one of healing."
Alison Meuse wrote for NPR that Kassig was someone who felt a deep need to make the world a better place, and "wanted so much to ease the suffering he saw in Syria."
Katie Sola, another friend of Kassig's in Lebanon, recalled that he "found deep happiness driving a truck full of supplies with a heart full of hope into a darkening Syria."
He Risked His Life To Help Others
After relocating SERA's headquarters from Lebanon to Gaziantep, Turkey, in 2013, Kassig continued to make aid runs into Syria, despite worsening security conditions. His destinations included the Syrian city of Deir Ezzor, where one friend described how he was elated to receive permission from the local government to work in the area. As freelance journalist Michael Downey wrote in The Telegraph , the city was devastated by the war and in dire need of help. "What would deter most people away from Deir Ezzor attracted Pete," Downey wrote. "He needed to be there. So he went."
Over a year ago, Kassig was captured on an aid mission to Deir Ezzor, his family told CNN .
"He Needed To Be There. So He Went.
Watch CNN's 2012 profile of Kassig below.
More:

From 21st to 1st: How Google Won in a Saturated MarketIt's all been invented. That is before.
"I can't possibly come up with anything new that millions can't live without."
And yet, the history of the United States and increasingly the world is that it just isn't so.
Back in 1997, when Google was hatched and still largely unknown -- hard to remember such a time -- it was the 21st search engine. This is not counting the first ones named after characters in the Archie cartoons: Archie, Veronica and Jughead. Who thought the world needed another search engine? But apparently it did.
Foster Freeze was the hamburger and milk shake joint that we craved as kids. And yet few are still around, long surpassed by thousands of Subways and Paneras. Each spot is for buying lunch, but the latter two produced a big innovation on the drive-up shake place. And they were able to become much more profitable as a result.
That is not to mean that we can just do it a little better.
We have to do it a lot better.
But not necessarily for everyone. McDonald's was never for everyone and Whole Foods made a pile of money one-upping the local natural foods store. Not as good in some ways, a ton better in other ways. This served to attract a much bigger customer base and become the most profitable grocery store chain. We need to find big groups that aren't being served well by today's market leaders.
As we think about a new idea we shouldn't dismiss existing markets. Often the biggest opportunities are right in front of our face -- whether it is developing a new retail concept or bringing clean water each day to the 2 billion that don't have it.
We gotta figure out what's missing just like Starbuck's did in the coffee shop business or those using oral rehydration methods used to save 1/3 of the kids under five from life threatening diarrhea.
How do we do that? My friend, Steve Blank has a great Customer Discovery Method that you can use. Whether you are using it to start a business, commercialize research, improve your existing products or improve democracy it's applicable. It helps us find out what the current solution lacks and where the masses might be that just HAVE TO HAVE our product or idea. Or not.
I also have to remind myself that we are never going to get everything right at first. Google didn't. They didn't even have a profitable business model at first. They had an awesome search algorithm that delivered faster, better results for people but they were searching themselves for a way to make money. When they saw Overture pioneer the idea of selling advertising tied to search results Google quickly adopted it. With the volume of their search traffic this business model made their cash register go crazy. Billions of dollars of history resulted.
We should stop thinking about doing the same old thing a little better and start talking to people about what's missing, what's not working. Potential customers won't always know or be able to articulate it, but if we listen hard we can discover the real problem they are currently trying to solve.
Now back to that search engine. It's probably time for a new one, and I don't mean Bing or Baidu. I don't know what it is. But I do know it will likely only tip its hat to today's market leaders but not feel or look like what we call a search engine today. In taking a giant leap forward it will probably be a sharp turn in a new direction or a completely different method of finding what we are looking for. Search is just a method of solving a problem. Let's think up new ways of doing common stuff.
Our Simple Truth: Innovating the everyday stuff around us is needed. And no one we ever heard of before probably will do it. Be that person.
Follow Maura O'Neill on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MauraLONeill
More:

Nonprofit Policy Development and Operations Management - Crossing Boundariesreddit
"Nose in- fingers out," is the commonly used guide for nonprofit directors' relationships to operations. Translated into terms of governance-management relations, it means that boards have an obligation to overview management impacts and outcomes, but they need to avoid micromanaging the operations of the nonprofit.   This is a particular danger with nonprofits because micromanagement often seems to be in the DNAs of nonprofit boards.
On the operations side, strong experienced nonprofit CEOs can tend to be overly impatient and can easily make strategic or policy decisions that are the responsibilities of the board.  In fact, I have seen a few CEOs step over the boundary and develop and execute board style policies.
As a result, board chairs and CEOs in the 21st century, working inside a trusting culture, need to make certain that each side understands the boundary line.
Developing the Boundary Line
Specifying the line can be accomplished in two ways. One is to detail the obligations in the bylaws and/or job descriptions.   But this can result in overregulation and sometimes become confusing when being applied to certain situations.
A second way, which I prefer, is to list the functions of the board and then allow the CEO and board chair to clarify the boundary as situations arise.   In this process, it is assumed that each will overstep the boundary on occasion.  (After all none of us does his/her job perfectly!) If boundary crossing becomes too frequent, then the whole role of governance needs to be reassessed.
Following is one statement of board responsibilities:
A. Directs management
1. Establishes, with management, long-term organizational objectives and impacts
2. Sets overall policies affecting strategies designed to achieve objectives and impacts
3. Employs the CEO. Overviews management to be assured that qualified persons fill other management & key staff positions.
B. Judges management outcomes & impacts
1. Evaluates short-term and long-term performance of management
2. Determines whether policies are being carried out and goals/impacts are being achieved
C. Approves management actions
1. Critically reviews, approves or disapproves proposals in policy areas (for example, major capital expenditures and pension plan modifications)
2. Provides formal recognition and acceptance of executive decisions, within budget guidelines, when related to operations
D. Advises management
1. Acts in an advisory or consultative capacity on
operations when sought by management
E. Receives information from management
1. Regularly receives reports on the organization (e.g., performance, program development, external factors, concerns)
F. Acts as a public, community and industrial relations
resources to management
1. Helps keep the organization attuned to the environment
in which it operates
This approach to the boundary issue will work well when both board members and the CEO are governmentally and managerially "mature." There is a high degree of respect for the expertise of the CEO, and directors perceive their roles as over-viewing management and, with management, developing policy and strategic decisions.
Major benefits: (1) It allows the board chair to eliminate minutiae agenda items and to easily avoid meeting discussions that drift into operation details. (2) The model attracts the types of directors who want to view their roles more broadly and to contribute effectively and efficiently. (3) Management has significant accountability, and the board must provide robust assessment in terms of outcomes and impacts, not processes.
Real examples of boundary crossing
• A nonprofit CEO signs a five-year lease for office space without formal board approval. All agree the space is needed; total obligation of the lease is $30,000.  The board chair tells the CEO the lease should have had board approval before it was signed because it was a long-term obligation. The CEO argues that he signs contracts for more than $30,000 in the normal course of his annual operating responsibilities.  Both finally agree that the CEO has crossed the boundary and the board needs to give post hoc approval of the contract.
• A nonprofit board has designated the CEO to be the person responsible for press relations.  A well-meaning board member privately contacts a print media outlet and provides a story about the organization that is totally inaccurate. The organization needs to make a public retraction. The board chair and the CEO discuss the matter with the entire board, emphasizing that all press contacts need to channeled through the CEO.
Follow Eugene Fram on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@eugenefram
More:
Nonprofits Board Policy vs Operations Responsilities Nose in Fingers Out Nonprofit Governance Nonprofit Trustees.
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Kashmir missing from India map at Modi event in AustraliaKashmir missing from map, official with Modi protests in Australia
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Fri 14 Nov, 2014
Print
Brisbane: An improper Indian map with parts of Jammu and Kashmir missing, put up during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the Queensland University of Technology (QUT) here Friday, was drawn attention to by Indian officials accompanying the prime minister.
Indian Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh, accompanying the prime minister, "raised the issue and received an unqualified apology" from the university authorities, said a ministry of external affairs tweet.
The issue figured prominently on Twitter.
The Samajwadi Party, with the photograph of Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on its Twitter handle, asked external affairs ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin: "Kashmir missing in the Map shown during @PMOIndia visit to @QUT @MEAIndia any objection raised?," asked @SamajwadiSocial.
The spokesperson tweeted back: "Yes, immediately lodged strong protest & received an unqualified regret from the organisers."
To more tweets from others as well as @SamajwadiSocial, the spokesperson said "Yes, immediately lodged strong protest & received an unqualified regret from the organisers."
Modi visited the QUT in his first engagement after landing here Friday.
In Australia, Modi is to attend the G20 Summit in Brisbane Nov 15-16 and also hold talks with Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott in Canberra during his five-day stay here.
Recommend

Saina Nehwal China Openen.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saina_Nehwal    Cached
Saina Nehwal () ; born 17 March 1990 in Hisar , Haryana) is an Indian badminton player who attained a career best ranking of 2 in December 2010 by Badminton World ...

Centre plans to empower consumersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Tokyo stocks down more than 1% as Japan enters recessionThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

SpiceJet unlikely to achieve any turnaround; auditor raises concern over airline survivalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

New Ebola Patient in Nebraska Critical
Modi mania hits Indian diaspora in OzThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Federal agencies to begin probe of DuPont Texas plant deathsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

If jpa want like kfa they won`t sell assets to clear debt. did you see...New Member
64 Followers
Ya but that balance sheet has to become healthy. What are they doing about it? The interest burden seems to be going up day by day and revenue are more or less stagnant. Please take a look at their last 4 quarters and you will realize what im talking about. JP has gone from profit generating to posting losses.
11.41 AM Oct 17th

What are you getting for misguiding investors Like this Message. Repost it to millions of investors.
Guest
real growth coming soon,buy orbit corpation.this right time buy buy buy and hold it.easily reach 37 rs ,long 1 year above easily reach 150-170 rs level
2.41 PM Nov 14th

Gvk loss widens to rs 235 cr in july-sept read more at:Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Deephit.what will be today opening for lead/copper /zinc & silvermini....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Editorial: Developing cities smartly'Industry specific amendments needed to milk Make in India'
Given the need for speedy acquisition of land for developing residential areas to support growing housing needs in major cities across the country, the Delhi Development Authority’s land pooling policy, cleared last week, is a model that can be replicated across the country. Indeed, this is quite the same model used by the DMICDC in its Dholera city at well. Right now, the crux of the problem with land acquisition is that farmers don’t get the true value of their land, and this is got after the land use is changed and development takes place—usually it is only builders and commercial developers who have the wherewithal to get land usage changed. In such a situation, it is not unusual that land acquisition should be accompanied by large protests.
It is this unequal model that DDA/Dholera seek to fix. In this PPP model, landowners surrender their, largely rural, land to the government. This land is then developed and infrastructure—trunk roads, power plants, sewerage lines, and so on—created and town planning done. Once this is done, around 60-70% of the land is returned to the original holders; while there is no loss of livelihood or rehabilitation since landowners get most of their land back, the price of the land multiplies manifold as its usage is changed to commercial and important infrastructure is also in place. Once this is done, the original landowners are free to sell it to buyers, but with a vital difference—this time around, they capture a large share of the upside in the property’s appreciation, most of which takes place as soon as the land usage is changed.
In the case of Delhi, DDA hopes to supply 4-5 lakh additional housing units using this process, vital since the capital will have another 48 lakh population by the end of the decade. Apart from ensuring an upside in prices for landlosers, the other advantage of land pooling is that it ensures top quality urbanisation. In cities like
Gurgaon where this did not happen, with no trunk infrastructure set up, large parts don’t even have sewerage and other infrastructure. Developing alternate models such as the land pooling one is important since, going by the progress in amending the crippling Land
Acquisition Rehabilitation and Resettlement (LARR) Act, it does not seem as if the government is going to be able to make much progress immediately. And even if the government is able to substantially change LARR Act, land pooling offers a far more equitable deal to landowners since it allows a fairer discovery of the market price.
TAGS: DDA Delhi Development Authority
More from economy
India for early financing of Green Climate Fund India today insisted on early financing of the Green Climate Fund to reach the USD 100 billion target.

Column: The return of the dollarRecord cafe: States not prepared for GST, 27% rate can’t work
The US dollar is on the move. In the last four months alone, it has soared by more than 7% compared with a basket of more than a dozen global currencies, and by even more against the euro and the Japanese yen. This dollar rally, the result of genuine economic progress and divergent policy developments, could contribute to the “rebalancing” that has long eluded the world economy. But that outcome is far from guaranteed, especially given the related risks of financial instability.
Two major factors are currently working in the dollar’s favour, particularly compared to the euro and the yen. First, the US is consistently outperforming Europe and Japan in terms of economic growth and dynamism—and will likely continue to do so—owing not only to its economic flexibility and entrepreneurial energy, but also to its more decisive policy action since the start of the global financial crisis.
Second, after a period of alignment, the monetary policies of these three large and systemically important economies are diverging, taking the world economy from a multi-speed trajectory to a multi-track one. Indeed, whereas the US Federal Reserve terminated its large-scale securities purchases, known as “quantitative easing” (QE), last month, the Bank of Japan and the European Central Bank recently announced the expansion of their monetary-stimulus programs. In fact, ECB President Mario Draghi signalled a willingness to expand his institution’s balance sheet by a massive 1 trillion euros ($1.25 trillion).
With higher US market interest rates attracting additional capital inflows and pushing the dollar even higher, the currency’s revaluation would appear to be just what the doctor ordered when it comes to catalysing a long-awaited global rebalancing—one that promotes stronger growth and mitigates deflation risk in Europe and Japan. Specifically, an appreciating dollar improves the price competitiveness of European and Japanese companies in the US and other markets, while moderating some of the structural deflationary pressure in the lagging economies by causing import prices to rise.
Yet the benefits of the dollar’s rally are far from guaranteed, for both economic and financial reasons. While the US economy is more resilient and agile than its developed counterparts, it is not yet robust enough to be able to adjust smoothly to a significant shift in external demand to other countries. There is also the risk that, given the role of the ECB and the Bank of Japan in shaping their currencies’ performance, such a shift could be characterised as a “currency war” in the US Congress, prompting a retaliatory policy response.
Furthermore, sudden large currency moves tend to translate into financial-market instability. To be sure, this risk was more acute when a larger number of emerging-economy currencies were pegged to the US dollar, which meant that a significant shift in the dollar’s value would weaken other countries’ balance-of-payments position and erode their international reserves, thereby undermining their creditworthiness. Today, many of these countries have adopted more flexible exchange-rate regimes, and quite a few retain adequate reserve holdings.
But a new issue risks bringing about a similarly problematic outcome: By repeatedly repressing financial-market volatility over the last few years, central-bank policies have inadvertently encouraged excessive risk-taking, which has pushed many financial-asset prices higher than economic fundamentals warrant. To the extent that continued currency-market volatility spills over into other markets—and it will—the imperative for stronger economic fundamentals to validate asset prices will intensify.
This is not to say that the currency re-alignment that is currently under way is necessarily a problematic development; on the contrary, it has the potential to boost the global economy by supporting the recovery of some of its most challenged components. But the only way to take advantage of the re-alignment’s benefits, without experiencing serious economic disruptions and financial-market volatility, is to introduce complementary growth-enhancing policy adjustments, such as accelerating structural reforms, balancing aggregate demand, and reducing or eliminating debt overhangs.
After all, global growth, at its current level, is inadequate for mere redistribution among countries to work. Overall global GDP needs to increase.
The US dollar’s resurgence, while promising, is only a first step. It is up to governments to ensure that the ongoing currency re-alignment supports a balanced, stable, and sustainable economic recovery. Otherwise, they may find themselves again in the unpleasant business of mitigating financial instability.
By Mohamed A El-Erian
Mohamed A El-Erian, chief economic adviser at Allianz and a member of its International Executive Committee, is chairman of Barack Obama’s Global Development Council and the author, most recently, of When Markets Collide
www.project-syndicate.org
TAGS: Monetary Policy US Dollar
More from fecolumnist
Columns: RBI’s room for rate cuts Small chance of a cut in repo rates in January, it is more likely in early March

Tata Communications: Eyeing premiumendTata Comm
Rating: Overweight
Tata Communications is transitioning from a voice and connectivity provider into higher-margin managed services, leading to improving cash flows, Ebitda margins, and RoCE (return on capital employed). It trades at 4.5x F17 EV/Ebitda (enterprise value/earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation) on our estimates, well below global peers. TCOM is placed well to exploit growing data/cloud business.
World’s leading alternative telecom carrier: TCOM ranks among the world’s top four telecoms in terms of IP (internet protocol) backbone capacity. Globally, it carries 10% of IP traffic, 19% of wholesale voice, 50% of global mobile signalling, and it owns 24% of global subsea cables. As of June 2014, it had a dominant 30% domestic revenue market share in co-location and cloud services.
Market under-appreciates two drivers: Business mix change is set to drive profits: Our F16/17 earnings forecasts are >30% above consensus, supported by our bullish stance on managed network business. We project managed services contribution to core Ebitda will rise from near zero in F14 to 24% by F17, driving consolidated Ebitda margins up 209bps.
Unlocking value via non-core asset monetisation aids de-leveraging and profit growth. TCOM owns 700 acres of non-surplus land that it can monetise by either leasing to build datacenters for customers or build and manage for them. Our bull case assumes cash from sale of its Neotel stake at R19/share, and surplus land sales add R189/share.
Improving fundamentals not reflected in valuations: Over F14-17, we expect RoCE to improve 580bps, with decreasing capex intensity, and FCF (free cash flow) yield to grow from -0.8% to 11.5% posing upside risk to dividends.
We estimate a 15% F14-17 Ebitda CAGR; TCOM, trades a 30% discount to global peers, despite the group’s highest Ebitda growth outlook.
Key risks include slower-than-expected growth in managed data services and higher-than-expected capex for sea cables.
—Morgan Stanley
TAGS: Tata Communications
More from indianmarkets

Larsen & Toubro: Working capital ratioupLarsen & Toubro
Rating: Neutral
L&T’s Q2 FY15 standalone Ebitda (+4% year-on-year)/ consolidated Ebitda (-7% y-o-y) missed our estimate by 11-14%. Revenue for the standalone and consolidated entity grew 3% y-o-y (our est: +10% y-o-y) and 11% y-o-y, respectively. Ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation) margins fell across all E&C (engineering and construction) segments, but it was partly-offset by a sharp margin jump in the “Others” segment (lower shipbuilding losses, higher realty income).
Hydrocarbons Ebit stayed negative; the management cautioned against the possibility of incremental closure costs on onerous contracts over the next few quarters. It also pruned its FY15 revenue guidance to 10-15% growth from 15%. While maintaining its margin guidance (-150 basis points y-o-y), it clarified this does not take into account any closure costs in the Hydrocarbons segment.
L&T’s WC (working capital) rose (>25% of revenues) further in Q2, which meant FCF (free cash flow) stayed negative. We cut our consolidated PAT (profit after tax) by 9% for FY15e (estimates) and 4% for FY16e. L&T’s weak subs’ (subsidiaries) performance, rising WC and possibility of further losses in the Middle East continue to concern us. Maintain Neutral with a new FV (fair value) of R1,550/share (R1,515).
Weak execution: L&T’s standalone revenue rose a modest 3% y-o-y (7% excl. the IES—Integrated Engineering Business—business from base quarter), vs our estimate of a 10% growth. Consolidated revenue growth was also weak (+11% y-o-y, +4% y-o-y in E&C businesses). The management highlighted that revenue recognition at some large/long execution cycle projects (Doha/ Riyadh metros, highways) is yet to pick up, and suggested it could take another 9-12 months. It trimmed its consolidated revenue growth guidance to 10-15% growth from 15% earlier.
Sharp drop in E&C margins: All E&C segments in Q2 saw margin declines, and standalone Ebitda (R13.4 bn, +4% y-o-y) was 11% below our estimates. This was despite a 39% y-o-y reduction in SG&A (selling, general and administrative) overheads; gross profit fell by 9% y-o-y. The consolidated entity’s E&C businesses’ Ebitda/Ebit margin also declined by 520bps y-o-y and consolidated Ebitda fell 7% y-o-y to R23 bn, 14% below our estimates. The management highlighted that the base quarter had the benefit of claims received from the NHAI (about R1 bn), which partly explains the decline. The management has maintained its margin guidance (-150bps y-o-y), though this does not factor in any further closure costs in the Hydrocarbons business.
Execution pace remains sluggish: The trend of L&T’s revenue growth lagging its order backlog growth continued in Q2 FY15. The company’s standalone revenues rose a modest 3% y-o-y, compared to our expectation of a 10% increase.
Revenues in all E&C segments declined (by 13-24% y-o-y), except the Infrastructure vertical (+23% y-o-y). In H1 FY15, standalone revenues have risen at only 4% y-o-y, despite the opening order backlog being 13% higher than the preceding year. The management highlighted that revenue recognition at some long-execution cycle projects (Doha/Riyadh metros, highways) has not yet picked up, and could take another 9-12 months to gather pace.
Ebitda margins decline across all E&C segments: All E&C segments saw margin declines, and standalone Ebitda came 11% below our expectations. This was despite a 39% y-o-y reduction in sales and administration overheads (from R6.3 bn in Q2 FY14 to R3.8 bn in Q2 FY15); gross profit in Q2 fell by a sharp 9% y-o-y.
‘Others’ segment partly offsets margin fall in the core business: As expected, the impact of margin declines in the E&C segment was partly offset by a sharp Ebit margin recovery in the Others segment, where standalone Ebit margin improved from -3% in Q2 FY14 to 17% in Q2 FY15. This was on account of reduction in losses in Shipbuilding (R3 bn in H1 FY14) as well as a sharp increase in realty income. The base of the Others segment profitability will get tougher in H2 FY15, and its ability to offset any margin decline in the core E&C business will consequently reduce.
BS (balance sheet) worries: L&T’s WC (standalone) rose to >25% of LTM (last 12 months) revenues (FY13: 15% of revs, FY14: 22% of revs, Q1 FY14: 23% of revs). This resulted in negative FCF and contributed to net debt rising by R38 bn in H1 to R95 bn. Even for the consolidated entity, WC consumed >R20 bn cash in Q2 FY15, resulting in negative op-cash flow. Despite Dhamra Port stake sale in Q1 (R27.5 bn inflow), L&T’s consolidated net debt rose sharply from R693 bn at FY14-end to R741 bn.
Cut EPS by 4-9%; maintain Neutral: We now build-in higher losses in the Hydrocarbons segment and assume a slower execution pace. This lowers our consolidated PAT by 9% for FY15e and 4% for FY16e. We revise our FV to R1,550/sh (R1,515) as we roll forward our valuation by six months to Sep-16. We see limited scope for a meaningful valuation re-rating as L&T’s average annual P/E (price-to-earnings ratio) has been higher only once in the last ten years, despite its RoEs (return on equity) being higher, gearing lower, and order flow/EPS CAGRs being better in the past.
—Espirito Santo
TAGS: Larsen And Toubro
More from indianmarkets

Bharatiya Mahila Bank included in second schedule to RBI ActBharatiya Mahila Bank targets Rs1,800 crore business in FY15
This fiscal will be the government-owned bank’s first full year of operations
SpiceJet barred from advance bookings beyond one month
A file photo of Usha Ananthasubramanian, the bank’s chairman and managing director. BMB plans to provide loans at concessional rates to women. Photo: Onlypix
Kolkata: Bharatiya Mahila Bank Ltd ( BMB ), incorporated under the Companies Act last fiscal to extend banking services specifically to women, is targeting business worth Rs.1,800 crore this fiscal.
“This financial year will be the first full year of operations. This fiscal we are targeting at a deposit base of Rs.1,000 crore and advances of Rs.800 crore,” said Usha Ananthasubramanian , the bank’s chairman and managing director.
She said that in the four-and-a-half months of operation in the last fiscal, the bank’s business was Rs.175 crore.
Fully-owned by the government, with a seed capital of Rs.1,000 crore, the bank had set up 23 branches across the country, she told reporters on Saturday evening, adding that this fiscal, BMB would add 57 more branches across the country.
To a query, she said that there was no immediate need to raise capital to support business needs.
“Listing will take time. The bank is not like other public sector banks which are under the Bank Nationalisation Act”, she said.
The bank plans to provide loans to women at concessional rates.

Telecoms fight plans to close US internet gap© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/997ad3ee-6b23-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Forex chatrooms show City bullyboys boorish as everBig Bang and financial crisis did nothing to the City bullyboys
Lucy Kellaway
The chatroom banter of the forex traders shows little has changed in the banking culture
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/511ad09e-6be2-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Germanys parallel economic universeNovember 16, 2014 1:57 pm
The wacky economics of Germany’s parallel universe
Wolfgang Münchau
The Council of Economic Experts says nothing about investment. It wants Merkel to be tougher
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e257ed96-6b2c-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Unholy alliance against US school reformAn unholy alliance against school reform
Edward Luce
The moment Obama endorsed this (originally local) initiative, it turned into ‘federal overreach’
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cb624540-6b2d-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Review: Engels EnglandNovember 14, 2014 4:53 pm
‘Engel’s England’, by Matthew Engel
Michael Prodger
The author shows his eye for the entertaining factual nugget in a good-humoured journey through England
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4cdb4b60-69a5-11e4-8f4f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nick Butler: Radical rethink on North Sea oil and taxAbout Nick
Blog guide
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
This blog looks at the relationship between energy and power, plus the global trends and influences on the industry. Nick aims to blog twice a week
Nick Butler is Visiting Professor and Chair of the Kings Policy Institute at Kings College London.
He spent 29 years with BP, including five years as Group Vice President for Policy and Strategy Development at BP from 2002 to 2006.   He has also served as Senior Policy Adviser at No 10, Chairman of the Centre for European Reform and Treasurer of the Fabian Society.
Nick Butler is an investor in, and an adviser to a number of companies and institutions in the energy business.  The views expressed are solely those of Mr Butler.  This material is not intended to provide and should not be relied upon for investment advice or recommendations.   Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investment.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

White Christmas reviewWhite Christmas, Dominion Theatre, London – review
Ian Shuttleworth
Aled Jones is impressive in this stage version of the 1954 movie musical
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/53e04c04-6bed-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Q&A: Iran nuclear deal© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/38b0325e-6b58-11e4-9337-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sales tax tips Japan back into recessionSales tax tips Japan back into recession
Ben McLannahan in Tokyo and Chris Giles in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c7d19712-6df5-11e4-8f96-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japanese GDP growth expected to returnNovember 16, 2014 6:00 pm
Rebound expected with release of Japan’s flash estimates of GDP
Gavin Jackson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c49ca7a-6bf1-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Abe suffers setback in Okinawa electionsShinzo Abe suffers setback in Okinawa elections
Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8c0118dc-6d8e-11e4-8f96-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Facebook seeks foothold in your officeFacebook seeks foothold in your office
Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db8722bc-6d10-11e4-b125-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Allergan close to $64bn Actavis dealLast updated: November 17, 2014 2:52 pm
Actavis to pay $66bn for Allergan
Edward Hammond and David Crow in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f47c8610-6dc2-11e4-bf80-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Debt rule change to prompt 1.1tn rebalancingSovereign debt rule change ‘could prompt €1.1tn rebalancing’
Sam Fleming in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/525eb902-6da9-11e4-8f96-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China opens market in HK-Shanghai deal© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4ff5821a-6bae-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Under-fire Putin in early exit from G20Putin leaves G20 early over Ukraine
George Parker and Jamie Smyth in Brisbane and Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a18b3122-6d4a-11e4-b125-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Putin berates Kiev for cutting servicesPutin berates Kiev for cutting off services to east
Roman Olearchyk in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b21fea3e-6d98-11e4-bf80-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reckitt to launch pharma spin-off© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/406b74d2-6cce-11e4-b125-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reckitt Benckiser hit by sales growth fallReckitt Benckiser sales growth at weakest pace in three years
Scheherazade Daneshkhu, Consumer Industries Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/034577b6-5918-11e4-9546-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Drugmakers juggle non-core assets© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94b69be8-1675-11e4-8210-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Airbus looks to future with flying doughnutAirbus patents flying doughnuts
Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba80c518-6492-11e4-b219-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Airbus warns on military planes costsAirbus warns on military plane’s costs
By Peggy Hollinger in London and Michael Stothard in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f2461ea0-6bd4-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BlackRock defends non-disclosure deals© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/585637fa-6b4b-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Complacency over tax avoidance wanesInvestor complacency over tax avoidance wanes
Madison Marriage
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fe8e7fcc-6b2f-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wealth managers face sweeping changesWealth managers face ‘sweeping changes’
Chris Flood
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/afca4dbe-6a79-11e4-8fca-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fishmeal price tips scales against dinersPrice of fishmeal tips scales against diners
Emiko Terazono
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b2c4871c-6b2a-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chiquita/Fyffes  banana republic© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/fcf38d56-2494-11e4-ae78-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Eton head master to join education groupEton head master Tony Little to join education group
Helen Warrell, Public Policy Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/398dc4bc-6cfb-11e4-b125-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Eton sponsors new state boarding schoolEton sponsors new state boarding school
By Helen Warrell, Public Policy Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/15590ee0-a09a-11e3-a72c-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Londons innovative education policies lead to outstanding resultsThe London’s state school success story
By John McDermott
In January, Tatler magazine published an article about the best schools in London . No surprise there, perhaps.
The glossy magazine for the hoity-toity has often run pieces on the relative merits of Eton or Harrow or another independent school. But this time it highlighted London’s state secondary schools, which over the past decade have established themselves as the best in the country.
More
Mind the gap
The idea that the capital’s state schools should be considered alongside vastly more expensive establishments would have been fanciful in the late 1990s. Then, areas such as Islington and Hackney were rife with failing schools. But from about 2002 onwards there has been a radical improvement.
London pupils have better average GCSE results than pupils anywhere else in England. Attainment by the poorest children is higher than that of deprived young people in other parts of the country. Consequently, the capital is increasingly seen as a successful model by reformers across the world.
What are the secrets of London’s transformation?
One theory is that it has little to do with what happened to the teaching in London schools and everything to do with the types of pupils that go to them. According to this argument, gentrification and immigration brought better off or at least more highly motivated parents into inner London, thereby improving the stock of bright young things. In June, the Institute for Fiscal Studies, a think-tank, published analysis that suggested the improvements at secondary school level in London could be traced back to better results at primary school, lending support to the idea that external factors may have had a role.
However, other analysts argue that secondary schools do deserve credit. Some commentators suggest that when one looks at results in harder GCSE subjects such as maths and English, the impact of secondary schools appears stronger. Something impressive has happened.
The Centre for London agrees that the London effect is not primarily due to gentrification or immigration. In a report published in June, the think-tank says that pupils of all social and ethnic backgrounds did better over the past decade, not simply the richest or those from ethnic minorities. It concludes that: “the improvement [in the city’s secondary schools] cannot be explained in terms of ‘contextual’ advantages that London has over the rest of England”.
Part of the answer must be found in what the schools actually did. Their funding increased but little more than elsewhere in England. The money mainly went to paying teachers a wage premium to cover the relatively high costs of living in London. (One suggestion is that high-quality teachers stay in London because their partners have jobs that cannot be done outside the capital.) A more important change, says the Centre for London, was the mix of innovative policy initiatives that emerged over the course of the decade.
The think-tank highlights four policies. First, a programme that saw the worst schools taken oven by independent providers and turned into “academies”. Second, Teach First, a scheme to place top graduates in poor-performing schools for at least two years. Third, new incentives offered by local governments to improve schools. Fourth, the London Challenge programme that fostered collaboration and best practice among London’s teachers.
Together, these ingredients created a magic brew of school improvement. They ensured that London’s schools adhered to the international evidence about what seems to improve educational performance: school autonomy and accountability, challenging curriculums, strong data-driven leadership and highly qualified and well-motivated teachers. As in many other areas, in education, the capital is increasingly a world apart from the rest of the country.
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

US confirms Isis has killed US hostageLast updated: November 16, 2014 10:24 pm
Isis kills US hostage Peter Kassig
Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/392f5060-6d7f-11e4-bf80-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cameron reveals crackdown on UK jihadisCameron reveals crackdown on British jihadis
George Parker in Canberra
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5881d806-6b46-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoE to come up with anti-orthodox research© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4832f37c-6db2-11e4-bf80-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Andy Haldane  goes boldly on...© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a2fbe2e-6053-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fund managers linked to systemic riskFund managers hold the potential for systemic risk
By John Authers
If they amplify market cycles they contribute to broad-based risk
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cd3ec672-0395-11e4-8ae4-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon chief Bezos takes long-term view© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/41032c7c-6d79-11e4-8f96-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon web services  prodigal sums© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f2e88a44-6b9f-11e4-9337-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shanghai free-trade zone to be test area© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d66a9ce2-6d78-11e4-bf80-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Li Ning in hunt for new chief executiveLi Ning in hunt for new chief executive
Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6af67ce6-6df6-11e4-bf80-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China opens markets in HK-Shanghai deal© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4ff5821a-6bae-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why Shinzo Abe could nix tax hike twoBen McLannahan
Ben McLannahan covers markets and economics for the FT from Tokyo, and before that he wrote Lex notes from London and Hong Kong. He studied English at Cambridge University and joined the FT in 2007, after stints at the Economist Group and Institutional Investor.

View from the Top videoShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Can Essien change Ecobank’s fortunes?
Dec 7, 2014 : Ecobank has experienced turbulence in the last few years, with mismanagement allegations and a governance crisis culminating in the ousting of Thierry Tanoh. The FT’s William Wallis asks new chief executive Albert Essien if its problems are behind it.

Private equity warns of credit bubbleShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Private equity warns of credit bubble
Nov 16, 2014 : Thomas von Koch, managing partner of EQT Partners, Sweden’s biggest private equity firm, warns of an emerging credit bubble that will “end in tears”. He also talks to the FT’s Anne-Sylvaine Chassany about Sweden’s new government.
Links:  Business attacks Sweden’s new government  /  Credits: Produced by Josh de la Mare. Studio filmed by Rod Fitzgerald and Nicola Stansfield.

Eric Schmidt on building GoogleShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Eric Schmidt on building Google
Nov 14, 2014 : Eric Schmidt, Google’s executive chairman, and Jonathan Rosenberg, advisor to Google’s CEO, tell John Gapper how they helped to grow Google from a start-up to a $300bn global icon.

FT Life & Arts videoShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Bolivia's indigenous bourgeoisie
Dec 5, 2014 : Bolivia has long been associated with poverty. But the tide is turning, and buildings constructed in the style of the 'New Andean architecture' are an increasingly visible sign of that change. The FT's Andres Schipani reports.

Thames tour shows changing London skylineShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Thames tour shows changing London skyline
Nov 14, 2014 : London's silhouette is changing, as the population swells and foreign investors pour money into property. Peter Wynne Rees, former head of City of London planning, takes James Pickford on a Thames tour to assess the good – and bad – changes to the skyline.

Iohannis delivers shock result in Romanian pollIohannis wins Romanian election
Andrew Byrne in Budapest
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4ddc6ae6-6ddb-11e4-8f96-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Q&A: How likely is a nuclear deal with Iran© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/38b0325e-6b58-11e4-9337-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Garcia and Eckert set for face-to-face Fifa showdownGarcia and Eckert set for showdown over Fifa report
Roger Blitz in London and Chris Bryant in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f732cffe-6dae-11e4-bf80-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UAE blacklists 83 groups as terroristsUAE blacklists 83 groups as terrorists
Simeon Kerr in Dubai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09e13dee-6db8-11e4-bf80-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SGX eyes Asian corporate-bond platform© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47a5051c-6d44-11e4-b125-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Polands shale gas dreams put on holdLast updated: November 16, 2014 2:01 pm
Poland’s shale gas dreams put on hold
Henry Foy in Warsaw
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ffa09b60-6036-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Investors turn to small boutiquesInvestors turn to small boutiques for wealth management
David Oakley, Investment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c5931d8-6c12-11e4-b1e6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Swiss banks: brave new world© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/a4fd7792-6c1f-11e4-990f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

City bullyboys are as boorish as everBig Bang and financial crisis did nothing to the City bullyboys
Lucy Kellaway
The chatroom banter of the forex traders shows little has changed in the banking culture
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/511ad09e-6be2-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nordea chief says bank rules choke SMEs© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/78e99004-6d79-11e4-8f96-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Strife in the fast lane© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/997ad3ee-6b23-11e4-ae52-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kazakhstan opens up to stave off economic crisisKazakhstan opens up to stave off economic crisis
Jack Farchy in Almaty
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/192ccefe-6be6-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Guest post: China is blocking G20 progress against corruptionSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Guest post: US / India food deal and the WTOSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

An unholy alliance against school reformAn unholy alliance against school reform
Edward Luce
The moment Obama endorsed this (originally local) initiative, it turned into ‘federal overreach’
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cb624540-6b2d-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Economics of Germanys parallel universeNovember 16, 2014 1:57 pm
The wacky economics of Germany’s parallel universe
Wolfgang Münchau
The Council of Economic Experts says nothing about investment. It wants Merkel to be tougher
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e257ed96-6b2c-11e4-be68-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japans Abe must seek more than a mandateNovember 16, 2014 12:34 pm
Japan’s Abe should seek more than a mandate if he calls election
Tobias Harris
It may take a tough tax on accumulated earnings to force businesses to act, writes Tobias Harris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/71ad5ec6-6c0f-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hedge fund rules make financial system fragileNovember 16, 2014 11:56 am
Stringent rules for hedge funds make the financial system fragile
Sebastian Mallaby
Charging 2 per cent to hold assets when returns are low is wrong, writes Sebastian Mallaby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7bab232-6c17-11e4-b939-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

