Apple payments service may boost sales of larger iPhonesApple payments service may boost sales of larger iPhones
Phil Schiller speaks during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino
STEPHEN LAM,, REUTERS
Apple Inc. Apple iPhone Google Inc. Samsung Group Apple Watch Tim Cook Wireless Technology
(Reuters) - The addition of a mobile payments service to Apple Inc's next iPhone could help to boost sales of the larger-screen phones and claw back market share lost to mobiles running on Google Inc's Android platform.
Apple shares rose as much as 1.3 percent on Wednesday, a day after the launch of the iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch - the first new product introduced by Chief Executive Tim Cook.
At least six brokerages raised their price target on Apple's stock by as much as $16 to a high of $116, but there was also a rare downgrade to the stock.
8
Many on Wall Street hailed Apple Pay - the company's new wireless payment system - with Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster calling it the "star of the show" at Tuesday's gala launch.
It will allow iPhone 6 and 6 Plus users to pay for a burger at McDonald's Corp or groceries at Whole Foods Market Inc at the tap of a button, using their American Express Co, Visa Inc or Mastercard Inc bank cards.
0
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, Motorola Mobility and others include similar wireless technology in many Android smartphones. But with payment systems such as Google's Wallet failing to catch on, the technology is not standard in handsets.
"On the mobile payments front, we believe the company made a major breakthrough and cracked an important and vexing issue that has plagued the industry for several years regarding customer ownership," William Blair analysts wrote in a note.
Cook, who took over as CEO from Steve Jobs in 2011, has been under pressure to launch new services and come up with larger-screen phones to counter Samsung's popular Galaxy Note phablets.
Worldwide market share of iPhones, which contribute more than half of Apple's revenue, slipped to 11.7 percent for the quarter ended June from 13 percent a year earlier, according to research firm IDC. (http://bit.ly/Vqxmts)
"Apple Pay is a feature that should help sell Apple products and provide some small help to the bottom line," BMO Capital Markets analysts said.
But Andy Hargreaves, analyst at Pacific Crest, said growth potential from the iPhone 6 was largely priced into Apple's shares. He cut his rating to "sector perform" from "outperform", becoming the first analyst since May to downgrade the stock.
Apple Watch, the company's first new product since the iPad, is tethered to the iPhone 6 models. Starting at $349, it will receive phone calls and messages, play music and serve as a digital wallet to pay for goods.
The watch, which will go on sale in the United States next year, has received mixed reactions. Fashion commentators like its clean aesthetic, while some tech writers pointed out Apple's silence over battery life.
Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and Qualcomm Inc have launched smartwatches based on Google's Android Wear, without great success.
"Apple Watch is attractive, but the need for phone tethering, short battery life, and lack of compelling features for people who do not want a watch will limit the market," Hargreaves said.
Apple shares were up slightly at $98.18 in morning trading. They closed down 0.38 percent on the Nasdaq on Tuesday.
(Additional reporting by Lehar Maan in Bangalore; Editing by Robin Paxton and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)

Asia arms up to counter growing ChinesemightPrint
In this May 24, 2014 photo, China's Harbin (112) guided missile destroyer, left, and DDG-139 Ningbo Sovremenny class Type-956EM destroyer, right, take part in a week-long China-Russia "Joint Sea-2014" navy exercise at the East China Sea off Shanghai, China. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Vietnam | Posted: September 11, 2014 3:35 pm
Vietnam has nearly doubled its military spending, Japan is requesting its biggest-ever defense budget and the Philippines is rushing to piece together a viable navy.
Several Asian nations are arming up, their wary eyes fixed squarely on one country: a resurgent China that’s boldly asserting its territorial claims all along the East Asian coast.
The scramble to spend more defense dollars comes amid spats with China over contested reefs and waters. Other Asian countries such as India and South Korea are quickly modernizing their forces, although their disputes with China have stayed largely at the diplomatic level.
Asian countries now account for about half of the world’s arms imports, with China leading the way by quadrupling its annual military budget over the past decade. The growth in military spending has largely kept pace with economic expansion, although it’s been pulling ahead in China, Vietnam and several other countries this year.
China’s goal is to dislodge the U.S. as the dominant power in the Pacific, said Robert D. Kaplan, chief geopolitical analyst for the U.S.-based intelligence research firm Stratfor. Among the stakes are vital shipping lanes in the South China Sea and potentially lucrative pockets of oil and natural gas under East Asian waters.
“The Chinese bet is that it can increase its military capacity in the South and East China seas faster than Vietnam and the Philippines can do so,” Kaplan said. “If China is able to move freely and exercise more control of its adjacent seas, it will become a full-fledged naval power.”
Beijing hasn’t yet caught up to the U.S., which at $665 billion a year, spends more on its military than the next eight countries combined and triple that of China, according to the Stockholm International Peace Institute, a think tank. Still, China’s spending nearly equals the total defense budgets of all 24 other countries in East and South Asia.
Drawing the most attention is China’s submarine fleet, which is projected to match U.S. numbers by 2020, at 78 vessels each. Many of the Chinese submarines will be stationed at a giant underwater base on Hainan island, which juts into the South China Sea.
China’s moves have spurred a submarine shopping spree across Asia. This year, Vietnam received the third of six submarines it ordered from Russia plus maritime patrol aircraft capable of hunting down Chinese subs. Russia is the top continued…

India fourth largest smartphone market  says...India fourth largest smartphone market, says GSMA
By ET Bureau | 11 Sep, 2014, 02.58PM IST
The study predicted that by 2020, four out of every five smartphone connections worldwide will come from the developing world.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Smartphones will account for two out of every three mobile connections globally by 2020, said global mobile operators industry body GSMA .
The study, "Smartphone forecasts and assumptions, 2007-2020" conducted by GSMA Intelligence, a research wing of the GSMA, predicts that the number of smartphone connections will grow three-fold over the next six years.
The report puts India at the fourth slot in top 10 global smartphones markets. According to GSMA, India had 111-million smartphone connections in the second quarter of 2014, trailing leader China, US and Brazil .
The study predicted that by 2020, four out of every five smartphone connections worldwide will come from the developing world.
The developing world overtook the developed nations in terms of smartphone connections in 2011 and today, accounts for two in every three smartphones on the planet.
Asia Pacific accounts for about half of the global smartphone connections, even though smartphone penetration in the region is currently below 40%
"The smartphone has sparked a wave of global innovation that has brought new services to millions and efficiencies to businesses of every type," said Hyunmi Yang, Chief Strategy Officer at GSMA, said in a statement.
The finding points out that basic phones, feature phones and data terminals such as tablets, dongles and routers will account for the remaining three billion connections, while it excludes machine to machine from the total connections.
The GSMA Intelligence report said that rapid erosion of the Average Selling Price (ASP) of smartphones; demand for low-end smartphones and bundled smartphones by operators are driving the growth.
"As the industry evolves, smartphones are becoming lifestyle hubs that are creating opportunities for mobile industry players in vertical markets such as financial services, healthcare, home automation and transport," he said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Obama plans air strikes against ISIS in Syria  but no ground troopsprint
US President Barack Obama delivers a live televised address to the nation on his plans for military action against the Islamic State, from the Cross Hall of the White House in Washington. (Reuters Photo)
President Barack Obama on Wednesday announced a broad international coalition to take on ISIS, vowing to hunt it down no matter where it was, including Syria.
“I have made it clear that we will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country, wherever they are,” he said in a speech on the eve of the 13th anniversary of 9/11 attacks.
“That means, he added, “I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL (an alternate acronym for ISIS, which is also sometimes called just IS, for Islamic State) in Syria, as well as Iraq.”
But there will be no US troops on the ground in Syria. And those already in Iraq — he is sending 475 more, he said — will advise and train local forces, not engage in combat operations.
“We will not get dragged into another ground war in Iraq.”
The ISIS operations will be modeled on those the United States has been conducting in Yemen and Somalia — taking out key terrorist, mostly of the al Qaeda, in surgical operations.
Anwar al-Awlaki, American-born chief of al Qaeda in Yemen, was killed in a drone strike in 2011. And Ahmed Godane, al-Shabaab co-founder was killed similarly last week.
The coalition would include regional Sunni powers such as Saudi Arabia, which has agreed to train Syrian rebels, and traditional US allies in Europe and Australia and Canada.
There was no word on the timing of airstrikes in Syria. “We will take action on the Syrian side of the border to degrade ISIL,” said a senior administration official.
“But we’re not going to telegraph our punches by being specific about the time and nature of the target.” They could happen, in short, whenever there is good intelligence.
And that has been a problem. An attempt to rescue American journalists James Foley, who was executed by ISIS later, and other failed in July because of poor intelligence.
Surveillance flights over Syria multiplied several fold immediately after Foley’s death to plug this intelligence gap, which, would probably yield better results now.
Read: Kerry calls new Baghdad govt 'heart' of fight against ISIS
But the United Stated made it clear anti-ISIS operations in Syria and Iraq will not be coordinated either with Syrian president Bashar al-Assad or the Iranians, respectively.
Assad may appear strategically positioned to gain from any setbacks suffered by ISIS on account  of US strikes, but Obama administration officials said things wouldn't turn out so.
“We do not think that our efforts in Syria will provide an opening to Assad because, frankly, the areas where ISIL has a stronghold in Syria would simply not accept Assad’s rule.”
And on Iran’s role in the fight and coordinating anti-ISIS efforts with it, the official said, “we do not cooperate or coordinate military activity with Iran.”

Life in the loud laneUpdated: September 9, 2014 18:19 IST
Life in the loud lane
Raveena Joseph
ROCK & ROLL IN THE ALPS The members of Grey Shack
TOPICS
rock and roll music
Chennai band Grey Shack rocked out to an international audience in Austria, as Harley Davidson’s official Band of the Year
Four boys from Chennai find themselves standing on a stage. The flood lights are bright, the audience is in high energy and the Alps provide a beautiful backdrop. There are over 3,000 people looking up at them and they feel fairly certain that they are the only Indians in the vicinity. That’s not strange though, because they are in Austria, performing at the European Bike Week as Harley Davidson’s official Band of the Year.
“One little lady at security check thought we were going to play bhangra. We told her that’s just a stereotype; Indians like to play rock and roll as well,” says Vikram Vivekanand, lead guitarist of Chennai-based band, Grey Shack.
Most of the other bands at the concert have been part of the Harley circuit for a while. Being new comers, and the only band from outside Europe, the boys say they triggered a lot of interest in where they were from and how they made it to the gig.
Formed in 2007 by Vikram and Rohan Sen while they were still students in Madras Christian College, the band has since progressed from their happy rock-and-roll tunes to a raw, edgy sound. They’ve played the usual stages in Chennai and have done several bar-and-pub gigs in the four Southern states. In early 2013, they entered an online competition called Harley Find Your Freedom, and were selected by Rolling Stone India to play at the final leg of the Harley Rock Riders tour in Mumbai. With Ramkumar Kanakarajan on drums and Madhav Ravindranath on bass, they won the final competition and in turn got the chance to play their first international gig last week.
The boys say they played a set of 11 original tunes and were asked for an encore even though the crowd had never heard their music before. “The audience was quite receptive to new sounds and music, which was very different from playing at a pub in Chennai where people usually expect us to play covers,” says Rohan, lead vocalist.
Their performance was followed by British blues rock band, The Temperance Movement, and British all-female rock band, JOANovARC.
They even managed to meet Deborah Bonham, sister of the late drummer for the band Led Zeppelin, John Bonham. The boys ecstatically announce that Deborah offered their drummer Ramkumar a chance to play with her on stage.
“All of us worship Led Zeppelin and this was the only living connection we’d had so far; it was pretty cool. There were good vibes all around,” happily announces Vikram.

Ask Matt: Can RadioShack surviveQ: Can RadioShack (RSH) survive?
A: Analysts and investors are on death watch for RadioShack. And there’s clearly plenty to worry about.
Stock investors are wise to mind the durability of companies. When a company falters and may be forced to restucture, it’s typical for owners of common stock to suffer. Common stockholders are last in line with claims to assets. That’s not to say RadioShack is headed that way, but measures investors should be watching don’t look good. Last year, the company burned $6.5 million in free cash flow, which is cash from operations minus capital expenditures.
If the company keeps burning cash at that clip, it won’t take long to exhaust the $61.8 million in cash and equivalents it reported as of May 3, 2014. Meanwhile, the company must contend with a relatively large and growing pile of debt. RadioShack reported having $613 million in long-term debt as of May 3. Alarmingly, that level of debt was up 23% from year-ago levels. True, revenue is falling and losses are deeping, but RadioShack could still pull off a recovery. Stock analysts aren’t all that optimistic, though. The average analyst rates the stock “underperform,” a low rating that’s practically unheard of on Wall Street. And with the stock under $1, there’s also the danger of delistment. Tread carefully. One analyst even said the stock is worth $0.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Wilful defaulter tag to guarantor by banks is dangerous: AssochamThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Twitter to raise $1.3 billion through debt offeringsTwitter to raise $1.3 billion through debt offerings
Abhirup Roy     Bangalore   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 12:02 IST
The Twitter logo is displayed on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (Photo: Reuters)
Twitter, the microblogging website , said it plans to raise $1.3 billion by issuing convertible senior notes, its first debt offering since its market debut in November.
Shares of the company fell about 1.5 per cent in extended trading on Wednesday.
Twitter plans two offerings worth $650 million each in convertible senior notes due to mature in 2019 and 2021, the social networking website said in a filing.
The San Francisco-based company will also grant initial purchasers an option to buy up to $100 million in each of the offerings.
Twitter said it would use part of the net proceeds for general corporate purposes.
(Reuters)

Delays after accident on Washington Circle in Northwest DCBy Victoria St. Martin September 11 at 6:47 AM Follow @VStMartin
A vehicle accident in Washington Circle in Northwest D.C. could cause delays Thursday morning.
D.C. police Sgt. Grisel Reid said the traffic circle reopened after the 2:30 a.m. crash, which caused minor injuries.
Reid said westbound lanes of New Hampshire Avenue NW were closed because of the collision. Those lanes were still closed as of 6:40 a.m.
For more transportation-related news, go to Dr. Gridlock .
Victoria St. Martin covers breaking news and Prince William County for The Post's Local desk.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=local, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410432472/1410432472000/1410432472 tracking: {authors=Victoria St. Martin, blog_name=dr-gridlock, content_category=Local, in_url_headline=delays-after-accident-on-washington-circle-in-northwest-dc, post_id=29863, section={section=local, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 10:47:52 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 10:47:52 AM

Not sure  i don`t post links much so i can`t say .Platinum Member
327 Followers
So, A female condom manufacturing company, Last result was pretty good, Id say  .  Has good scope the future but only male condoms are widely used , Female condoms, im not that sure if they will gain popularity as much as male condoms but lets see . I am sure about which is better pleasure wise as well .
The scope for this company is massive in a country like India and the balance Sheet is  healthy  but there has been no real growth shown so far for this company . Add it to watchlist . Don`t buy
9.25 PM Jul 26th

IDFC rallies over 5% on fund raising plansIDFC rallies over 5% on fund raising plans
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 11 Sep, 2014, 09.48AM IST
The issue opens on September 10, it added. IDFC in April this year was granted an in-principle licence by the RBI to set up a commercial bank, added the report.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
sale to institutional investors through an issue which opened today.
At 09:40 a.m.; IDFC was trading 4 per cent to Rs 151.25. It hit a low of Rs 147 and a high of Rs 152.35 in trade today.
The floor price has been fixed at Rs 143.70 apiece, IDFC said in a filing to the BSE .
Earlier on July 29, the shareholders of IDFC had allowed issuance of shares for up to Rs 2,000 crore to qualified institutional buyers (QIBs), said a PTI report.
The issue opens on September 10, it added. IDFC in April this year was granted an in-principle licence by the RBI to set up a commercial bank, added the report.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

India tour of EnglandOpening slot suits Ajinkya Rahane, says Mahendra Singh Dhoni
September 2, 2014
Dhoni said Rahane is a good timer of the ball, and it makes it easier for him to open the innings.
With the Edgbaston win, Dhoni surpassed Mohammad Azharuddin’s tally of 90 ODI victories as captain.
1

America is very close to lose its world No.1...America very close to lose its place in the world as No.1
By Business Insider | 11 Sep, 2014, 12.14PM IST
0
Share More
A large part of this decline has actually had little to do with the actions of the US but rather with the unraveling of a century's long economic anomaly.
ET SPECIAL:
The US economy is the largest economy in the world. However, it wasn't always the largest.
And it's unlikely to remain the largest economy for much longer.
The chart above comes to us via Deutsche Bank's Jim Reid .
"As Alexander, Rome and Britain fell from their positions of absolute global dominance, so too has the US begun to slip," Reid writes. "America's global economic dominance has been declining since 1998, well before the Global Financial Crisis. A large part of this decline has actually had little to do with the actions of the US but rather with the unraveling of a century's long economic anomaly. China has begun to return to the position in the global economy it occupied for millenia before the industrial revolution."
One look at the chart, and it's pretty clear that it may not be very long before we start saying the US is number 2.
"Based on current trends China's economy will overtake America's in purchasing power terms within the next few years," Reid continued. "The US is now no longer the world's sole economic superpower and indeed its share of world output (on a PPP basis) has slipped below the 20% level which we have seen was a useful sign historically of a single dominant economic superpower. In economic terms we already live in a bi- polar world. Between them the US and China today control over a third of world output (on a PPP basis)."
Reid offered this prescient quote from Napoleon Bonaparte: ""Let China sleep, for when she awakes, she will shake the world."

S.C. father who led authorities to his five dead children will face murder chargesBy Sarah Larimer September 10 at 6:10 PM Follow @slarimer
Authorities in South Carolina told reporters Wednesday that they don’t yet know why a 32-year-old man allegedly killed his five young children and dumped their bodies in Alabama, or what caused their deaths.
Timothy Ray Jones Jr. appeared under control when he took investigators to the remains of his three boys and two girls, which were found in bags off a dirt road, Lexington County Sheriff Lewis McCarty said at a press conference.
McCarty said Jones was calm as he lead investigators where he dumped the bodies of his children. #thestate
— harrison cahill (@cahill_harrison) September 10, 2014
McCarty said that remains of the children, who were between the ages of 1 and 8, have been returned to South Carolina, The State reported .
According to the newspaper:
On Tuesday, Jones took Lexington County Sheriff’s deputies, FBI agents and State Law Enforcement Division (SLED) agents to a dirt road in the Oak Hill Community in Wilcox County, Ala.
Jones led them to the remains of the five children, according to the Lexington County Sheriff’s Department.
McCarty said the children were in an advanced state of decomposition and that the deaths took place early on in the hunt for Jones. The children were last seen in school and day care on Aug. 28, according to a timeline released by the sheriff.
McCarty said Jones will be charged with five counts of murder, the Associated Press reported .
The children had been reported missing on Sept. 3 by their mother, who is divorced from Jones . The woman told investigators that she couldn’t reach Jones, who was the primary legal caretaker, according to a news release .
Authorities in South Carolina said they didn’t issue an Amber Alert for missing children in this case because it didn’t meet the standards for the warning at the time.
“There was no reason to believe that the children had been abducted by someone who did not have custody care of those children,” State Law Enforcement Division Chief Mark Keel said, according to The State. “We also have to know at that time that there is an immediate fear of harm for those children.”
Jones was stopped in Mississippi by police who were running a traffic checkpoint .
“I’m sure everybody wants to know the answers,” Jones’s father, Timothy Jones Sr., told The Associated Press . “It’s just a terrible tragedy.”
EARLIER:

Jayalalithaa urges Narendra Modi govt to strive for  broad consensus  on GSTOdisha CM Naveen Patnaik announces Rs 3,000 crore Biju Pucca Ghar scheme
"The new scheme is named as Biju Pucca Ghar scheme. Our aim is to convert all the kuchha houses into...

Sensex  Nifty trading flat  Sun Pharma falls 4%Market update: Sensex ends below 27,000, Nifty falls over 8 points
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 16:43 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Falling for third straight session, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Thursday slipped 61.54 points to end at 26,995.87 - its weakest level in nearly two weeks - on sharp losses in bluechips including Sun Pharma, ONGC and Coal India.
Blue chips lost amid negative Asian cues on continued US Fed rate hike worries.
The 30-share Sensex rose to the day's high of 27,150.78 in early trade but emergence of profit-booking brought it down. It finally settled below the 27,000-mark as it closed with a loss of 61.54 points (or 0.23 per cent) at 26,995.87 - its lowest close since 26,867.55 on September 1.
In 3 straight sessions, it has lost almost 324 points.
Brokers said sentiment was weak on reports of foreign institutional investors (FIIs) and domestic institutional investors turning sellers, after remaining major buyers for past several sessions, a move which had helped indices scale new highs.
Besides, profit-booking in recent out-performers and caution ahead of IIP and inflation data scheduled for release on Friday also affected sentiments, they said.
Among the 30 Sensex stocks, Sun Pharmaceuticals turned distinctly weak and closed 4.3 per cent down on reports of a surprise inspection by US drug regulator at its Halol plant in Gujarat.
CIL fell 3.5 per cent on speculation the government will sell a portion of shares at a discount to their market price. On Wednesday, CCEA had cleared stake dilution in CIL, ONGC and NHPC via offer-for-sale (OFS)route.
Shares of ONGC slipped 3.58 per cent.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE) index Nifty lost 8.40 points, or 0.10 per cent, to settle at 8,085.70.
Intra-day, the 50-share scrip shuttled between 8,127.95 and 8,057.30.
At the Inter Bank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the rupee appeared to be rebounding from one-month lows of 60.95 against US dollar and was last trading at 60.77 levels on good selling of the greenback.
A mixed trend in other Asian markets and lower opening in Europe did not help domestic markets' cause either.
Overall, 16 Sensex stocks declined while 14 led by SBI, Infosys, RIL, Axis Bank, BHEL, GAIL and Maruti ended up.
Sectorwise, the BSE Healthcare index suffered the most by losing 1.73 per cent, followed by Metal index (down 1.08 per cent), Oil & Gas index (down 0.48 per cent), Realty index (0.34 per cent) and Consumer Durables index (0.22 per cent).
On the other hand, BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices ended 1.03 per cent and 1.39 per cent up respectively.

Oscar Pistorius proven not guilty of premeditated murder  verdict awaitedOscar Pistorius proven not guilty of murder, final verdict awaited
Agencies
print
"Blade Runner" Oscar Pistorius was found not guilty of the murder of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp Thursday as a South African judge dismissed the most serious charges against him.
"The state clearly has not proved beyond reasonable doubt that the accused is guilty of premeditated murder," Thokozile Masipa said, before dealing with the lesser charge of culpable homicide -- also known as manslaughter.
"Viewed in its totality the evidence failed to establish that the accused had the requisite intention to kill the deceased let alone with premeditation," said Masipa.
"Clearly he did not objectively foresee this as a possibility, that he would kill the person behind the door," she said as she later dismissed the lesser charge of common murder.
The 27-year-old sat in the dock bowed and burying his head in his hands after the finding was made.
Pistorius was charged with one count of murder and three firearms offences over the killing on Valentine's Day 2013.
He could still be found guilty of culpable homicide, carrying anything from a suspended sentence to a lengthy prison stretch, or he could be acquitted.
A charge of premeditated murder would have meant a life sentence in South Africa's notoriously brutal jails.
Read: Oscar Pistorius' mental health in question
'Evasive'
Pistorius had grimaced and sniffled as he watched Masipa call Pretoria's High Court to order and read her verdict.
Both defence and prosecution agree Pistorius killed the law graduate and model when he fired four shots through a locked toilet door in his upmarket Pretoria home.
But the sprinter says he thought he was shooting at an intruder while Steenkamp was safely in bed.
The prosecution says he killed her in a fit of rage after an argument.
Judge Masipa moved quickly through her judgement, rejecting state evidence that pointed to an argument between the couple.
"Neither the evidence of the loving relationship or a relationship turned sour can assist this court to determine whether the accused had the requisite intention to kill the deceased," she said.
The judge also reviewed evidence by neighbours who testified of hearing shots and screams, saying many "had their facts wrong".
She said huge media coverage of the case could have affected some witnesses.
"I am of the view that they failed to separate what they knew personally or what they heard from other people or what they gathered from the media," she said.
But Masipa also said Pistorius himself was "evasive" on the stand, and that his evidence showed "a number of defences, or apparent defences".
"The accused was a very poor witness," she said.
Read: Oscar Pistorius - from Blade Runner to Blade Gunner
'Reality show'
The verdict is the climax of a six-month murder trial that has cast a harsh spotlight on the fallen hero's private life.
Full of high drama, the trial has fed intense media interest worldwide, with live broadcasts veering into the realm of TV reality shows.
During proceedings Pistorius has broken down, weeping and at times vomiting as he heard how the 29-year-old blonde's head "exploded" like a watermelon under the impact of his hollow-point bullets.
On Thursday a man selling papers on a nearby street corner said he couldn't keep up with the demand. "Maybe you can come later," said Thomas Mdlule, the 29-year-old vendor, rushing to count out change for his customers.
Thursday's verdict is unlikely to be the end of the case.
There will be more courtroom arguments before a sentence is handed down and, most likely, an appeal to a higher court.
"The trial is the first leg of a multi-legged legal process. It's just the beginning," said lawyer David Dadic.
Whatever happens, Pistorius's glittering sporting career is likely to be over.
Once a poster boy for disabled sport, he has been stripped of lucrative endorsement deals by global brands and has withdrawn from all competition.

ABN & TV9 ban in Telangana: Scribes held for protestABN & TV9 ban in Telangana: Scribes held for protest
KV Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 9:  
Police arrested several women journalists in front of the Chief Minister’s residence here on Tuesday as they were protesting against the ban on two television channels (TV9 and ABN Andhrajyothy). The police have housed them at the Goshamahal police station.
The two channels have been barred by MSOs (multiple system operators) for the last three months for their alleged anti-Telangana stance. The MSOs refused to budge even after the Central I&B Minister Prakash Javadekar gave them a directive to resume the telecast of the channels.
A group of journalists also protested in Warangal where the Chief Minister attended the birth centenary celebrations of poet Kaloji Narayana Rao. They too were arrested.
At the meeting, the Chief Minister had warned the channels against airing programmes that belittled Telangana.
TV9 had telecast two programmes, both satires on the Telangana legislators and Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao, in June. Though the channel apologised to the Telangana people for airing the programmes, the MSOs refused to telecast the programmes of the channels.
Meanwhile, Telangana IT and Panchayatraj Minister K Taraka Rama Rao refused to intervene in the issue. “You have an issue with the MSOs. You would better settle it with them,” he said, answering a query from the reporters of the barred channels.
The reporters attended the meeting with their mouths tied with black ribbons.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)

Warren Harris named MD of Tata TechnologiesBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 01:32 PM IST
Warren Harris named MD of Tata Technologies
Engineering and information technology company Tata Technologies today announced Warren Harris to be its new chief executive and managing director.
Engineering and information technology company Tata Technologies today announced Warren Harris to be its new chief executive and managing director.
Harris, formerly the company's President and COO, succeeds the retiring Patrick McGoldrick, who spent over 20 years leading the global engineering services and product development company.
"Warren is an effective leader who will take Tata Technologies forward in its next stage of growth," said McGoldrick, who will continue providing counsel to the Board of Directors in retirement.
During his 26-year tenure with the company, Harris' responsibilities have ranged from engineer to technical management in multiple geographies around the world. As President and COO, a position he held since 2005, Harris was responsible for the company's day-to-day operations globally, including accelerating revenue growth and delivering value to customers.
 Advertisements

Apple Payments Service May Boost Sales of Larger iPhonesYou are here: Home Corporates
Apple Payments Service May Boost Sales of Larger iPhones
Reuters | Updated On: September 10, 2014 23:24 (IST)
MTS Offers Lower Voice Call Tariff
The addition of a mobile payments service to Apple Inc's next iPhone could help to boost sales of the larger-screen phones and claw back market share lost to mobiles running on Google Inc's Android platform.
Apple shares rose as much as 1.3 per cent on Wednesday, a day after the launch of the iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch - the first new product introduced by chief executive Tim Cook.
At least six brokerages raised their price target on Apple's stock by as much as $16 to a high of $116, but there was also a rare downgrade to the stock.
Many on Wall Street hailed Apple Pay - the company's new wireless payment system - with Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster calling it the "star of the show" at Tuesday's gala launch.
It will allow iPhone 6 and 6 Plus users to pay for a burger at McDonald's Corp or groceries at Whole Foods Market Inc at the tap of a button, using their American Express Co, Visa Inc or Mastercard Inc bank cards.
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, Motorola Mobility and others include similar wireless technology in many Android smartphones. But with payment systems such as Google's Wallet failing to catch on, the technology is not standard in handsets.
"On the mobile payments front, we believe the company made a major breakthrough and cracked an important and vexing issue that has plagued the industry for several years regarding customer ownership," William Blair analysts wrote in a note.
Mr Cook, who took over as CEO from Steve Jobs in 2011, has been under pressure to launch new services and come up with larger-screen phones to counter Samsung's popular Galaxy Note 'phablets'.
Worldwide market share of iPhones, which contribute more than half of Apple's revenue, slipped to 11.7 per cent for the quarter ended June from 13 per cent a year earlier, according to research firm IDC.
"Apple Pay is a feature that should help sell Apple products and provide some small help to the bottom line," BMO Capital Markets analysts said.
But Andy Hargreaves, analyst at Pacific Crest, said growth potential from the iPhone 6 was largely priced into Apple's shares. He cut his rating to 'sector perform' from 'outperform', becoming the first analyst since May to downgrade the stock.
Apple Watch, the company's first new product since the iPad, is tethered to the iPhone 6 models. Starting at $349, it will receive phone calls and messages, play music and serve as a digital wallet to pay for goods.
The watch, which will go on sale in the United States next year, has received mixed reactions. Fashion commentators like its clean aesthetic, while some tech writers pointed out Apple's silence over battery life.
Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and Qualcomm Inc have launched smart-watches based on Google's Android Wear, without great success.
"Apple Watch is attractive, but the need for phone tethering, short battery life, and lack of compelling features for people who do not want a watch will limit the market," Mr Hargreaves said.
Apple shares were up slightly at $98.18 in early trading. They closed down 0.38 per cent on the Nasdaq on Tuesday.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Suspense means to know and waitUpdated: September 11, 2014 16:12 IST
Suspense means to know and wait…
SUDHAMAHI REGUNATHAN
Special Arrangement The maker of horror movies, the podgy director is petrified of policemen!
TOPICS
cinema
Alfred Hitchcock reveals what he is scared about
Would you imagine that Alfred Hitchcock would be scared of anything at all? The maker of horror movies, the podgy director is petrified of policemen!
“I never drive a car on the theory that if you do not drive a car you cannot get a ticket. I am scared of anything to do with law, although I am fascinated by it… the policemen could charge me with some offence and I would get a ticket and that would scare me…I am a coward I suppose…Most people think, that because of the material in which I indulge professionally, I must be a monster. I am the opposite I am a placid individual. My idea of happiness is a clear horizon, with not even a tiny cloud even the size of a man’s fist. Ingrid once said of me that the trouble with Hitch is that he wouldn’t have a fight…because I just walked away when she was dithering about something on the site…”
The generously endowed man filling the entire couch recounts an incident of how a man got into trouble with a policeman because he refused to pay 2 dollars as fine. “There began his downfall till he went to the electric chair all for not paying two dollars…My stomach would turn over at the sight of a policeman…Someone once played a joke on me and in a television show, suddenly, a policeman came and sat in the chair opposite…and started asking me for my licence…”
Hitchcock says he is a very gentle director. He does not shout and scream at the actors and actresses but just discusses with them the whole story. For those proverbial directors who scream and shout, Hitchcock says, “All the drama is on the set and none on the screen…I don’t direct I discuss it with the actor and actress…what bothers me most are the details…I hate to see pouring wine out of wrong bottle…”
Hitchcock adds another dimension to his off-screen personality by saying that he loves to play harmless practical jokes. For example, once, he invited, through a drama company, an old lady dressed in Victorian clothes to his wife’s party. The curiosity about who this lady may be, added some extra fun to the evening. On another occasion, he had some celebrities over and all the food he served them was blue.
Hitchcock says about the world as he saw it in 1973, “The world is in great difficulty… and communication is the reason why people get disturbed…years and years ago there was no television or radio but dowdy newspapers…in fact I had a friend who designed the cover page of the newspaper with headlines…you know putting the heading in bolder font so you could see them at a glance…today people have it thrown at them from all sides…you have got the situation of people copying what they see…crime being copied…I only regret one thing that I ever did in one film that I did was copied…and that was a picture I made in the studios here…in it I had a big scene laid in Amsterdam with an important politician…” Hitchcock describes the scene when someone is to come and take a picture of the politician with a pistol behind the camera and then shoots him. The politician dies. The same manner of assassination was done two years later and a politician was shot dead. Someone had copied Hitchcock’s idea for fiction and made it real.
“People always copy the bad things…bad news is news, good news is not interesting. Only bad news is appealing because, for example, the audiences watching my pictures feel scared but feel comfortable and safe…. emulating good does not give satisfaction …when a man is in bad situation you say thank God that is not me,” says Hitchcock.
Hitchcock says it takes a lot of design to create suspense. “Suspense comes by giving the audience information…suspense is you tell the audience that there is a bomb under that chair which will go off in ten minutes…and make them wait…”
sudhamahi@gmail.com

Market will find difficulty to breach current levels: Mayuresh JoshiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Love Jihad  issue is bid to create tension before polls: Maharashtra CMOdisha CM Naveen Patnaik announces Rs 3,000 crore Biju Pucca Ghar scheme
"The new scheme is named as Biju Pucca Ghar scheme. Our aim is to convert all the kuchha houses into...

SBI chief in Bloomberg s  50 Most Influential  listSBI chief Arundhati Bhattacharya finds place in Bloomberg's '50 Most Influential' list
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 10, 2014  | 22:40 IST
State Bank of India's (SBI) first woman chairperson Arundhati  Bhattacharya.
State Bank of India's (SBI) first woman chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya been featured in the '50 Most Influential' list of Bloomberg Markets.
Bhattacharya, who is the only Indian woman to be present in the list, is featured in the 'bankers' category, SBI said in a release issued on Monday.
The list will appear in the magazine's October 2014 special issue.
"Bhattacharya runs India's biggest bank and is pushing politicians to abandon their practice of forgiving loans, saying that it corrupts the credit culture," Bloomberg Markets said in a citation statement.
When contacted, Bhattacharya, who is completing her first year in the corner room of the 208-year-old bank's first woman chairperson shortly, said that she was honoured and delighted to be get the recognition.
"I am happy that this recognition will help me contribute more to nation-building and that this will inspire me to drive SBI to partake in the country's growth story," she told PTI.
The final list consists of 10 people in each of the five categories-money managers, thinkers, corporate power brokers, bankers and policymakers.
"We select individuals based on what they're doing now, rather than past achievements, and almost three-fifths of this year's list is made up of people who are appearing for the first time," the magazine said.
Bloomberg Markets is a monthly magazine published by Bloomberg L.P. as part of Bloomberg News.

Buy Marksans Pharma  says Akshata DeshmukhLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Marksans Pharma, says Akshata Deshmukh
According to Akshata Deshmukh, Chief Strategist-Trading at Networth Stock Broking, one may buy Marksans Pharma.
Post your opinion here
02:00 pm
Akshata Deshmukh, Chief Strategist-Trading at Networth Stock Broking told CNBC-TV18, " Marksans Pharma has been able to repay most of its Foreign Currency Convertible Bond (FCCB) liabilities, more than 90 percent which augurs well for the company."
She further added, "The cash flow generation is improving from the last fiscal and the company is into manufacturing of soft gelatin capsules which is supplied to the US. The company is doing pretty and going ahead with improved return ratios there could be re-rating of sorts. There is a potential of 15-20 percent from current levels. So the investors could look at even buying some more stock if one likes and the prospect definitely looks interesting in times to come."
RELATED NEWS

Apple leads market higher  energy weighsJDS Uniphase, Lululemon among biggest premarket movers
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
Bankruptcy RadioShack Corporation
NEW YORK (Reuters) - JDS Uniphase and Lululemon Athletica Inc were among the biggest premarket movers on Thursday, with both companies moving on heavy volume and on track for their biggest one-day jumps in years.
Network gear maker JDS gained 13.5 percent to $13.75, on track for its biggest one-day advance since January 2013 a day after it said it would split into two separate public companies.

Oscar Pistorius trial: Judge starts reading out verdict  judgement expected shortlyIANS |  Pretoria Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 01:36 PM IST
Oscar Pistorius cleared of murder charges, culpable homicide verdict not ruled out
Pistorius is on trial for fatally shooting his girlfriend Reeva Stenkamp; the prosecution has alleged it was pre-meditated
In one of the most closely watched trials of the year, South African athelete and Paralympian Oscar Pistorius was on Thursday cleared of murder charges.
Judge Thokozile Masipa said the prosecution case for murder was circumstantial and cleared Pistorius on two counts of murder, including pre-meditated murder.
However, a verdict of culpable homicide has not been ruled out, and coudl still send the athelete who competes with prosthetic limbs -- that have earned him the sobriquet of 'Blade Runner' -- to jail for as much as 15 years. .
Pistorius is on trial for fatally shooting his girlfriend Reeva Stenkamp through a locked toilet door Feb 14, 2013, at his house in Pretoria, Independent Online reported.
Pistorius has denied the murder charges and said that he shot Stenkamp, mistaking her for an intruder who had entered his house through the toilet window, but the state insisted that it was pre-meditated murder.
If found guilty of murder, Pistorius could face life imprisonment.
After more than a month of deliberation, Judge Masipa will decide if Pistorius's version of events - that he was deathly afraid of an intruder he believed had broken into his house, prompting the shooting - is true.
 

Re recovers from low levels | can stabalise at 61/$Rupee recovers from low levels hits high of 60.75 against dollar
By Reuters | 11 Sep, 2014, 03.05PM IST
0
Share More
The local unit rose to session high of 60.75. Traders cited large petrochemical company buying dollars.
ET SPECIAL:
MUMBAI: Rupee was trading at 60.7500/7550 versus Wednesday's close of 60.94/95.
The local unit rose to session high of 60.75. Traders cited large petrochemical company buying dollars.
Brent crude dropped below $98 a barrel on oversupply worries. Reuters poll showed long positions on rupee being cut on worries about Fed rate hikes. Pair is seen in a 60.60 to 61.10 range until close.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Who d stand to gain from HDFC-HDFC Bank mergerThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ashok Leyland s Pantnagar plant rolls out 100 000th vehiclePress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 01:37 PM IST
Ashok Leyland's Pantnagar plant rolls out 100,000th vehicle
Hinduja Group flagship company Ashok Leyland rolled out 1,00,000th vehicle on Tuesday from its manufacturing plant in Pantnagar, Uttarakhand.
Hinduja Group flagship company Ashok Leyland rolled out 100,000th vehicle on Tuesday from its manufacturing plant in Pantnagar, Uttarakhand.
In a BSE filing, the company said it rolled out 100,000th vehicle from the Pantnagar plant on September 9.
"Pantnagar is an important step in our ambition to be a world leader in the global commercial vehicle industry...Our capacity will allow us to take advantage of the expected upswing in the economy and industry," Ashok Leyland Managing Director Vinod K Dasari said in a statement.
Ashok Leyland's Pantnagar plant with annual capacity of 70,000 vehicles was established in 2010.
 Advertisements

Auto industry likely to turnaround in FY15: M&MSep 11, 2014, 04.16 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Auto industry likely to turnaround in FY15: M&M
“If the economic turnaround that we were seeing in Q1 continues in Q2, Q3 and Q4 then I see no reason why auto industry should not be at the forefront of that turnaround,” says Pawan Goenka, President, Auto & Farm Equipment, ED, Mahindra & Mahindra.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Auto industry likely to turnaround in FY15: M&M
“If the economic turnaround that we were seeing in Q1 continues in Q2, Q3 and Q4 then I see no reason why auto industry should not be at the forefront of that turnaround,” says Pawan Goenka, President, Auto & Farm Equipment, ED, Mahindra & Mahindra.
Post your opinion here
Excerpts from Closing Bell on CNBC-TV18 Watch the full show »
After an abysmal FY14, the auto industry is gearing up for a turnaround in FY15, says Pawan Goenka, President, Auto & Farm Equipment, ED, Mahindra & Mahindra .
In an exclusive interview to CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan, he says,”FY14 clearly was a bad year for industry overall and also for M&M, FY15 we are beginning to see the turnaround in the industry. The last three-four months have been very good for the passenger vehicle segment of the industry where we are seeing a growth now of about 6-7 percent.”
Sharing the auto major's revival blueprint, Goenka says that he is betting big on the upcoming launches which include a compact utility vehicle. M&M is not giving up on its two-wheeler business, which has been making losses. Goenka is also confident that Ssangyong, which was acquired three years ago will break-even soon. With ssangyong in the bag, the company is looking to enlarge its global footprint as they are on the prowl for acquisitions.
M&M reported 7.18 percent decline in total sales at 35,175 units in August versus 37,897 units in the same month last year. Sales of passenger vehicles, including Scorpio, XUV 500, Xylo, Bolero and Verito, stood at 14,140 units compared with 15,821 units in August 2013, down 10.62 percent. Four-wheel commercial vehicle sales declined by 5.41 percent to 12,975 units in August 2014 as against 13,718 units in the year-ago month.
Also Read: Motherson Sumi eyes 15-20% topline growth, 40% RoCE in FY15
M&M stock price
On September 11, 2014, Mahindra and Mahindra closed at Rs 1375.40, down Rs 9.05, or 0.65 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1421.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 767.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 59.61 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 23.07. The latest book value of the company is Rs 270.60 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 5.08.
RELATED NEWS

Oscar Pistorius Cleared of Murder Charges
Dallas stars Patrick Duffy and Linda Gray on Capitol HillEven more  surreal estate ,  Party Diary  and  Love, etc : Sign up for  The Reliable Source newsletter . And follow us on  Facebook  and  Twitter .
Emily Heil is the co-author of the Reliable Source and previously helped pen the In the Loop column with Al Kamen.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410379032/1410379032000/1410379032 tracking: {authors=Emily Heil, blog_name=reliable-source, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=dallas-stars-patrick-duffy-and-linda-gray-on-capitol-hill, post_id=26445, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 7:57:12 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 7:57:12 PM

Sundaram Clayton appoints Lakshmi Venu  Sudarshan Venu Joint MDsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sundaram Clayton appoints Lakshmi Venu, Sudarshan Venu Joint MDs
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 11:  
TVS Group company Sundaram Clayton has appointed Lakshmi Venu and Sudarshan Venu as Joint Managing Directors of the company, according to a press release.
Lakshmi Venu, who has been redesignated, was previously Director – Strategy in the rank of managing director of the automobile components manufacturing company.
Sudarshan Venu was a non-executive director prior to the present appointment.
The board took the decision considering the increasing business of the company and its subsidiaries. Sundaram Clayton is a manufacturer of aluminium pressure die casting components for the automobile industry. The company reported a revenue of Rs 1,232 crore in 2013-14.
Lakshmi and Sudarshan will work under the advice and guidance of their father, Venu Srinivasan, the Chairman and Managing Director of the company.
The announcement follows Sudarshan being made a Joint Managing Director of TVS Motor, the two wheeler manufacturer, a subsidiary of Sundaram Clayton, on Wednesday. Lakshmi was made a non-executive director on the board of TVS Motor.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Loose lips and corporate secretsWhen loose lips sink companies
Lucy Marcus
About the author
Lucy Marcus is an award winning writer, board chair and non-executive director of several organisations. She is also the CEO of Marcus Venture Consulting. You can follow Lucy on Twitter  @lucymarcus
Share this page Share on LinkedIn
(Thinkstock)
A company is planning to go public sometime in the next year and I know everything about it.
I know management’s strategy, which board members they are planning to "dump", which employees they are going to ease out and replace before they announce the IPO, who the company’s main competitors are, who its bankers are, how management plans to finesse the filing to make negatives sound more positive… Suffice it to say, I know a lot about them.
Related
Have I ever worked with them? Nope.
Do I know anyone who works at the company? Not really.
I know all this because the person (that I surmised is their chief financial officer) came and sat down in a seat next to me in an airline lounge at the airport in Munich, Germany, and spent the entire time speaking freely, and without moderating his tone about any of it. It was information I didn’t want to know, particularly because much of it was insider information that could have had regulatory repercussions, and yet now I know it all, as do a couple dozen other people who were sitting nearby giving him the evil eye.
This all happened as I was travelling back from a board meeting where I’d spent a good amount of time in a risk and governance committee meeting. This chap’s oversharing phone call got me to thinking about risk in a new way.
“Loose lips” risk
Over the years I’ve sat on several board committees that focus on company risk, including audit and governance and risk committees.
We talk about a lot of types of risk. Cyber, money, market, strategy and much more. The company risk register, which is essentially a rolling record of potential risks, helps keep track and measure all these possible dangers, and it can grow to pages long.
There is one risk I'm going to be looking at more carefully in the coming months. I’m going to call it the “loose lips” risk. It is a human risk that can be found anywhere. Mostly it is heard in crowded public places such as airline and hotel lounges and trains, but it can also be found in quiet, out-of-the-way places.  
 Bucolic public gardens are not immune. Imagine my surprise when two senior executives of a large public company had a frank talk about their board meetings while standing over my son and me as we were pond dipping. We’d been there for a little while and I suppose we looked harmless enough, just a mother and her son. These guys paused in their walk to gaze over the pond, talking intimate board business and plans for the future. This case was a bit more embarrassing because I actually knew a lot about the company and people they were talking about.
Public places can lure people into thinking they are invisible.
Creating a bubble
Mobile phones and video chatting have their plusses. They allow you to get work done anywhere — be it the beach or the airport. The downside, from a risk perspective, is that we are not forced to sit in closed offices where information is more secure. Now we can talk confidential business anywhere.
Until someone invents a device that creates a personal bubble (not a bad idea, come to think of it), we are surrounded by a lot of strangers at close quarters whenever we eat out, travel on public transportation — that includes taxis — and go for a walk and talk.
It happens often enough that I think I may suggest this risk be separated from the human error line in the risk register into its own " loose lips sink ships " line item.
My fellow committee members will laugh until I tell them how many times in my last month of travel I've encountered this, then they will likely realise it has happened a lot to them too, and that, frankly, we’ve all been guilty of it. We'll have to make a strategy about how to tell executives not to blabber without being patronising — some will clip and send this column as a not-so-subtle hint.
But one thing is certain: it is vital that we pay attention because no one needs to hack our secure servers or tap our phones for private information if they can simply get it by sitting a couple seats away on the train.
Discretion is the wiser part of valour, and in this case, not only will we be protecting the companies we work for from an easy-to-manage risk, we’ll also make much more pleasant neighbours in public spaces.
Lucy Marcus is an award winning writer, board chair and non-executive director of several organisations. She is also the CEO of Marcus Venture Consulting. To receive new Above Board columns, please subscribe here . You can also follow Lucy on Twitter @lucymarcus . Don’t miss another Above Board column by  subscribing here .
To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital, head over to our  Facebook page or message us on Twitter .
Boardroom 101
What do board committees do? Most of the detail work of the broader board is done by subcommittees. They look in-depth at things like executive pay, the corporate audit, various risks and much more.
What risks do boards consider? Directors look at a broad range of risks, from strategic to operational. They also think about what the companies risk appetite is.
Advertising Feature

Oil hits 17-month low below $98 as supplies buildET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
LONDON: Brent crude fell to a 17-month low below $98 a barrel on Thursday, down for the sixth straight session as worries over ample supply and weak demand outweighed concerns that conflict in the Middle East could curb oil production.
North Sea crude oil hit a high above $115 in June as Islamist insurgents swept across northern Iraq, taking control of several oilfields, but prices have now fallen more than 15 per cent from their highs as supply from other countries has increased much faster than demand.
The West's energy watchdog said on Thursday slowing global economic growth, particularly in China and Europe, had curbed oil demand severely at a time when supplies were growing steadily, particularly from North America.
"The recent slowdown in demand growth is nothing short of remarkable," the International Energy Agency (IEA) said in a monthly report, revising down its oil demand growth projections for 2014 and 2015.
Brent crude for October was 70 cents lower at $97.34 a barrel by 0910 GMT, after closing down $1.12 in the previous session. It earlier hit an intraday low of $97.10, its weakest since April 18, 2013.
US crude was down 60 cents at $91.07 a barrel.
The IEA said it expects non-OPEC supply to expand by 1.6 million barrels per day in 2014, and by another 1.3 million bpd in 2015 on the back of the shale oil boom in North America.
That means the world will need less oil from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, and the IEA cut its estimate of demand for OPEC crude and stocks for 2015 by 300,000 bpd to 29.6 million bpd.
In August, OPEC pumped 30.31 million bpd.
OPEC has also cut its estimates of demand for its own crude this year and the next, pointing to a surplus of more than 1 million bpd in 2015 if the group keeps output at current levels.
But geopolitical worries remain a serious concern.
President Barack Obama told Americans on Wednesday he had authorised US airstrikes for the first time in Syria and more attacks in Iraq in a broad escalation of a campaign against the Islamic State militant group.
Iraq is OPEC's second-biggest oil producer and exporter and investors are concerned about the potential impact on supplies, although Iraq's oil industry has so far remained largely unaffected by the turmoil in the north of the country.
"People are worried about unexpected consequences of an escalation with the potential of a greater reaction from jihadists," said Tony Nunan, risk manager at Mitsubishi Corp.
Underlining the global oil surplus, data from the US Energy Information Administration on Wednesday showed an increase in some US oil product inventories.
Stocks of gasoline and distillates jumped by 2.4 million and 4.1 million barrels respectively in the week to Sept. 5, compared with analysts' expectations of a 157,000-barrel drop for gasoline and a 571,000-barrel increase for distillates, EIA data showed.
US crude oil stocks fell by 972,000 barrels last week, smaller than analysts' projections for a drop of 1.1 million barrels. .
Libya could amplify the oversupply concerns after Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thinni said oil production was expected to rise to 1 million bpd in October.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Rajiv Lall: Privatisation not a panacea for PSU banksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Christopher IngrahamAnother effective way to improve your credit score is to pay down your debt.
Sep 9, 2014
Sorting through your retirement finances shouldn’t require a bottle of aspirin. This book can help.
Sep 5, 2014
Post columnist Michelle Singletary offers her advice and answers your questions.
Sep 4, 2014
Post columnist Michelle Singletary offered her advice and answers your questions.
Sep 4, 2014
Web sites let you gamble to lose weight. Also: the iPhone 6 and college degrees that underpay.
Sep 4, 2014
Why blame each other for using the seats as built when it’s the big airlines’ fault for squeezing us in?
Sep 2, 2014
You’ve paid for that leg room. But that doesn’t mean you should abuse the privileges that come with.
Aug 29, 2014
Post columnist Michelle Singletary offered her advice and answers your questions.
Aug 28, 2014
Liberal arts and business majors are more likely to say they’re underemployed.
Aug 28, 2014
The credit helps offset the cost of the policy and is intended to make it more affordable.
Aug 26, 2014
Load More
About
Michelle Singletary writes the nationally syndicated personal finance column, “The Color of Money,” which appears in The Post on Wednesday and Sunday. Her award-winning column is syndicated by The Washington Post Writer’s Group and is carried in more than 100 newspapers. In 2010, she released her third personal finance book, “The Power To Prosper: 21 Days to Financial Freedom.” She has been a personal finance contributor for MSNBC, NPR and ABC’s daily talk show, “The Revolution.” For two seasons she hosted “Singletary Says” on TV One. In her spare time, Singletary is the director of a ministry she founded at her church, in which women and men volunteer to mentor others who are having financial challenges. She is a graduate of the University of Maryland at College Park. She has received the Distinguished Alumni Award from The Johns Hopkins University, where she earned a master’s degree in business and management.
Want to stay on top of the latest personal finance news? Then subscribe to Michelle's weekly email newsletter , which will be delivered to your inbox every Thursday.
Archives

Insilco: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 11, 2014, 04.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Insilco: Updates on outcome of AGM
Insilco Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 14, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Insilco: Updates on outcome of AGM
Insilco Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 14, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Insilco Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 27th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 14, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Rupee down 23 paise against dollar in early tradeUpdated: September 10, 2014 09:59 IST
Rupee down 23 paise against dollar in early trade
PTI
currency values
The rupee weakened by 23 paise to 60.83 against the US currency in early trade on Wednesday at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market due to dollar’s gains against other currencies overseas.
Forex dealers said besides strengthening of dollar, increased demand for the American unit from importers and a weak opening in the domestic equity market put pressure on the rupee.
The domestic currency had lost 31 paise, its biggest daily loss in over a month, to close at 60.60 against the US dollar in Tuesday’s trade on concerns US interest rates may rise sooner than investors had anticipated.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex fell 130.78 points, or 0.48 per cent, to 27,134.54 in early trade on Wednesday.

Ferrari chairman quits to leave Fiat CEO Marchionne in driving seatReuters |  Maranello, Italy Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 01:37 AM IST
Ferrari chairman quits to leave Fiat CEO Marchionne in driving seat
The exit came after the two clashed over strategy and the company's poor Formula One showing
Luca Cordero di Montezemolo, chairman of Italian luxury sports car maker Ferrari, is quitting to be replaced by the boss of parent group Fiat
after the two men clashed over strategy and the Formula One team's poor results.
Montezemolo, one of Italy's best-known and most colourful businessmen and a protege of Fiat's founding Agnelli family, will leave on October 13. That day, the newly merged Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) is due to be listed in New York.
Fiat Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne hopes the allure of Ferrari, one of the world's strongest luxury brands, will help drive US investor interest in the new automaker. Longer term, however, the question is whether the 62-year-old Italian-Canadian, whose pedigree is in the mass-market world of Fiat and Chrysler, can maintain the cachet of the Ferrari brand.
Ferrari has so far kept a tight lid on volumes, limiting production to 7,000 cars per year as a way to preserve the exclusivity of its cars. But Marchionne said during a news conference on Wednesday this number could be raised gradually.
Under Montezemolo, whose penchant for exquisitely tailored suits is a stark contrast to Marchionne's casual, no-tie college student look, Ferrari raced to the top of the Formula One grid.
The glow of Ferrari's victories on the racetrack increased revenues tenfold and tripled sales volumes, helping the Italian family business whose blood-red cars were snapped up by the super-rich become one of the world's most powerful brands.
But Montezemolo's relationship with Marchionne had soured in recent years, because of disagreements over the role of the luxury sports car business within the Fiat group, people with knowledge of the situation said.
Chairman since 1991, Montezemolo has wanted to keep Ferrari autonomous, while Marchionne has pushed to better integrate the business within Fiat to boost the group's move into the premium end of the car market as it seeks to rival the likes of Volkswagen
and BMW
.
Marchionne said on Wednesday that he and Montezemolo, who has been tipped to become chairman of airline Alitalia, had discussed the future of Ferrari at length.
"Our mutual desire to see Ferrari achieve its true potential on the (Formula One racing) track has led to misunderstandings, which became clearly visible over the last weekend," he said, referring to the lack of a Ferrari driver in the top three at an Italian Grand Prix for the first time since 2008.
For Montezemolo, meanwhile, the Chrysler marriage clearly played its part.
"Today I am leaving serene and proud. There is no doubt that a new phase begins for both Ferrari and the whole group," Montezemolo said during a joint news conference with Marchionne on Wednesday at Ferrari's headquarters in Maranello.
The two men sounded conciliatory tones before reporters. But Montezemolo quipped: "Marchionne has been arguing with me since 2002."
On Wednesday night Fiat said Montezemolo would receive a combined severance payout of 26.95 million euros ($34.80 million), plus other benefits. 
 
INVESTOR APPEAL
Marchionne, who has been running Fiat since 2004 and revived its fortunes through the tie-up with Chrysler, now wants to flash the Ferrari card to attract U.S. investors when the group makes its debut on Wall Street.
Fiat shares rose 2.6% to 7.89 euros by 10:41 GMT on Wednesday, with the market speculating that Montezemolo's exit could open the door for a spin-off and listing of Ferrari, a move Marchionne has repeatedly ruled out. Analysts value Ferrari at 4-5 billion euros ($5.17 billion to $6.47 billion).
At the news conference, Marchionne said there were no plans for a Ferrari IPO nor to fold Ferrari into the Fiat group. He also said that winning on the Formula One track was "an essential part" of the Ferrari brand and a "non-negotiable target" for the group.
Montezemolo, who has often toyed with the idea of entering politics, was a protege of Fiat patriarch Gianni Agnelli and became Ferrari's sporting director at the age of 26, helping its driver Niki Lauda to two of his three world titles and helped make Ferrari's symbol - the prancing horse - one of the world's most recognisable status symbols.
However, Ferrari has not won a drivers' or constructors' title since 2008, and Marchionne said on Sunday that the team's performance was "unacceptable". That was widely seen as a public sacking of Montezemolo.
Insiders said there was never any love lost between the two exuberant businessmen, each ambitious and powerful.
But their differences became more apparent in recent months as Fiat completed its buyout of Chrysler and prepared to move its headquarters away from Italy, the carmaker's home for the past 115 years. In recent months, their showdown became a battle of wills and of egos.
It was one of the few lost battles for Montezemolo, whose mane of hair and aquiline nose make him instantly recognisable in a crowd of often bland businessmen.
Montezemolo organised the 1990 World Cup in Italy, was himself chairman of Fiat, managed Italy's America's Cup challenge team, headed the powerful business lobby Confindustria and created a start-up that ended the state railway system's monopoly on high-speed train service.
Though he was reappointed Ferrari chairman in March, Montezemolo did not travel to Detroit in May when Fiat presented a business plan for the next five years. He was also excluded from the board of the new FCA.
Montezemolo, however, leaves with much of the credit for having rebuilt the Formula One team after Enzo Ferrari's death in 1988, his hiring of Jean Todt as principal leading to the arrival of Michael Schumacher and a string of successive constructors' and drivers' titles between 1999 and 2004. Schumacher's 2000 success ended a 21-year-wait for a Ferrari champion.
Ferrari, which sells about 7,000 cars a year, made a record 2.34 billion euros in revenue last year with an operating profit margin of 15.6 percent.
Fiat owns 90 percent of Ferrari, with the remaining 10 percent held by Piero Ferrari, the group's vice chairman and son of the carmaker's founder Enzo Ferrari.
Montezemolo once called himself "an apostle of risk," a characteristic that is definitely not engrained in the psyche of a country where many people still would rather seek a low-paying but secure civil service "job for life" than take a chance in the marketplace.
He founded a think-tank called Italiafutura that promotes competition in the marketplace and political debate.
(1 US dollar = 0.7735 euro)
 Advertisements

Bullish on mkt; built big positions in cement sector: KotakThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

How the U.S. is falling short as Syrias humanitarian crisis ragesBy Rick Noack September 10 at 3:53 PM Follow @rick_n
A woman comforts her child at Syria's Bab al-Salameh border crossing with Turkey in September 2012. The family fled their home in Aleppo province because of Syrian government shelling. (Muhammed Muheisen/Associated Press)
While the Obama administration struggles to decide on military intervention against the Islamic State in Syria, it is also running the risk of ignoring the humanitarian crisis in the country.
On Tuesday, an  Oxfam Briefing Paper  accused the international community of failing Syria on three fronts, citing insufficient aid, meager resettlement offers and continued arms transfers. The report warns that only half of the $7.7 billion in humanitarian appeals for the country have been funded.
Oxfam criticizes several countries in the paper, but special attention is paid to the United States, which it says is neither contributing enough aid nor accepting enough refugees. Are Oxfam's criticisms fair? Let's take a look.
Financial contributions
In July, Secretary of State John F. Kerry  said  the United States was the "the single-largest donor of humanitarian aid for the crisis." He wasn't wrong. Shown below are a select number of countries and the aid they allocated for Syria in 2014:
Oxfam's report, however, measures contributions differently.
It acknowledges the total money transferred by each country, but it also looks at the amount relative to the size of each donor nation's economy. Oxfam then calculates how much each country would have to spend individually to share the burden equally among the world's richest nations.
As the graph above shows, by Oxfam's standards, the U.S. aid to Syria is only 60 percent of what it should pay. It's not the worst, however. Italy, Japan and France have provided less than 35 percent of what Oxfam requests. In Russia's case, it's even more meager — just 1 percent.
Admission of refugees
Oxfam also calls on rich nations to resettle 5 percent of Syria's projected refugee population by the end of 2015. That's a big number — 184,500 people — and the United States is likely to play a major role, with its fiscal 2013 admission ceiling set at about 70,000 refugees, the largest in the world.
There's a problem, however. When the ceiling was decided last year, nobody predicted that the world would have to confront complex, parallel crises in Ukraine, South Sudan, Syria, Iraq, Nigeria and other countries just a few months later.
The U.S. ceiling for those coming from the Near East/South Asia (which includes Syria) is the highest for any region in the world. However, once that threshold is reached, only 2,000 spots can be allocated to undefined regions in response to crises, and the number of Syrians accepted this year has been meager.
Other countries have made big pledges to Syrian refugees. Germany has pledged to accept 26,400 Syrians by the end of 2015 (amounting to as much as 187 percent of Oxfam's calculated number for Germany), and tiny Austria wants to accept 1,500 (98 percent of Oxfam's 'fair share'). To meet Oxfam's requests, the United States would have to accept 65,476 Syrian refugees by the end of next year — a total comparable with the number of all refugees admitted since October.
So far, the United States has not specified the number of refugees it is willing to accept from Syria in the future — and it might take a while until a decision is reached. Unlike some other countries, the United States does not simply accept refugees but usually undertakes a particular resettlement program. In the past, the establishment of such programs has taken years — a very long time to wait considering the growing number of Syrian refugees.
Rick Noack writes about foreign affairs. He is an Arthur F. Burns Fellow at the Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410378782/1410378782000/1410378782 tracking: {authors=Rick Noack, blog_name=worldviews, content_category=World, in_url_headline=how-the-u-s-is-falling-short-as-syrias-humanitarian-crisis-rages, post_id=37442, section={section=world, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 7:53:02 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 7:53:02 PM

Kotak Securities launches multimedia campaignKotak Securities launches multimedia campaign
R Yegya Narayanan
Coimbatore, Sept 11:  
Kotak Securities Ltd, a subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd, has unleashed a multimedia campaign 'StartNow’.
According to a release, the campaign is aimed at making retail investors take informed decisions about investing in the capital markets now.
At the heart of the campaign are the "research backed insights'' of KSL and the use of "smart technology''.
The campaign has been launched through television commercials in eight languages, outdoor campaign in 15 cities and by reaching out to audiences in cinema halls and through Internet across the country.
The company said that its strategy was supported by a recent study that it had made, which showed that investors preferred "knowledge support and access across devices to markets''.
Kotak Securities pointed out that the markets were on fire and the undertone was bullish. Big ticket and institutional investors benefited from their research prowess and raked in profits ahead of others. But retail investors generally fell victims to tips and were left "holding incorrect stocks or stocks at a very high valuation’. But this is set to change.
Trivikram Kamath, CFO & Head - Operations & IT, KSL, said generally retain investors were "late entrants in equity markets'' and they ended up "chasing overheated stocks as well as wrong stocks''.
Hardly a few were equipped with astute stock picking skills. KSL, through its media and outdoor campaign, was trying to reach out to retail investors, particularly "fence sitters'', to make them begin investing early.
What worked in favour of KSL customers was the company’s "robust research and analytics'' which he said the customers could also access through Internet and mobile handsets. This enabled the retail investors to gain from the "acche din in the stock markets''.
According to KSL, with 1,147 branches, franchisees representative/satellite offices across 367 cities, it has handled more than 5,00,000 secondary market trades a day and has a customer base of close to a million.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

AMU scientist urges Health min to identify occurrence ofNDM-4Press Trust of India | Aligarh | Posted: September 11, 2014 3:38 pm
A scientist at Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) has urged the Union Health Ministry to launch a nationwide multi-centered joint project to identify the percentage of occurrence of NDM-4, a deadly bacteria variant which was found by researchers here recently.
Dr Asad Ullah Khan, Chief Coordinator of the Interdisciplinary Biotechnology Lab, AMU headed the team along with other researchers which found the deadly bacteria also called the “super bug” from the hospital’s sewage.
Khan has urged the Health Ministry to launch a nationwide multi-centered joint project for identifying the percentage of occurrence, if at all, of this particular strain and all other strains of this bacteria in the country.
A collaborative effort is the need of the hour if we wish to make an accurate assessment of the situation in the country, he said.
“In Europe, hospitals are collecting hundreds of samples for identifying these bacteria but in India there are just sporadic efforts to identify these bugs. There is certainly no cause for panic as of now but laboratories all over the country which are equipped to handle such studies should launch a collaborative effort for spotting these bacteria in different hospitals,” Khan told PTI.
“It is a fact that hospitals in India are not very co-operative for conducting such tests inside hospital wards and operation theaters but if such studies become a part of a national project then we will have a true picture of the dimensions of this problem,” he added.
Khan had recently succeeded in isolating the mutant strain for the first time in India, after studying sewage water samples of a hospital.
The original bacteria from which the above strain is derived was identified as NDM-1 and was first detected in 2009.
After recording the presence of “super bug”, a team of officials from the state health department visited Khan’s lab at the Jawaharlal Nehru Medical college, AMU to discuss the fallout of his recent findings.
Khan said that he along with his team of researchers were fully prepared to cooperate in any nationwide project to isolate this bacteria in different hospitals.
“The first step which the Union Health Ministry should take is to introduce a move for mandatory hospital infection management systems in the country. Once such a step is introduced our hospitals will be as safe as any hospital in west.”
He also called for a national policy on the over-the-counter sales of antibiotics.
“This step should be preceded by a national antibiotic prescription policy wherein no antibiotic can be sold over the counter without a doctors prescription,” Khan said.
He said that indiscriminate overuse of antibiotics for years has led to the birth of the original antibiotic resistant strain in 2009 known as NDM-1.
In Europe, hospitals are collecting hundreds of samples for identifying these bacteria but in India there are just sporadic efforts to identify these bugs.

Ready to take steps if price goal in doubt  Bank of Japan chief tells Shinzo AbeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

My comex all tgt hit 1240 if anyone holding 1 or more lot still can ts...New Member
1 Followers
my comex all tgt hit 1240 if anyone holding 1 or more lot still can tsl at 1250 for tgt till evening else book full and close
about 1 hr 16 min 24 sec ago  | Track

FIR against Adityanath for defying ban on poll meetingUpdated: September 11, 2014 10:42 IST
FIR against Adityanath for defying ban on poll meeting
PTI
The Hindu File photo of BJP MP Yogi Adityanath.
TOPICS
political parties
The BJP MP accused the district administration of not allowing him to address the meeting at the behest of the Uttar Pradesh government
Hours after BJP leader and party MP Yogi Adityanath defied a ban on his election meeting here, police lodged an FIR against the controversial MP and other party leaders who participated in the rally.
SSP Praveen Kumar on Thursday said that cases were lodged late on Wednesday night against the Gorakhpur MP and others who participated in the meeting yesterday.
Defying the ban, Mr. Adityanath, the BJP’s lead campaigner in UP, had addressed an election meeting in which he accused the SP government of following a communal agenda.
A district administration official said that “An FIR has been lodged against BJP candidate from Lucknow (east) seat Ashutosh Tandon Gopalji and others under various sections of the IPC at Ghazipur Police Station“.
He said the entire meeting was videographed by the administration.
“Others (whose names are lodged in the FIR) include all those who are visible in the video,” he said.
Other than Mr. Adityanath, BJP MPs Jagdambika Pal, Lallu Singh and former MP and father of Gopalji Lalji Tandon were present during the meeting.
The official said that a CD of the meeting would be sent to the Election Commission on Thursday.
“A CD is being sent to the EC by a special messenger,” he said.
Claiming that he was not allowed to hold meetings in Thakurdwara, Mainpuri and Nighasan where Assembly by-elections are being held, Mr. Adityanath had addressed one of them using his mobile phone.
Later in the state capital, he defied police which had withdrawn permission to him to address an election meeting at Indira Nagar locality by appearing on the stage.
Mr. Adityanath had accused the district administration of not allowing him to address the meeting at the behest of the Uttar Pradesh government.
“I had to hold meetings at Thakurdwara, Mainpuri and Nighasan but the district administration did not allow me to do so. The district administration had withdrawn permission on directions of the government in an illegal way,” he had alleged.
BJP spokesman Vijay Bahadur Pathak said the party would reply to the action taken by the administration legally.
“We have full faith in constitutional bodies. We did nothing wrong and Yogi went there only to meet the party workers,” he said.
He alleged that initially the administration gave permission for the meeting, but withdrew it at the last moment.
“As we have already publicised the meeting, the leaders had to reach there. Besides neither public address system was used, nor any stage was set,” he said.
The Chief Election Officer of Uttar Pradesh Umesh Sinha had sought a report from Lucknow district administration on the rally addressed by Mr. Adityanath.
The district administration has also been asked to provide a CD of the rally to ascertain whether the BJP MP had violated the Representation of People Act and the model code of conduct through his utterances.

Sensex ends below 27 000; mid-cap  small-cap indices outperformET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The Sensex and the Nifty closed on Thursday below the crucial psychological levels of 27,000 and 8,100, respectively, on the back of selling pressure witnessed by heavyweights like Sun Pharma, ONGC, TCS, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors.
The S&P BSE Sensex ended at 26,995.87, down 61 points or 0.2 per cent. In intra-day deals it touched the high of 27,150 and a low of 26,904.
The 50-share Nifty ended at 8,085.70, down 8 points or 0.1 per cent. In intra-day deals it touched the high of 8,128 and a low of 8,057.
The broader markets outperformed the benchmark indices with the BSE mid-cap index closing at 9,956, up 105 points or 1 per cent, and the small-cap index advanced 1.4 per cent or 152 points to shut shop at 11,103 levels.
Among the Sensex stocks, Sun Pharma was the top loser. The stock closed at Rs 822, down 4.4 per cent. It was followed by Coal India, ONGC, Wipro, Mahindra & Mahindra, Tata Motors and Tata Steel.
On the other hand, State Bank of India, BHEL, Hero MotoCorp and HUL were among the top gainers of the Sensex pack.
The overall market breadth was positive as 2007 stocks advanced while 1058 declined.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Aircel-Maxis deal: Dayanidhi Maran  pressurised  Sivasankaran to sell his companies  says CBIOdisha CM Naveen Patnaik announces Rs 3,000 crore Biju Pucca Ghar scheme
"The new scheme is named as Biju Pucca Ghar scheme. Our aim is to convert all the kuchha houses into...

Frank Kern s Secret to Success Is Simpler Than Expectedreddit
Success seems to elude many people, like fog when you grasp at it with your fingers. You come away empty-handed.
I sat down with the celebrity entrepreneur known as the "President of the Internet", Frank Kern. We talked about how he progressed from a "How to Train Your Parrot" ebook, to being the highest paid internet marketing consultant, and working  with Tony Robbins in very short period of time.
Early in his life, Frank Kern was like most of us. He couldn't seem to get a handle on becoming successful, earning a good living and, most importantly, loving what he did.
Sure, he worked hard - at times, harder than most. As a young salesman, he hated what he was selling and didn't enjoy the prospect of cold calling and going door-to-door to face rejection. Of course, who would?
One thing, however, that makes Frank Kern stand head and shoulders above the rest of us is that he took the time to notice when someone else was being successful - and he learned from them.
I'm not saying he immediately stopped struggling. Most importantly, and this is a common trait of successful people, he had the perseverance to doggedly keep going when all was lost. And you'll find that not everyone will do that.
To say that Frank Kern has figured out the secret to success is an understatement. He's living proof that the great Zig Ziglar was right. According to Ziglar, "You can have everything in life you want, if you will just help enough other people get what they want."
According to Kern, "There's a misconception among business people that it's about the 'thing' they're selling or it's about the marketing they're doing to sell that 'thing.'  It's never about the thing you're selling (which, of course, should be excellent). The most important thing is the market, the people that the thing is going to be sold to."
Further, he goes on to say, "There must be an existing market of people who are intensely interested in getting the result that the thing promises and that the thing must deliver. Without the focus on that first, all is lost."
He believes that all marketing should be about that customer. It should be about providing the solution to a problem or need they have. In other words, it should be about helping those people.
One of the downfalls many business people have is that they have a great idea they're passionate about. The problem becomes when they fail to determine if others feel the same way about their idea. If there is no demand for your product or service, you're going to have a very difficult uphill battle which is likely going to end in defeat.
The guiding focus that has made Kern successful in recent years is his deep-seated belief that the amount of income you're going to generate in any market is directly proportional to the amount of goodwill that you have in that marketplace.
Kern further believes that you create goodwill by providing value to others from the very beginning of your relationship with them. In other words, he provides results in advance.
He has found that when you provide value to others without the expectation of anything in return - when you provide results first - eventually, others will be happy to provide value back to you in terms of income. You find a market, create an appetite for what you offer and they will buy it.
He shares, "Metaphorically, if you have someone who's hungry and you give them a little bit of food, you've only whetted their appetite and they're going to be hungrier.  So the methodology I like to use is pull, instead of push. You make your marketing itself valuable to the end user and when you do that, they come to you. You don't have to chase them. You don't have to use the hype. You don't have to bash them over the head or any of that. Just demonstrate you can help them by actually helping them. It's a novel concept."
Kern has a lot of fun engaging with others and helping them as much as he can. From the stage, with video and the written word, he has a history of regaling others with entertaining stories and a fun approach to doing business.
As a result, he has built a loyal audience of raving fans who listen to him with rapt attention, end up buying the programs he creates and ravenously beg for more.
Help others and become successful? Yes, it truly is as simple as that.
Follow Brian Horn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brianhorn
More:

Patent union chief: Telework-abuse allegations are unfoundedBy Lisa Rein September 11 at 6:00 AM Follow @Reinlwapo
(Courtesy: US Patent and Trademark Office)
The president of the union representing federal patent examiners this week called the findings of an internal review that showed some employees repeatedly lied about their hours “unfounded allegations” that are “ridiculous on their face.”
In a morale-boosting e-mail to more than 8,000 examiners and other professional staff at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, Robert Budens said the union is working to “set the record straight” on telework abuse the review uncovered.
“Any organization as big as the USPTO (12,000+ employees), whether in the public or private sector, will have a small number of employees who run into difficulties of one sort or another,” Budens, president of the Patent Office Professional Association, wrote Monday in a lengthy missive to his members.
“Instead, what we have are [thousands] of employees who are highly-educated, dedicated professionals who have helped this agency turn the tide on our backlog of both unexamined patent applications…We have managed to accomplish all these goals while taking the USPTO out of the morale basement and to the top of the Best Places to Work in the Federal Government.”
His message comes as top Commerce Department officials prepare to defend the patent office’s telework program on Friday to the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, which has opened an investigation following a Washington Post report.
Commerce officials, who oversee the patent and trademark office, are scheduled to meet with committee staff Friday. The Post reported in August that a review team responding to whistleblower complaints sent from the agency’s watchdog of widespread time and attendance fraud found that some examiners lied about their hours, then received bonuses for work they didn’t do.
The review also revealed that patent office managers have scant oversight over thousands of relatively autonomous examiners who work from home, either full-time or a few days a week.
It showed that few staffers who lied about the hours they were putting in were disciplined. Top patent officials, however, removed the most damaging revelations from the internal report and provided a watered-down version last year to Inspector General Todd Zinser.
Commerce officials, who issued a stern warning to employees that “erroneous time-keeping” is illegal, have opened their own review of the alleged abuses and the effort to hide the most damaging revelations the review team found, sources familiar with the review said.
In a statement, patent officials called the original 32-page report a “rough draft for discussion purposes” that was an “initial attempt to describe the full investigation record.”
They said many of the conclusions were “unsupported by the facts and record of the investigation” and asked the General Counsel’s office to rewrite the report.
Budens told his members that he has been in “almost daily conversations” with senior managers at the patent office since the Post story ran.
His rebuttal aligns closely with a strategy managers plan to use before congressional investigators on Friday, sources familiar with the strategy said.
They plan to defend allegations of poor conduct with performance data showing that patent examiners are given specific times to review an application and that their time is tracked to six-minute intervals.
” There is no way for [thousands] of employees to not be working without getting on the agency’s radar screen and targeted by its disciplinary “guns” – supervisors and employee relations specialists,” Budens wrote.
The union has enjoyed an unusually close relationship with patent managers under the Obama administration. In both reports, supervisors complained that work rules negotiated with the union in recent years prevented them from adequately overseeing the work and conduct of their employees.
Budens defended managers’ decision to alter the original report. He noted that the six-member review team included four human resources officials who are “biased” against examiners. “They’re not trained to do a lot of statistical analyses,” Budens said. “They were putting in the information they wanted to that would strengthen their own positions…They want more power and influence and ability to control employees.”
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410429649/1410429649000/1410429649 tracking: {authors=Lisa Rein, blog_name=federal-eye, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=patent-union-chief-denies-telework-abuse-says-employees-have-strict-performance-standards, post_id=22946, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 10:00:49 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 10:00:49 AM

Sun Pharma slips 6% on USFDA inspection at Halol plant; unit contributes 40% of US salesSun Pharma falls 6% as USFDA inspects Halol unit; facility contributes 40% of US sales
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 11 Sep, 2014, 01.44PM IST
MUMBAI: Shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals were under selling pressure following reports of a surprise inspection by USFDA officials at its Halol unit.
According to reports, the surprise inspection could be due to increased number of recalls from the plant.
Sun Pharma recently recalled 40,000 bottles of Venlafaxine Hydrochloride extended-release tablets, Gemcitabine and Metformin. All these products are manufactured at its Halol facility.
The facility is important for the company as its contributes to around 40 per cent of US sales and around 25 per cent of consolidated profit of the company.
"Going forward, after the merger with Ranbaxy Labs, its dependence on the region would reduce to around 45 per cent of the expected sales in FY2016. Thus the share of the plant in the overall sales would reduce going forward (expected to be around 10% of sales in FY2016), while profitability could be impacted, given low profitability of Ranbaxy," said Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP Research - Pharma, Angel Broking.
"In case of any adverse impact the company could witness a dip of around 15 per cent from these levels. As of now we maintain a neutral view," Nangra added.
At 01:20 p.m.; the stock was at Rs 822.50, down 4.32 per cent, on the BSE . It fell 6 per cent intraday to touch a low of Rs 808.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

European Shares Gain as Scotland Poll Eases NervesYou are here: Home Market
European Shares Gain as Scotland Poll Eases Nerves
Reuters | Updated On: September 11, 2014 14:50 (IST)
Sensex Falls Below 27,000; Down 100 Points
London:
European shares edged up and sterling rose from multi-month lows on Thursday after a poll showing most Scots intend to vote against independence next week took the edge off concerns over the United Kingdom's future.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index rose 0.2 per cent.
Sterling was steady at $1.6220, having recovered on Wednesday from $1.6051, its lowest since November 15, after the survey was released. The euro eased 0.1 per cent to 79.605 pence, well below a three-month high of 80.66 pence struck on Wednesday.
The poll on behalf of the Daily Record newspaper showed 47 per cent intending to vote "Yes" to independence and 53 per cent against. Other recent surveys had put the rival campaigns neck-and-neck.
Brian Hennessey, portfolio manager of the Alpine Dynamic Dividend Fund, said that while the Scotland vote was creating some near-term uncertainty, the broader global economic backdrop remained reassuring for markets.
"The macroeconomic backdrop is favorable, with the labour market improving steadily in places like the US, Germany and the UK," said Hennessey.
Efforts by major central banks to prop up the global economy would also continue to support equities.
"We think the strong performance of US. equities in a period marked by significant quantitative easing provides a good template for European equities," said Hennessey.
Stock markets further afield also edged up on Thursday, with the MSCI World Index, which tracks stocks from developed economies, gaining 0.1 per cent.
China Stimulus?
US stocks ended higher overnight, which helped underpin Asian stock markets. Japan's Nikkei stock average added 0.8 per cent to close at an eight-month high.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index and the Shanghai Composite Index both edged up after inflation data from China raised the possibility of more monetary easing.
Chinese consumer prices cooled more than expected in August, up 2.0 per cent from a year earlier, missing market expectations for 2.2 per cent and down from 2.3 per cent in July. The data provides more evidence of economic slowdown and some economists said Beijing might announce fresh stimulus measures.
The Chinese inflation data pushed London copper prices to their lowest level in almost three months, while gold also traded near a three-month low.
"The comfortable inflation figure will provide sufficient room for the central bank to loosen its monetary policy. The possibility of an interest rate cut cannot be ruled out in coming months," said Li Huiyong, economist at Shenyin & Wanguo Securities in Shanghai.
Brent crude dropped below $98 a barrel on Thursday, falling for the sixth straight session, as worries about ample supply and weak demand, which have dragged prices to 17-month lows, outweighed political upheavals in the Middle East.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Dunkin  Donuts launches first outlet in South IndiaSep 11, 2014, 03.34 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Dunkin' Donuts launches first outlet in South India
Commenting on launch, Jubilant FoodWorks Ltd CEO Ajay Kaul said "After making an excellent connect with the young adult consumers in Delhi and Mumbai, we are excited to start our south journey with our Bengaluru launch."
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dunkin' Donuts launches first outlet in South India
Commenting on launch, Jubilant FoodWorks Ltd CEO Ajay Kaul said "After making an excellent connect with the young adult consumers in Delhi and Mumbai, we are excited to start our south journey with our Bengaluru launch."
Post your opinion here
 
Jubilant FoodWorks , master franchise for Dunkin' Donuts today said it has entered South India's market with its launch of an outlet in Bengaluru. The company, in a statement said, Dunkin' Donuts outlet was launched in Bengaluru's Brigade Road.
Commenting on launch, Jubilant FoodWorks Ltd CEO Ajay Kaul said "After making an excellent connect with the young adult consumers in Delhi and Mumbai, we are excited to start our south journey with our Bengaluru launch."
"We plan to steadily expand through the year across North, West and South India. With the evolution of the young adult Indian consumer, we feel very confident that Dunkin' Donuts will resonate very strongly with its unique positioning in the Indian food service industry," he added.
With this launch, Dunkin' Donuts has 36 outlets in the country.
Jubilant Food stock price
On September 11, 2014, Jubilant Foodworks closed at Rs 1339.95, up Rs 20.60, or 1.56 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1389.95 and the 52-week low was Rs 938.60.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 18.25 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 73.42. The latest book value of the company is Rs 86.05 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 15.57.
RELATED NEWS

Brent Holds Above $98 On Mideast ConcernsYou are here: Home Commodities
Brent Holds Above $98 On Mideast Concerns
Reuters | Updated On: September 11, 2014 11:56 (IST)
Gold Rebounds on Low-level Buying, Global Cues
Singapore: Brent crude nudged higher to stay above $98 a barrel on Thursday amid geopolitical concerns in the Middle East, although worries about ample supply and weak demand that dragged prices to 17-month lows in the previous session kept a lid on gains.
An escalation in the United States' campaign against Islamic State militants with plans for air strikes for the first time in Syria and more attacks in Iraq have raised fears of reprisals, said Tony Nunan, oil risk manager at Japan's Mitsubishi Corp.
"People are worried about unexpected consequences of an escalation with the potential of a greater reaction from jihadists," Nunan said. "The geopolitical risk is not out of the woods. The potential situation does not look any better."
US President Barack Obama told the American public on Wednesday that he had authorised air strikes in Syria, while boosting the number of U.S. advisers in Iraq and launching a U.S. training effort for Syrian rebels.
Brent crude for October delivery was trading up 2 cents at $98.06 a barrel by 0354 GMT, after closing down $1.12 in the previous session. It hit an intraday low of $97.60 on Wednesday, its weakest since April 18, 2013.
U.S. crude rose 12 cents to $91.79 after falling to $91.22 in the previous day, the lowest since May 2, 2013.
But oil prices on both sides of the Atlantic are down about 2 per cent to 3 per cent this week, dragged down by high global supplies at a time when demand is weak.
The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries has cut its forecasts for demand for OPEC crude this year and next, pointing to a surplus of more than 1 million barrels per day in 2015 if OPEC keeps output at current levels.
OVERSUPPLY STORY
"OPEC cutting back demand is telling a story of oversupply, oversupply, oversupply and the economics of demand is not enough to raise prices," said Jonathan Barratt, chief investment officer of Sydney investment advisor Ayers Alliance.
Underlining the surplus, data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration on Wednesday showed an increase in some U.S. oil product inventories.
Stocks of gasoline and distillates jumped by 2.4 million and 4.1 million barrels respectively in the week to September 5, compared with analysts' expectations of a 157,000-barrel drop for gasoline and a 571,000-barrel increase for distillates, EIA data showed.
US crude oil stocks fell by 972,000 barrels last week, smaller than analysts' projections for a drop of 1.1 million barrels.
"We'll see $85 a barrel sooner rather than later - in the next one or two months," Barratt said, referring to U.S. oil.
Libya could amplify the oversupply concerns after Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thinni said oil production is expected to rise to 1 million barrels per day in October.
Investors are also keeping an eye on possible further sanctions against Russia over the crisis in Ukraine.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Northern Trust biggest stocks bet since 2008 unmoved by FedNorthern Trust biggest stocks bet since 2008 unmoved by Fed
Northern Trust
Scott Olson / Getty Images
Pedestrians walk by the Northern Trust banking company's headquarters in downtown Chicago.
Pedestrians walk by the Northern Trust banking company's headquarters in downtown Chicago. (Scott Olson / Getty Images)
By Adam Haigh, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
Northern Trust's stock and high-yield bond positions outweigh the benchmarks it tracks by 12 percentage points
SYDNEY — Northern Trust Corp. has $924 billion of faith in Janet Yellen.
The Chicago-based fund manager is sticking with its biggest bet on stocks since 2008 even as Federal Reserve interest-rate increases draw closer. Northern Trust's stock and high-yield bond positions outweigh the benchmarks it tracks by 12 percentage points, while government and investment grade-debt investments trail by 10 points, according to Chief Investment Officer Bob Browne. The extra investment in shares was the most in six years, he said.
"There is no desire whatsoever to cut back" on Northern Trust's bullish equities stance, Browne said in an interview in Sydney Tuesday. "The Fed is not going to risk surprising the market — they've made that clear."
Browne's firm is betting on Yellen's ability to deftly navigate a withdrawal from unprecedented stimulus that's added almost $16 trillion of value to U.S. equities and revived the world's biggest economy. Investors expect a slower pace of rate increases than the central bank's own forecasts, with traders anticipating the U.S. benchmark rate will rise to 0.77 percent by the end of next year. That compares with the median estimate of 1.13 percent from Fed officials.
0
Northern Trust is holding close to the most equities allowed by its risk limits, Browne said. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index climbed 7.6 percent this year, closing at a record on Sept. 5, while the MSCI World Index advanced 4.3 percent through Tuesday.
The investment firm oversaw $924 billion as of June 30, up from $575.5 billion in 2008. Its own shares gained 10 percent this year on the Nasdaq.
Yellen and her fellow policymakers, who meet next week, are watching labor market conditions to determine when to raise the benchmark interest rate for the first time since 2006. Growth in payrolls last month was the slowest this year, a Sept. 5 report showed, driving the S&P 500 to an all-time high as the data fueled bets borrowing costs will remain low for longer.
Low volatility across financial markets may signal investors are underestimating how quickly the central bank will tighten policy, according to a Sept. 8 report by researchers at the San Francisco Fed.
"The markets may initially overreact," when the Fed makes its first interest-rate increase, said Browne. "That initial reaction could be very short-lived. We're not going to sell billions of dollars of assets in month one and buy them back in month three. I don't think any selloff will be so dramatic in three months that it is worth trying to get that right."
The S&P 500 hasn't posted a four-day streak of losses this year and the last time it had a 10 percent correction was three years ago.
Bonds have also rallied, with a gauge of Treasuries returning 3.7 percent since Dec. 31, data compiled by Bloomberg show. U.S. government debt earned $1 trillion for investors since the end of 2008 even as skeptics from Stanford University's John Taylor to billionaire hedge fund manager Paul Singer and House Speaker John Boehner denounced the Fed's loose monetary policy.
"Cash will be the worst-performing asset class," said Northern Trust's Browne. "To quote the great Peter Lynch, 'more money has been lost waiting for the correction than the correction itself.' This has been a great example of that."
Lynch ran the Magellan Fund at Fidelity Investments for 13 years through 1990, returning an average of 29 percent annually.
Northern Trust has overweight positions in U.S., European and Japanese stocks, meaning they hold more of these shares than are represented in the benchmark indexes they track, according to Browne. The firm is two percentage points underweight in cash and "slightly" underweight emerging-market debt.
Return-on-equity at Topix index companies rose to 8.2 percent as of June, after languishing at half the global average for the decade through 2013, amid efforts by Japan's government to shame corporate executives into boosting profits rather than hoarding cash. The stock gauge trades at 1.3 times the net assets of its companies, compared with 2.7 for the S&P 500, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
"Japanese companies are run much better today," said Browne, who lived in the island nation for six years. "They are more efficient, better producers of return on capital. From a valuation perspective alone, that makes them an appealing case."
The Fed's moves toward tighter monetary policy contrasts with the Bank of Japan and the European Central Bank, which have committed to more stimulus if needed to bolster their economies. The ECB's step last week to lower key interest rates and add an asset-buying plan saw Goldman Sachs change its mind about the global equity market's short-term prospects, raising its three-month rating on stocks to overweight.
"Easy money will continue to be a tailwind for the financial markets for some period of time," said Browne.

Rating agencies likely to upgrade outlook for India: BofA-MLRating agencies likely to upgrade outlook for India: BofA-ML
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 11:  
Global brokerage Bank of America Merrill Lynch today said the “worst is over” for India and rating agencies are likely to upgrade their outlook for the country sooner rather than later.
“With Moody’s downgrading their Brazil outlook last night, key emerging market peers are seeing downgrades,” BofA-ML said in a research note, but added that “we expect rating agencies to upgrade their outlook for India“.
The global financial services major further noted that “we thought the S&P downgrade of the BBB— outlook to negative from stable in April 2012 unwarranted.”
BBB— is the lowest investment grade and a downgrade would mean pushing the country’s sovereign rating to junk status, making overseas borrowings by corporates costlier.
The report noted that there are three “compelling” reasons for an upgrade in outlook — growth is bottoming; inflationary pressures are softening and risks from twin deficits have proven to be overdone.
In addition, it said, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan is recouping forex reserves to stabilise rupee in Rs 58-62/USD.
The report also said that India’s “potential” growth rate is about 7.5 per cent and it is likely to emerge as the second-largest emerging market after China by 2019.
“We grow more confident of our call that the slowdown in growth has been largely driven by the global downcycle rather than domestic structural issues,” it said, adding that growth should rebound to 7.5 per cent by 2018, especially if the Modi government steps up infrastructure investment“.
BofA ML outlined four cyclical factors like — US recovery, stabilisation of Brent crude to around USD 100/bbl, the rupee at around Rs 60/USD and revival in government’s reform activity — that would drive growth back to 7.5 per cent by FY’18.
On inflation, it said that is largely “imported” rather than homegrown. “We expect CPI inflation to come off to 6 per cent in 2016 in line with the RBI’s forecast.”
On RBI rates, the report said: “We believe that the RBI can cut rates even if the Fed hikes from September 2015, with Governor Rajan recouping FX reserves. We see it cutting policy rates by 75—100 bps starting in February, even if Fed Chair Janet Yellen hikes from September 2015.”
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Tweet carefully! New algorithms predict your behaviour from your tweetsOdisha CM Naveen Patnaik announces Rs 3,000 crore Biju Pucca Ghar scheme
"The new scheme is named as Biju Pucca Ghar scheme. Our aim is to convert all the kuchha houses into...

ICICI Bank launches cardless cash withdrawal servicesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Any reason to go mawana at 824.i am obliged if u inform me because i t...Silver Member
10 Followers
any reason to go mawana at 824.i am obliged if u inform me because i trap in mawana at very high level from last 10 years.
In reply to : Guest message
about 1 hr 16 min 48 sec ago

BSE Sensex up 87 pts in early trade on govt s disinvestment moveShares in ONGC provisionally fall 3.56 percent to Rs 429.55. (Reuters)
Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: September 11, 2014 10:24 am | Updated: September 11, 2014 4:26 pm
BSE Sensex fell for a third consecutive session on Thursday to hit its lowest level in two weeks as three state-run companies, including Oil & Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) , slumped after the government announced it would pare its stakes in them.
The benchmark BSE index closed 0.23 percent lower at 26,995.87 points, while the broader NSE index fell 0.1 percent to 8,085.70.

Restaurants in BangaloreSubscribe to our burrptastic newsletter
You are now subscribed to our newsletter - thank you!
FOLLOW US ON

After five-day hiatus to fix mechanics  Rafael Soriano returnsComments
Rafael Soriano’s eighth inning Wednesday was not exactly smooth. (Alex Brandon/Associated Press)
The next, likely final phase of Rafael Soriano’s career with the Nationals began Wednesday afternoon. Stripped of his closer job and focused on altered mechanics after a five-day hiatus, Soriano returned to the mound and pitched a scoreless eighth inning with the Nationals trailing by five runs, the “soft landing” Manager Matt Williams had sought for him.
Soriano struck out one, allowed two hits, both line drives, and escaped only when Freddie Freeman scorched a lineout to third base. But Soriano felt improvement, especially with his slider, the pitch he worked on during his bullpen session Monday.
“I feel better,” Soriano said. “I think there was something I found out the last time that I pitched here. I think everything came back the same.”
Soriano threw nine strikes in 15 pitches. He induced two swing-and-misses on five sliders, one from Freeman and one from second baseman Phil Gosselin, whom he eventually struck out. The pitch had “better down angle” and “more depth,” Williams said. Soriano focused on the mechanical adjustment he made during Monday’s side work.
“I tried to stay a little bit back and have good balance,” Soriano said. “My power is in the back. That’s what I do today. I tried to be on top of the ball and better with rotation.”
Soriano’s outing started with a pop up to left by B.J. Upton. He fell behind, 2-0, to pinch hitter Ryan Doutmit on an inside fastball. After Jason Heyward crushed a single to right, a handful of fans hurled boos. But Soriano struck out Gosselin, throwing him two hard-breaking sliders, and got Freeman on the lineout.
Despite the hard contact, Soriano gained confidence from the outing.
“It’s not my back. It’s not that my arm is sore or is tired,” Soriano said. “It’s the mechanics. It’s something that I’m doing with my slider. My fastball this year is more strong than I was last year. I think everything will be more normal now.”
For Soriano, it’s hard to say what will be normal now. He signed a two-year, $28 million contract prior to 2013 to serve as the Nationals closer. He nearly made the all-star team this season and has saved 74 games over the past two seasons.
Soriano blew a three-run save Friday night against the Phillies when he allowed home runs to Carlos Ruiz and light-hitting Ben Revere. At that point, Soriano had blown five saves and posted a 6.98 ERA since the all-star break.
Williams gave Soriano a two-day break and then had him throw a bullpen session. In the meantime, Drew Storen saved three consecutive games, retiring all nine hitters he faced and striking out six.
“I feel fine,” Soriano said. “I talked to Matt. He told me he’s going to give me a couple days, and he said Drew is going to be the closer. I’m happy because we win and he did his job. I’m happy for that.”
Soriano came to Washington with a reputation as a mercurial teammate, but the Nationals have not found that to be the case. Nationals decision-makers view Soriano as a professional who accept a set-up relief role down the stretch and in the postseason.
Asked if he would be comfortable as a set-up reliever, Soriano did not want to speculate. “I don’t know,” Soriano said. “I’ll figure it out. I haven’t talked to anybody to see how I’m going to be in the bullpen. I’ll wait and see.”
Williams had wanted to re-introduce Soriano in a low-stress setting. For his next appearance, Soriano could pitch in a more meaningful situation.
“We’ll see how the games play out, who’s available, who isn’t,” Williams said. “We’ll continue to do what we’ve been doing, see how it goes.”
>>> Shortstop Ian Desmond missed Wednesday’s loss to the Braves to rest his tight lower back and third baseman Anthony Rendon sat out with an illness. Williams expects Desmond will return Thursday in New York, but Rendon may miss another day.
“We’ll have to take a look at Anthony,” Williams said. “He really didn’t feel well today. We’ll see how he is, certainly after the train ride and when he gets to the ballpark tomorrow. Today, he was pretty bad. He slept most of the game. They gave him some medicine and he drank a lot of fluids.”

World food prices at near 4-year low in Augu...World food prices at near four-year low in August:FAO
By Reuters | 11 Sep, 2014, 03.12PM IST
0
Share More
The FAO price index, which measures monthly price changes for a basket of cereals, oilseeds, dairy, meat and sugar, averaged 196.6 points in August.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
ROME: World food prices in August hit their lowest since September 2010 as prices of all major food groups except meat fell led by a sharp decline in dairy prices, the UN's food agency said on Thursday.
The Food and Agriculture Organisation's (FAO) price index, which measures monthly price changes for a basket of cereals, oilseeds, dairy, meat and sugar, averaged 196.6 points in August, down 3.6 percent from July.
A Russian ban on dairy imports from countries which have imposed sanctions on Moscow over the conflict in Ukraine pulled down dairy prices which were already falling, FAO said.
The dairy index fell 11.2 percent month on month and 18.9 percent year on year, while the overall price index slid 3.9 percent below August 2013.
FAO raised its forecast for global cereal production for 2014 to 2.512 billion tonnes, 14 million tonnes higher than its previous forecast. That put 2014 output on track to be just 0.5 percent short of last year's record harvest.
The agency also hiked its world wheat output forecast to 716.5 million tonnes, close to 2013's record level, from a previous estimate of 707.2 million due to larger-than-expected crops in China, Russia, Ukraine and the United States.
World cereals stocks at the end of the 2015 season are set to be 616 million tonnes, 12 million tonnes above the previous forecast.
Meat prices bucked the trend to rise 1.2 percent on the month as demand in China supported imports and herd rebuilding in Australia reduced exportable supplies of beef.

Yes  you are paying a lot more for your employer health plan than you used toBy Jason Millman September 10 at 10:01 AM Follow @jasonmillman
It's not your imagination. If you have employer health insurance, you're probably paying more and more out of your own pocket.
High-deductible plans have been under the microscope during the past year, given their prevalence among new individual coverage plans offered under the Affordable Care Act. But it's also a trend that's also playing out under employer-sponsored health plans covering about 150 million people, as illustrated by the annual survey on employee health benefits from the Kaiser Family Foundation and the Health Research and Educational Trust.
First, the headline findings from the new survey of about 2,000 firms. The average cost of an employer-sponsored family health plan reached $16,384 this year, up 3 percent from the previous year, with employees paying $4,823 toward that. The increase tracks pretty closely with the growth of wages and inflation over the past year, and it continues a few years of relatively modest premium increases. The number of firms offering coverage was down slightly, from 57 percent in 2013 to 55 percent this year, though a vast majority of companies with 50 or more employees offer coverage (92 percent).
While premiums in employer plans have grown 26 percent in the past five years, that's been outpaced over the same time by the 47 percent rise in the average deductible — the amount of care a worker has to pay for before insurance kicks in.
In 2014, 80 percent of people covered by employee plans faced an average annual deductible of $1,217, compared to $826 in 2009. About 41 percent of all companies have an average deductible of at least $1,000, which is a big jump from 10 percent of firms in 2006. And 18 percent of firms have average deductibles of at least $2,000, which is up from just 3 percent in 2006.
Larger firms tend to have more generous coverage, and you can see this in the way deductibles are structured depending on a company's size. The average 2014 deductible is $971 for workers in firms with 200 or more employees, compared to $1,797 in smaller firms (3-199 employees). Compared to the larger firms, employees in small firms are also about twice as likely to have an average deductible of at least $1,000 (61 percent versus 32 percent), and they're three times as likely to have a deductible of at least $2,000.
But at the same time, more employers are limiting how much workers have to actually pay toward their own care. Just 7 percent of workers enrolled in individual employer plans in 2014 had an out-of-pocket maximum exceeding $6,350, which is the new limit for health plans under the Affordable Care Act this year.
High-deductible plans are attractive to employers because they get to bear less of the insurance cost. Many economists also like the plans, because they're supposed to make people spend more wisely on their health care.
The big question is whether employees are prepared to handle potentially big medical bills before they hit their deductible. As the The Upshot noted last week, people in employer insurance recently said they're pretty happy with the services their health plans cover, but they're much less satisfied with what they're paying out of their own pockets.
When federal actuaries released their report on national health spending last week, they said growing deductibles helped keep spending growth at historically low levels for the fifth straight year. And they said with some certainty that high-deductible health plans aren't going anywhere.
 
Jason Millman covers all things health policy, with a focus on Obamacare implementation. He previously covered health policy for Politico.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410357674/1410357674000/1410357674 tracking: {authors=Jason Millman, blog_name=wonkblog, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=yes-you-are-paying-a-lot-more-for-your-employer-health-plan-than-you-used-to, post_id=100635, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 2:01:14 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 2:01:14 PM

NASA  ISRO may set up Joint Mars Working GroupNASA, Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) in talks to set up Joint Mars Working Group
By PTI | 11 Sep, 2014, 01.54PM IST
0
Share More
Both the missions of NASA & ISRO will arrive at Mars just in time to join the fleet of Mars-based spacecraft that could witness the effects of comet Siding Spring. 
Image source: EPA
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
WASHINGTON: America's premier space agency NASA and its Indian counterpart ISRO are talking about setting up a Joint Mars Working Group , a top US space official has said ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the US.
"NASA is in discussions with the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) regarding potential scientific collaboration with their Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM), due to enter Mars orbit about two days after MAVEN (Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN) orbiter, which will arrive at Mars later this month," said James Green Director, Planetary Science Division, Science Mission Directorate, NASA.
Testifying before the House of Representatives Subcommittee on Space Committee on Science, Space and Technology, he said while primarily a technology-demonstration mission, MOM includes five science instruments to study the martian atmosphere, mineralogy and surface features.
"With multiple data sets being collected, NASA and ISRO scientists will have a wealth of information to help solve mysteries regarding the Mars atmosphere," he said.
"In addition, NASA and ISRO are talking about setting up a Joint Mars Working Group, under the auspices of the State Department's US-India Civil Space Joint Working Group, that would coordinate our two agencies' plans for studying one of the Earth's nearest neighbors," Green said.
Both the missions of NASA and ISRO will arrive at the Red Planet just in time to join the fleet of Mars-based spacecraft that could witness the effects of comet Siding Spring, Green told lawmakers.
MAVEN, he said, will explore the Mars' upper atmosphere, ionosphere and interactions with the sun and solar wind.
Scientists will use MAVEN data to determine the role that loss of volatiles from the Mars atmosphere to space has played through time, giving insight into the history of Mars' atmosphere and climate, liquid water, and planetary habitability, he added.
James F. Bell, president of The Planetary Society & Professor at Arizona State University , described NASA as the most active, most capable, and most successful of all of the world's space agencies.
When NASA doesn't prioritize planetary science, no other agencies are presently capable of filling the gap, he added.
The emergence of the Chinese and Indian space programs and the continued successes of the European and Japanese programs illustrate that robotic exploration of space is an international priority -- a way to gain scientific knowledge, global prestige and advance technological capability, he said.
"In the coming decade, China is preparing a series of robotic lunar missions, Russia is preparing lunar, Venus and Mars missions, India has plans to go to the Moon and Mars, Japan is planning a second asteroid sample-return mission, and the Europeans are headed to Mercury, Mars, the asteroids and Jupiter," Bell said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on Twitter Follow

One lakh people rescued  four lakh more to go: 50 pictures of devastation in Kashmir floodsComments
Flood waters have started receding in Jammu and Kashmir, giving rescue teams a chance to reach tens of thousands of villagers stranded after the heaviest rainfall in the state in half a century.
Over 96,000 people have been rescued so far in the state and personnel of the Indian Army, the Indian Air Force and the National Disaster Relief Force are working round-the-clock to evacuate lakhs of those who are still trapped in flood-ravaged areas.
"Over 96,000 persons have been rescued so far by the Armed forces and NDRF from different parts of Jammu and Kashmir in the ongoing rescue and relief operations in the state till today," Col SD Goswami, PRO, Army's Northern Command told PTI.
He said that 'Mission Sahayata' in Kashmir and 'Mission Rahat' in Jammu region have entered their 10th day as 84 transport aircrafts and helicopters of Air Force and Army Aviation Corps and 35,000 troops have been pressed into service.
Here are 50 images that clearly show the extent of the horrific flooding in Jammu and Kashmir:
Tourists wait to be evacuated by Indian Air Force helicopters during rescue and relief operations following flooding in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A truck is half-buried in gravel from a landslide caused by flash floods in Akhnoor, about 48 kilometers northwest of Jammu. AP Photo/Channi Anand
A mother with her child in a chopper after being airlifted from the Nehru helipad in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
An aerial view showing buildings partially submerged in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
A wounded lady is helped by Indian Air Force members after she was evacuated from a flooded area in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar.HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
A handout photo made available by Indian Air Force showing the stranded people signaling for help
People being rescued by the army and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army and local people after the flood at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
Kashmiri houses submerged by floodwaters are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A Kashmiri woman and her daughter (R) stand on the first floor of their flooded house as they wait to be rescued in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Indian army soldiers rescue a Kashmiri girl from her flooded house in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Indian army soldiers evacuate flood victims by boat to a safer place in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Migrant workers cover themselves with plastic sheets to shield from the rain, as they camp on a highway after the area they were living in was inundated by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
A temple is partially submerged in floodwaters in Jammu. AP Photo/Channi Anand
Flood-affected people rescued from various parts of Jammu and Kashmir being flown to Chandigarh by a C-17 Globemaster III. PTI Photo
Flood-affected people rescued from various parts of Jammu and Kashmir wade through the water to reach a safer location. PTI Photo
Kashmiri men gather along a flooded street in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Houses are partially submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri residents rescue a flood victim in Srinagar. (AP Photo/Altaf Qadri)
A truck evacuating Kashmiri flood victims to higher ground travels through a flooded street in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Vehicles are submerged in floodwaters during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/ Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri people hold a man as he falls from a tractor evacuating flood victims to higher grounds, as they move through a flooded street in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
An aerial view shows the flooded Srinagar city. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
An aerial view shows buildings submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Policemen stand guard as migrant workers gather outside the airport to leave the flooded Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Flood-affected Kashmiris shout out for help from the roof of a house in Srinagar. PTI Photo
Kashmiris hang on to a tree to prevent being swept away by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
A Kashmiri man crosses over flood waters with the use of a rope in Srinagar. AFP Photo/ Punit Paranjpe
A stranded Kashmiri man is rescued by an Indian Air Force helicopter from a submerged house during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
A Kashmiri man struggles as he tries to cross floodwaters with the help of a rope during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri people are rescued with an excavator during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
An aerial view taken from an Indian Air Force's helicopter shows the remains of a bridge after it was swept away by floodwaters from the river Tawi on the outskirts of Jammu. Reuters/Mukesh Gupta
Armed forces personnel offload relief material from an aircraft to distribute to flood affected people, at the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Flood affected people prepare to leave from the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Flood affected people prepare to leave from the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
People move through a flooded area of Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Kashmiri houseboats and houses submerged by floodwater are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Dal Lake in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
Soldiers carry a seriously ill tourist towards a waiting Indian Air Force helicopter after he was rescued from a flooded neighborhood in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Kashmiri houseboats and houses submerged by floodwater are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Dal Lake in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A tourist is airlifted from the roof of a five-story hotel, four of which are submerged in floodwaters, in Srinagar. PTI Photo
People walk on a flooded road in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Flood-affected people stranded on the roof of a five-story hotel rush to be airlifted in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasi
People and cars stand on dry patches of land, surrounded by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Flood-affected people row boats past partially submerged buildings in floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
An aerial view shows buildings partially submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar on Tuesday. PTI Photo
A Kashmiri family is transported by boat through the floodwaters of Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe

Automobile sales hit the fast lane in AugustBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
Automobile sales hit the fast lane in August
Sales of medium and heavy commercial vehicles rise after two years of decline
Sales of medium and heavy commercial vehicles (M&HCVs) have picked up after almost two years of decline. And, demand for passenger vehicles (PVs) in the domestic market rose for a fourth continuous month, by a strong 12.5 per cent, to 213,915 units in August.
Vishnu Mathur, director general, Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (Siam), said, “The industry is seeing a gradual increase and even the cumulative numbers are seeing improvements month-on-month...We can see a slow turnaround happening.”
A process of economic recovery has set in, he said, and this was having a positive impact on overall sales. Launches of new models such as the Honda Mobilio and Hyundai Elite i20 also helped raise sales during the month. In August, sales of passenger cars went up by 15.2 per cent to 153,758 units.
Though total CV sales were down 5.6 per cent to 48,473 units from 51,344 units in the year-ago period, Siam said signs of recovery were visible in the segment. Sugato Sen, its deputy director-general, said: “MHCV sales were positive in June and July as well but the growth was in low single digits. Last month, it increased by a strong 9.6 per cent after 29 months. This has largely been driven by goods carriers and we are hopeful sales will pick up. There are signs of a very slow but steady recovery in the segment.”
In the PV segment, the sales tally was led by Maruti Suzuki, which clocked growth of 29.3 per cent to sell 98,304 units in the home market last month. Korean auto major Hyundai grew volumes by 19.2 per cent to 33,750 units in the month. Meanwhile, new launches helped boost numbers for Honda Cars India by 88 per cent to 16,758 units.
Home-grown Tata Motors and Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M), with no new vehicle launches, continued to see sluggish demand. While Tata Motors’ sales fell 25.5 per cent to 13,397 units, M&M’s was down 15.5 per cent to 15,321 units.
In the two-wheeler segment, total sales in August grew 19.2 per cent to 1,345,506 units from 1,128,631 units in the year-ago period. Sales of scooters went up 30.4 per cent to 369,323 units and of motorcycles by 14.5 per cent to 910,312 units from 795,411 units in the same month last year. Total sales across categories grew 17.5 per cent to 1,660,437 units in August as against 1,412,602 units in the year-ago period.
 Advertisements

TVS Motor aims at over 30% growth in sales volume this yearHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
TVS Motor aims at over 30% growth in sales volume this year
V Rishi Kumar
J S Srinivasan , Vice-President, Sales, TVS Motor Company, unveiling the TVS Scooty Zest 110 in Hyderabad on Thursday . Photo: P V Sivakumar
Hyderabad, Sept 11:  
Backed by a robust growth in the country’s two-wheeler market and new launches, TVS Motor Company expects a growth of over 30 per cent in the overall sales volume during 2014-15 over previous year.
With several launches so far during the year and at least two more models in pipeline later this fiscal, the two-wheeler major expects a strong volume growth taking its market share in the scooter segment to 18 per cent from 15 per cent.
Launching TVS Scooty Zest 110 here today, J S Srinivasan, Vice-President, Sales, TVS Motor Company, said: “TVS is currently clocking sales volume of about 60,000 scooters per month accounting for about 15 per cent market share. With the launch of the new scooter, we expect the volumes to go up to 75,000 per month, taking the market share to 18 per cent of the country’s 3.5 lakh per month scooter market.”
“The company scooter range has been positioned to address different segments, such as Jupiter for male personal, TVS Wego as a sleek two-wheeler for husaband/wife and the Scooty for young women. Such positioning has helped gain volumes as we offer a bigger range now,” he said.
Referring to the new launches in the pipeline, he said that the company Chairman had announced plans to roll out two more motorcycles during the year. These include a commuter segment bike and another in the performance category, both aimed at widening the range and tapping new buyers.
TVS Motor sold about 17.5 lakh two-wheelers in the domestic market last year and expects this number to head past the 22 lakh mark supported by good volume growth in both motorcycles and scooters.
The country’s two-wheeler market registered a growth of about 12.5 per cent last year. It is likely to grow by about 14 per cent this fiscal, he said.
Within the TVS domestic market sales, scooters and mopeds currently account for about 60,000 units per month, and motorcycles 56,000 units.
The Scooty Zest is priced at Rs 44,800 ex-showroom here.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

U.S. stock futures in narrow rangeStock futures in tight range
By: Kim Hjelmgaard September 11, 2014 2:40 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
(Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images)
U.S. stock futures were trading in a narrow range Thursday.
Dow and Nasdaq futures dipped while S&P 500 futures were up slightly.
Japan’s Nikkei 225 index added 0.8%.
Stocks rose Wednesday as a rebounding Apple led a surge in tech stocks.
 

God knows where the series of lc`s will stop0 Follower
Bro, its sales have increased, EBITDA is increasing, Net Profit is increasing, Debt is reducing.
I am not talking about future growth, it is current ratio`s and status. I didnt invest by looking at people. i invested by seeing the underlying Health of Ybrant. The sales are almost 1500 cr, and debt is a meagre 250 cr. That is nothing. Its fair value price right now should be at least 85 Rs / Share. and if it continues to post profits and high sales, then within 5 years, we should see this share at a fairly healthy price of 200-300. So time in the market is very important.
In reply to : chetnaomehta message
about 1 hr 6 min 20 sec ago   |         |   Rated by

Tata Consultancy ServicesOur experts panel will help you to get you those   life-changing stocks, tomorrow's bluechips today.
About TCS
TCS is in the Computers - Software sector. The current market capitalisation stands at Rs 508,505.37 crore.The company has reported a consolidated sales of Rs 22,111.03 crore and a Net Profit of Rs 5,604.64 crore for the quarter ended Jun 2014.
The company management includes Cyrus Mistry - Chairman, S Ramadorai - Vice Chairman, N Chandrasekaran - Managing Director & CEO, Aman Mehta - Director, V Thyagarajan - Director, Clayton M Christensen - Director, Ron Sommer - Director, Vijay Kelkar - Director, Ishaat Hussain - Director, Phiroz Vandrevala - Director, O P Bhatt - Director.
It is listed on the BSE with a BSE Code of 532540 and the NSE with an NSE Code of TCS.
Its Registered office is at 9th Floor, Nirmal Building,,Nariman Point Mumbai,Maharashtra - 400021.
Their Registrars are TSR Darashaw Ltd.
Quick Links for Tata Consultancy Services
News

Govt does not wish to fully exit Coal India: Piyush GoyalThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Protesters arrested during large confrontation with police near FergusonBy Mark Berman September 10 at 5:57 PM Follow @markberman
A group of protesters gathering near Ferguson were met by a large police presence  Wednesday afternoon in what may be the largest confrontation between police and residents since the chaos following Michael Brown’s death consumed the region .
Lines of police and protesters form on North Hanley. #ferguson #michaelbrown pic.twitter.com/7wbuBgqin8
— joelcurrier (@joelcurrier) September 10, 2014
The protesters had intended to march across Interstate 70 and shut down the highway. These protesters  specifically called for a special prosecutor to replace St. Louis County Prosecutor Bob McCulloch, and they would continue to use “civil disobedience” as part of an ongoing campaign to try to  have McCulloch replaced, Eric Vickers, one of the organizers, told reporters .
McCulloch has said he will not step aside , despite calls from elected leaders and activists . They have pointed to his history in arguing that he cannot be impartial, because his father — a white police officer in St. Louis — was shot and killed by a black man in the line of duty. And in 2000, he oversaw an investigation into two white police officers who shot and killed two black men; when a grand jury declined to indict the officers, McCulloch said he agreed with the decision.
The precise location of the protest — outside of Ferguson itself — has a particular meaning that relates to calls for McCulloch to be replaced:
@mattdpearce It’s technically Berkeley, MO. It’s near the sight of where officers killed 2 men in 2000 and weren’t indicted by McCulloch. — TC (@tchopstl) September 10, 2014
Several protesters were arrested by police, according to reporters tweeting from the scene.
Hanley is now shutdown in both directions #Ferguson pic.twitter.com/FasczsuHvo — David Carson (@PDPJ) September 10, 2014
 
Hanley #Ferguson arrests have been made threats to arrest more if they block traffic, but police are ones blocking it pic.twitter.com/v5ac8zE4cB — David Carson (@PDPJ) September 10, 2014
 
Skirmish between police and protesters after brick thrown at County police. #Ferguson #michaelbrown pic.twitter.com/lItph4VIf4 — joelcurrier (@joelcurrier) September 10, 2014
There have also been reports of bottles being thrown at police:
Bottle thrown. Cops pursue. Crowd cheers when suspect outruns cops. Getting ugly. #Ferguson — stevegiegerich (@stevegiegerich) September 10, 2014
 
Cops have arrested several more. I’ve seen a couple water bottles thrown at stl county cops. #Ferguson — Danny Wicentowski (@D_Towski) September 10, 2014
Among the people gathering with the protesters: St. Louis County Executive Charlie A. Dooley , who has also called for a special prosecutor.   This confrontation comes after a tense Ferguson City Council meeting , the first held since Brown was shot and killed by Darren Wilson last month. Residents voiced their frustration at the city’s policies and the lack of diversity among elected leaders. The city has announced that it will create a citizen review board and alter its court procedures.
Not long after 4 p.m., the demonstration was being broken up, according to Antonio French, a St. Louis alderman who has actively documented the situation in Ferguson since Brown’s death:
After several arrests, and at least two rocks thrown, the demonstration is being dispersed by police. pic.twitter.com/Nwp8zvD0fd — Antonio French (@AntonioFrench) September 10, 2014
Meanwhile, protesters have vowed to take their message to the Ferguson Police Department. It is unclear what will happen as the day gives way to night. A severe thunderstorm watch for St. Louis County and the surrounding area warned that potentially heavy wind, rain and lightning could hit the region.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He anchors Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410386275/1410386275000/1410386275 tracking: {authors=Mark Berman, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=protesters-arrested-during-large-confrontation-with-police-near-ferguson, post_id=11361, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 9:57:55 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 9:57:55 PM

Abhishek Bachchan expresses eagerness to work in a TamilfilmPress Trust of India | Chennai | Posted: September 11, 2014 3:49 pm
Bollywood actor Abhishek Bachchan today expressed his eagerness to work in a Tamil film as he recalled his ‘old bond’ with this city.
The ‘Guru’ star, who is the owner of the Chennai franchise in Indian Super League (ISL), is also looking forward to spend some sporting days here as the glamorous soccer event unfolds.
“I would love to and I am dying to do a Tamil film,” he told reporters on the sidelines of the launch of the Omega Speedmaster Dark Side of the Moon watch here.
Bachchan, who was part of many Hindi projects of Tamil dire tors Mani Ratnam and the late Jeeva, said that he had shot several times in Chennai and had many friends here.
He mentioned his favourites Tamil icons Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan and said he has a ‘soft corner’ for another tinsel town hero, Vikram.
Vikram had donned the role of Bachchan in the Tamil version of Maniratnam-directed ‘Raavan’ and is credited as a versatile star adept at slipping with ease into any challenging role.
The actor recalled that his father Amitabh used to work in the city as part of his professional commitments in the 80s, sometimes making the family enjoy the complete summer season here.
“I have been coming here since I was a kid. Since dad worked here for many of his films, we have spent many summers here. (I have an) old bond with Chennai,” he said.
An avid football fan, Bachchan said it was the “passion of my life,” adding he was eagerly looking forward to the ISL.
The actor already owns Jaipur Pink Panthers, which had won the inaugrual Pro Kabaddi League.

Shree Sai Non Conventional Energy to make solar products at ChakanHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Shree Sai Non Conventional Energy to make solar products at Chakan
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Sept 11:  
Shree Sai Non Conventional Energy Pvt Ltd, a Pune-based manufacturer of products for renewable energy sector, has invested Rs 10 crore to set up a manufacturing plant at Chakan.
The new factory will assemble solar energy products for use in sectors like agriculture, cooking, security, hospitality, construction and infrastructure amongst others.
SSNCEPL has a prime focus on manufacturing products for rural markets, will also cater to the demands of the general renewable energy sector in India.
Its solar product-range includes water pumps for irrigation, power packs for use as a back-up power source, fans, cookers lanterns, street lights, home lighting and water heaters.
SL Shrivastav, Chairman, SSNCEPL said, that the company expects to touch a turnover of Rs 100 crore by 2019.
SNCEPL has set up sales offices in Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana, and hopes to enter the southern region in the coming years, he added.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Ashok Leyland: Market share gains driven by pick-up in MHCVsMalini Bhupta |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 04:34 PM IST
Ashok Leyland: Market share gains driven by pick-up in MHCVs
After declining for two consecutive years, medium and heavy commercial vehicle (MHCV) sales have started growing again, even as sales of light commercial vehicle (LCVs) continue to decline. Ashok Leyland, the second largest commercial vehicle maker, reported a overall volume growth of 16.7% year-on-year and a 6.2% month-on-month growth (8,331 units).
After declining for two consecutive years, medium and heavy commercial vehicle (MHCV) sales have started growing again, even as sales of light commercial vehicle (LCVs) continue to decline. Ashok Leyland, the second largest commercial vehicle maker, reported a overall volume growth of 16.7% year-on-year and a 6.2% month-on-month growth (8,331 units). Even as sales of light commercial vehicles continue to decline for the industry; Ashok Leyland has reported a 18% growth in MHCV and 14% growth in LCVs (Dost and Stile).
The stock has moved up 140% over the last six months and 21% over the last month, driven by the hopes of a cyclical revival in commercial vehicle sales. While the CV market is still in the early stages of a revival and Ashok Leyland is in a position to benefit from it, analysts are concerned about the run-up in the stock and the current valuation. The stock is trading at 12 times its EV/EBITDA on March 2016 estimates, says Kotak Institutional Equities, which is a 33% premium to historical averages and considered to be expensive. The valuations do not include value of subsidiaries as they are not profitable.
The positive sentiment is driven by higher freight rates, which have risen by 3-4% over April to August period, suggesting an improvement in utilisation levels. Ashok Leyland has improved its market share by 440 basis points in the current fiscal, thanks to a recovery in South India, but analysts are not sure if this can sustain. Kotak expects the company's market share to take a hit of 200 basis points over FY15-17 as competition remains strong in the segment. The industry has strong players like Bharat Benz and Eicher Volvo, which may impact its market share. Analysts expect the company's market share to touch 26% by FY16-17, which is the peak market share.
There is a contrarian view to this as well. While Kotak expects the company to be impacted by the competition, Ambit Capital expects new entrants to have a minimal impact on Ashok Leyland. The brokerage claims that setting up distribution for new players isn't easy and that Ashok Leyland will benefit from expanding its footprint in northern and eastern India. The HCV segment is dominated by Tata Motors and Ashok Leyland, with a combined market share of 90%.
Also, with volumes reviving, operating leverage would improve and boost margins. Ambit expects the company to report operating margin to expand from 1.7% in FY14 to 7.1% in FY15 and 9.8% in FY16. Also, sale of non-core assets and funds raised from the recent qualified institutional placement of Rs 667 crore to help reduce debt.
 Advertisements

The better way to end an Islamist insurgencyBy Ishaan Tharoor September 10 at 5:35 PM Follow @ishaantharoor
Filipino Muslims shout slogans in support of the passage of a law giving autonomy to minority Muslims during a rally near the Malacanang Palace in Manila on Sept. 10, 2014. (Ted Aljibe/AFP/Getty Images)
On Wednesday, Philippine President Benigno Aquino III submitted a draft law to Congress proposing the creation of an autonomous Muslim region , carved out a number provinces and municipalities in the country's south. Bangsamoro, as the region would be called, would have its own elected officials and assembly, its own law enforcement and greater control over local tax revenues. If brought into existence, the region's new-found autonomy would go a long way to ending a four-decade insurgency that has claimed some 150,000 lives.
"This law is for the children who wish to run across school grounds instead of running for their lives," Mujiv S. Hataman, a politician from the southern Philippines, quoted by the New York Times. "This law is for families who want to put life into the earth through crops and produce, no longer to dig graves for their fathers and sons who have fallen in war. This law is what will help them realize their wishes and dreams."
The Philippines is a predominantly Catholic nation, but there's a small Muslim minority -- roughly 5 percent of the country's 96 million  -- which lives mostly in the vast, southern island of Mindanao as well as adjacent islands. Muslim sultanates held sway through much of the country, particularly the south, until the arrival of the Spanish in the 16th century. The Islam practiced here, like other faiths in Southeast Asia, is suffused with older indigenous beliefs, including the worship of local spirits.
Through the aggressive conversions carried out by the Spanish, and the later arrival of settlers from other parts of the Philippine archipelago, the Muslims, known as "moros," became a minority in their own homeland. By the 1970s, a new Moro insurgency sprang up, using the same guerrilla and terrorist tactics of Marxist-Leninist revolutionary outfits elsewhere in the world.
The Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) was initially a splinter faction of the movement, but became its driving force by the 1980s. At its height, it commanded as many as 12,000 fighters in camps in Mindanao. Its Islamism had more to do with its separatist agenda than a wider regional jihadist mission. A number of other armed factions, of varying ideological bent, also emerged in a region teeming with separatist outfits, criminal gangs and clan militias. Since 2000, the violence in Mindanao has displaced as many as 3.5 million people.
Abu Sayyaf , a radical group that broke away from MILF in the 1990s that is believed to have had connections with al-Qaeda , launched brazen raids and ambushes on army patrols, beheadings, kidnappings of Westerners  and attacks on civilians over the past decade. Their slaughters have continued, including an attack this summer on local villagers celebrating the end of the Muslim holy month Ramadan. Videos uploaded to YouTube in August showed fighters in Abu Sayyaf and other extremist groups swearing allegiance to the Islamic State jihadists who have declared a new caliphate in Syria and Iraq.
A provisional map of the Bangsamoro region. (International Crisis Group)
When he came to power in 2010,  Aquino made a lasting solution to the long-running insurgency one of the main promises of his administration, a tough task given the many failures of previous governments . Talks followed with the MILF leadership and eventually ushered in a peace process that has brought genuine hope.
Under the terms of a series of peace agreements accepted by MILF (the last inked this January), the new autonomous zone would cover five provinces that have Muslim majority populations. It would allow for the provision of Shariah law for Muslims and secular administration for non-Muslims. It also grants more political autonomy and authority to new, locally recruited law enforcement. Muslims in the region have long complained of heavy-handed measures by Philippine security forces waging counter-insurgency.
Aquino's government, according to the Associated Press , has also promised a five-year-development plan for the region, with $400 million worth of funds from the central government. The draft law paving the way for the creation of Bangsamoro is subject to debate in Congress, but will likely be pushed through since Aquino allies dominate its benches.
In return, MILF has renounced terrorism and denounced the Islamic State, for good measure. They will have to make good on pledges to disarm its thousands of fighters. That may prove tricky , since a number of other factions, including Abu Sayyaf, are not party to the peace agreements and can still scupper progress. Indeed, the reasons for caution may outweigh those for optimism.
But at a moment when the world watches the United States and President Obama's plan to bomb the Islamic State, the Philippines offers a good reminder that there can be a peaceful resolution for even the most intractable of conflicts.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410384905/1410384905000/1410384905 tracking: {authors=Ishaan Tharoor, blog_name=worldviews, content_category=World, in_url_headline=the-better-way-to-end-an-islamist-insurgency, post_id=37580, section={section=world, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 9:35:05 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 9:35:05 PM

Why corporations and startups are working togetherWhy corporations and startups are working together
Corporations and startups working together
graphicsdunia4you / iStock/Getty Images
It's about time corporations take notice of the value entrepreneurs or startups can bring larger companies.
It's about time corporations take notice of the value entrepreneurs or startups can bring larger companies. (graphicsdunia4you / iStock/Getty Images)
By Jason Grill, Young Entrepreneur Council, Tribune Content Agency
Business Arrowhead Stadium
'Young companies or new businesses are the job growth engine of the United States economy.'
The words entrepreneur and startup have had a great run of late. A study of Census Bureau data analyzed by scholars at the Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation demonstrated that virtually all net new job creation over the past three decades has come from true startups — new businesses less than 1 year old. According to the research, new businesses create an average of 3 million new jobs each year, while existing businesses of any age, type or size shed, in aggregate, a net annual average of around 1 million jobs as some businesses fail and as others incorporate technology to become more efficient. In 2013, studies showed that 300 out of 100,000 adults created new businesses in 2012. Business creation of 0.3 percent translates into approximately 514,000 new business owners each month during the year. "Young companies or new businesses are the job growth engine of the United States economy," said John Dearie, executive vice president at the Financial Services Forum.
8
So it's about time corporations take notice of the value entrepreneurs or startups can bring larger companies. Entrepreneurs hold the key to spark the innovation that corporations lack. In 2013, we saw more corporations interacting with the startup community and doing things they had never done before. Why are they doing this? They're reaching out because of exploding innovation and a 21st century mindset of speed and product innovation that has left many of them in the dust.
0
On the other hand, entrepreneurs are wary of working in-house at large corporations. They like the autonomy of their own schedule, their own creations and their own imagination. They do not want to be bothered by red tape, a cubicle and a limit on how much money they can make or how high they can climb on a corporate ladder. They would rather have a ping pong table in the office. One of the best entrepreneurs in U.S. history, the late Ewing Marion Kauffman, once dealt with being boxed in at a corporation. He began his career as a pharmaceutical salesman only to have his sales area cut because his commissions were more than the president of the company's salary. So he quit his job, and with an initial investment of $5,000 grew his own pharmaceutical company to one with more than a billion dollars a year in sales. He then sold his company for $7.1 billion in 1995.
Instead of looking to hire entrepreneurs, large corporations are now admitting where they need help and pitching to entrepreneurs and startup leaders instead. During Global Entrepreneurship Week in Kansas City, an event organized by KCnext called Reverse Pitch took place. The tables turned on five of KC's biggest corporations. They pitched real pain points to local innovators and startups the same way entrepreneurs pitch to investors every day. Each company was looking for partners to commercialize ideas or solve problems. The companies included corporate giants such as Sprint, H&R Block and DST, as well as the University of Missouri-Kansas City. One of the biggest surprises was the inclusion of the Kansas City Chiefs from the NF, who reached out to the room to help solve their parking problem. On game days, Arrowhead Stadium effectively becomes the seventh largest city in the state of Missouri. Over 70,000 fans and 20,000 cars a week enter the stadium area, which requires a great deal of ongoing planning. The Chiefs' goal is to use technology to improve the overall traffic and parking experience for their fans. They reached out to entrepreneurs to explore and help improve their payment processes, parking processes and commuter data collection, as well as for ways to improve overall efficiency at Arrowhead Stadium. If a group of entrepreneurs can solve these problems for one sports team, the possibility of replicating these results and improving fan experiences cou ld benefit people throughout the world.
As KCnext President Ryan Weber noted; "Corporations working with entrepreneurs is extremely important to overall innovation. Many corporate leaders understand that innovation comes from inside and outside the walls of the corporation. That's why an open dialogue between the big companies and entrepreneurs is absolutely vital." So these days, corporations are not only pitching to entrepreneurs, but they're also working with accelerators to create closer relationships with startups.
Look no further than Think Big Partners. In 2013, Think Big Partners and H&R Block partnered up on an event entitled "Hackovate Health." This health-focused innovation competition was designed to identify innovative mobile, online, social and other applications that help consumers navigate the new healthcare landscape. Teams large and small competed in a three month long competition, where ten finalists presented promising ideas, some of which turned into new joint ventures. The Hackovate Health process involved coaching and mentoring from business, policy and investor leaders in the entrepreneurship and healthcare arenas. H&R Block fully embraced a role of working on open innovation and learning from entrepreneurs. Partly, this is because corporations with many shareholders don't want to fail. "We believe we can offer corporations other ways to innovate and give them the ability to explore and work with bright individuals not within their four walls," says Managing Partner of Think Big Partners Herb Sih.
Time Warner, Hershey, Pepsi and Microsoft are just some of the other large corporations that have invested time, money and programming into corporate innovation throughout the United States.
In 2013, corporations moved past the typical short meetups and after-work happy hours to truly engage with entrepreneurs and startups in their spaces and on their terms. It's a win-win situation for both entrepreneurs and large corporations to form relationships and interact positively with each other. Let's hope that this emerging trend continues throughout the rest of 2014 and beyond.
Jason Grill is the founder of JGrill Media, where he consults on media relations, public affairs and strategies and government relations.

Had we followed Vivekananda s message  9/11 terror attack would have never happened: PM ModiPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 1:37 pm
Recalling Swami Vivekananda’s message of universal brotherhood, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said had his message been followed history would never have witnessed dastardly acts like the 9/11 terror attack in the US.
The Prime Minister said Swami Vivekananda’s message of universal brotherhood was delivered in his soul-stirring address at the World Parliament of Religions in Chicago on September 11, 1893.
“There are 2 images of 11th September – one of the trail of destruction in 2001 and the other – the message of Swami Vivekananda in 1893. Had we followed Swami Ji’s message, history would never have witnessed such dastardly acts as we saw on 11th September 2001 in USA,” the Prime Minister said.
He said through his address, Swami Vivekananda drew the entire world’s attention to our nation’s rich history and strong cultural roots.
Narrating his address to “Sisters and brothers of America …”, the Prime Minister said with these words of Swami Vivekananda, India’s message of universal brotherhood reverberated across the world.
“Let us remember the words of Swami Vivekananda and dedicate ourselves to furthering the cause of unity, brotherhood and world peace,” he said.
In his address at the Parliament of Religions in Chicago in 1893, Swami Vivekananda had said, “Sectarianism, bigotry, and its horrible descendant, fanaticism, have long possessed this beautiful earth. They have filled the earth with violence, drenched it often and often with human blood, destroyed civilisation and sent whole nations to despair.”
“Had it not been for these horrible demons, human society would be far more advanced than it is now. But their time is come; and I fervently hope that the bell that tolled this morning in honour of this convention may be the death-knell of all fanaticism, of all persecutions with the sword or with the pen, and of all uncharitable feelings between persons wending their way to the same goal.”

On a lighter note: Top 10 memes on Apple s iPhone 6 launchApple had a strong showing on Tuesday night when it announced the launch of the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Watch. As with any big global event, social media was at its hilarious best.
Here is a selection of some of the best memes:
Everyone knows how dismissive Steve Jobs was about big phones, right?
Looks like... Apple forgets.
But the internet... never forgets.
Battery kahan hai?
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus come loaded with all kinds of features and everything and all that. But. What about battery, dude? At least that's what Twitter was busy asking Tuesday night. Doesn't come as a surprise that competition didn't miss the chance to take the dig at Apple too.
*I can feel your heartbeat*
You've been thinking of the Enrique Iglesias song too, haven't you? The Apple Watch feature of sending heartbeats from one person to the other almost broke the internet - it was as if the funniest and creepiest thing people had ever heard.
And all other features that the Watch comes loaded with inspired brands to offer something unique^^ too.
You're late, Apple!
Let's be honest. There are *enough* big screen phones in the market and this is bound to happen.
We all have faith in Twitter. We all saw this coming.
And this:
(Credit: Twitter, @RonAmadeo)
So shawl.
Meet Tommy Krul, the Co-Founder of game studio, 'Super Evil Megacorp' (yes that's what they call themselves). He's a cool guy. But that shawl, man. That shawl.
The irony of a giant 'Super Evil Megacorp' logo at Apple event was also quite delicious.
Pretentiously yours, earpods.
We don't really need to say much here, do we?
#TooBrokeToBeWolfOfAnything
(Credit: Twitter, @Fwiz)
So, what would it take to have enough money to buy one of these? One kidney? Both kidneys?
Okay. Enough with the kidney jokes, please.

Indian cos invested $1.25 bn overseas in Aug...ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Indian corporates invested $1.25 billion overseas in August, higher than $1.12 billion in July but sharply lower than $2.47 billion a year ago, according to data released by the Reserve Bank of India on Thursday.
Overseas direct investments in August included equities of $207.39 million, loans of $303.48 million and $742.80 million in bank guarantees, the RBI said.

Betting gets a bump from Royal Baby #2Betting gets a bump from Royal Baby #2
By Alanna Petroff  @AlannaPetroff September 8, 2014: 10:01 AM ET
Gamblers are guessing whether Prince George will have a royal brother or sister.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Gambling firms are set for another betting bonanza after Buckingham Palace announced the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will be having a second child .
"Money is already pouring in by the pram load and we expect this to be the biggest novelty betting market of the year," said a spokesperson for Paddy Power. "We're expecting to take £10,000 in bets today alone."
U.K.-based gambling firm Ladbrokes was quick to announce it was offering bettors the chance to gamble on the baby's gender and name, saying the early favorite was James, at odds of 6/1.
James was also the red hot favorite for Will and Kate's first baby, Prince George.
Another firm, Betfair, opened a "second baby market" on Monday for punters to gamble on the infant. Victoria was the most likely name for the second child, who will be fourth in line for the throne, said Betfair.
People around the world placed well over £1.5 million ($2.4 million) in bets on the birth of Prince George . Wagers were placed on names, hair color and even his future career. A large proportion of those bets came after the palace announced that Kate Middleton had gone into labor.
Related: Cashing in on the royal baby craze
Gamblers have been betting on a sibling for Prince George for some time, and hundreds of people have already collected thousands of pounds .
"587 people have correctly predicted that the couple would announce they are expecting a second child in 2014, all of those punters have now collected [their] winnings," said a spokesperson for Ladbrokes.
 
Vacation like a duchess at Chatsworth
Gambling isn't the only industry that gets a boost when the royals get busy. The alcohol and souvenir industries also benefit.
A report last summer by the Center for Retail Research estimated that £80 million would be spent on royal baby-related toys and souvenirs as the nation celebrated the birth of Prince George.
The organization also estimated that royal watchers would pop 3 million bottles of Champagne and sparkling wine to celebrate the new baby.
First Published: September 8, 2014: 9:11 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Follow Vivekananda s message to avert attacks like 9/11: ModiComments
Terror attacks like 9/11 in the US would not have happened if Swami Vivekananda's message of universal brotherhood was followed across the world, prime minister Narendra Modi said on Thursday.
The Prime Minister said Swami Vivekananda's message of universal brotherhood was delivered in his soul-stirring address at the World Parliament of Religions in Chicago on September 11, 1893.
"There are 2 images of 11th September - one of the trail of destruction in 2001 and the other - the message of Swami Vivekananda in 1893. Had we followed Swami Ji's message, history would never have witnessed such dastardly acts as we saw on 11th September 2001 in USA," the Prime Minister said.
He said through his address, Swami Vivekananda drew the entire world's attention to our nation's rich history and strong cultural roots.
Narrating his address to "Sisters and brothers of America ...", the Prime Minister said with these words of Swami Vivekananda, India's message of universal brotherhood reverberated across the world.
"Let us remember the words of Swami Vivekananda and dedicate ourselves to furthering the cause of unity, brotherhood and world peace," he said.
  In his address at the Parliament of Religions in Chicago in 1893, Swami Vivekananda had said, "Sectarianism, bigotry, and its horrible descendant, fanaticism, have long possessed this beautiful earth. They have filled the earth with violence, drenched it often and often with human blood, destroyed civilisation and sent whole nations to despair. Had it not been for these horrible demons, human society would be far more advanced than it is now."

Pakistan rescues 20 000 of its citizens trapped infloodsPakistani flood affected villagers settle in a relief camp in Jhang, Pakistan. Pakistani troops used helicopters and boats to evacuate thousands of marooned people from the country’s plains. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 11, 2014 5:10 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 5:14 pm
Pakistan’s army said on Thursday that it has saved at least 22,000 people who were marooned due to devastating floods which hit the country after last week’s heavy monsoon showers and have caused 257 deaths.
One of the main rivers of the country, Chenab, is still in high flood and has already caused widespread destruction in the agricultural backbone of Punjab.
The army was called after the civilian authorities said the floods were out of control. The army is using helicopters and boats to save lives and provide food to the people.
A military statement said that since September 5, “Army troops have rescued 22,000 stranded people in the flood waters from various areas of Punjab and (Pakistan-occupied) Kashmir to safer places by army helicopters and boats”.
According to the National Disaster Management Authority over one million people were affected in Punjab. At least another million are being evacuated from low lying areas near the river banks.
So far 257 people have been killed due to rains and floods in the country.

Total sales at MorrisonsThis report covers trading for the 26 weeks ended 3 August 2014.
 
Total turnover during the period was £8.5bn, down 4.9% year-on-year. Store turnover of £6.5bn, excluding fuel, was down by 4.4%, which comprised a like-for-like (LFL) decrease of 7.4% (including a contribution of 0.4% from online) and 3.0% from new stores. Fuel sales fell by 7.9% to £1.9bn.
 
For Q2, LFL excluding fuel was down 7.6%, including a contribution of 0.4% from online.
 
Operating profit was £287m, 24.7% lower than in the previous year with the operating margin reducing by 88bps to 3.38%. This was primarily due to our substantial investment in price, which was partly offset by £54m of property disposal profits.
 
Underlying operating profit, restated for disposal profits and an exceptional impairment last year, was £229m, with operating margin down 186bps year-on-year.
 
Net finance costs were £49m, an increase over the prior period of £12m. There was no IAS 19 pension interest impact.
 
One-off costs were £35m. For full-year 2014/15, we expect £70m, in line with our previous guidance, comprising Kiddicare trading losses, restructuring costs, and the launch costs of our new Morrisons card.
 
New business development (NBD) costs for online and convenience were £38m (2013/14: £30m). We expect £65m for 2014/15, as previously guided.
 
Underlying profit before tax(1) reduced to £181m, compared to £371m(2) in the first half of 2013/14, (or £401m as reported under the previous definition, which excluded £30m of NBD costs).
 
Underlying basic earnings per share(1) (EPS) reduced by 51.8% to 5.74p (2013/14: 11.92p(2)) reflecting the decrease in underlying profit.
 
Profit before tax was £239m (2013/14: £344m).
 
The Group generated strong operating cash flow of £551m. Operating working capital improved by £145m during the first half, partially offset by a reduction of £25m within creditors relating to an outflow for onerous property commitments.
 
Capital expenditure fell to £257m from £561m for 2013/14, as we cut back on new store expansion. In addition, last year included expenditure relating to the launch of our online business.
 
Property disposals of £280m, with associated profits of £54m, were recognised in the period. We expect total disposals of £400-£500m for 2014/15, in line with previous guidance.
 
The Group's net debt fell to £2,608m, from £2,817m at the end of 2013/14. We expect net debt of £2.4bn-£2.5bn for 2014/15, as previously guided. Gearing was 56%, compared to 60% at the end of last year.
 
In June, we issued a 15-year (2029) £300m bond at a coupon of 4.75%, and in September, we replaced our £1.2bn revolving credit facility with a £1.35bn facility for a further five years, which has options to extend.
 
In March 2014 we committed to a minimum dividend increase of 5% for 2014/15, reflecting our confidence in the Group's strong financial position and future cash generation. Accordingly, the interim dividend has been increased by 5% to 4.03p (2013/14: 3.84p). The dividend will be paid on 10 November 2014 to shareholders on the register on 3 October 2014.
 
We opened four new supermarkets (120,000 square feet) and 17 M local convenience stores (45,000 square feet) during the period. We now expect to open 60-70 new M local stores in 2014/15, which is below our original target of up to 100, as a package of stores we had anticipated purchasing did not meet our strict hurdle-rate criteria. We now expect new space to contribute 2.7% to 2014/15 sales, compared to previous guidance of 3.0%. We expect to open 540,000 square feet of new space during 2014/15.
 
Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) fell to 6.6% from 8.2% in 2013/14, primarily due to the fall in profit.
 
Market overview and trading
 
We continue to operate in a challenging economic environment where cutting back and managing spend carefully is part of the new shopping norm. Consumers are still financially constrained and, with inflation falling too, this means that growth in the grocery market has declined. Shoppers are not only cutting back on the volumes they buy through putting less in their basket, they are also trading down to cheaper alternatives(3).
 
While there are some positive signs of consumer confidence(4), the reality that consumers face is one of falling real incomes with disposable income remaining tight. A potential rise in interest rates could also impact this position further. As such, the recovery is fragile and near-term trading conditions remain challenging.
 
Promotional levels remain high in the market (at around 40%) and vouchering/coupon activity continues to be used to encourage spending. Across the market, we have seen the average number of trips where a coupon was used increase from 18.1% in first-half 2013/14, to 21.3% in 2014/15(3).
 
Growth trends in the different grocery channels look set to continue, with online and convenience expected to drive overall market growth over the coming years.
 
As we anticipated, Morrisons first-half 2014/15 LFL performance has continued to lag behind our larger competitors. Our investment in price had a deflation impact, weighted towards Q2. We also continue to face headwinds in the online and convenience channels, although our own businesses are progressing well.
 
However, we still have much to do and our new strategy is fully focused on reversing our market under-performance.
 
Strategy update
 
At the 2013/14 Prelims we laid out plans for our core proposition, and acknowledged that we needed to be closer to the lowest prices in the market before our provenance, fresh food range and quality, in-store craft skills and great service could shine through. In support of this we planned to invest in our business by:
 
·    Lowering prices on a permanent basis
·    Offering fewer but more impactful promotions
·    Making Own Brand a competitive advantage
·    Continuing to improve product quality and range
·    Making our stores easier and more pleasant places to shop
·    Launching a Morrisons card
·    Delivering focused, consistent customer communication
 
To fund this change and investment, we have identified £1bn of cost savings to be delivered over the next three years in three key areas:
 
·    Improving our end-to-end supply operations - £300m
·    Indirect procurement and loss prevention - £200m
·    Promotional investment and sourcing - £500m
 
In addition we are facing into the structural changes that are taking place in the market, and embracing the trends towards proximity and online shopping.
 
Investing in our core value proposition
 
Price
Price and excellent everyday value are key components of our proposition. We need to offer consistently low prices in order for the rest of our offer to shine through.
We are committed to a net £300m investment in our proposition during 2014/15, the vast majority of which is in price. The process started during Q1 with a rolling programme of price cuts on Produce and Meat lines. Then, in May, we launched the 'I'm Cheaper' campaign, cutting 1,200 Own Brand and branded everyday products by an average of 17%; in June, we cut a further 135 prices by an average of 14%.
 
By the end of first-half 2014/15, our cuts had resulted in lower prices across the customer basket. On our measure, inflation is now negative year-on-year, so our price cuts mean deflation for our customers.
 
We have demonstrated our commitment to cutting prices and keeping them low with the launch of our price transparency website. This is a first for the UK Grocery industry - a website that tracks a supermarket's prices over time. It gives our customers confidence that prices are coming down and staying down.
 
Our investment won't end there. We are determined to keep cutting prices in the future. It will take time for the full benefits to flow through as we are just six months into a three-year plan, but our customers' reaction to date has been very positive and feedback has been excellent.
 
The sales increase of the 'I'm Cheaper' lines has been very encouraging. For us though, broader volume-related KPIs, such as Items per Basket, are the best indicators of progress. Items per Basket is on an improving trend, and was down 3.2% year-on-year in Q2, which was 480bps better than our LFL performance   (-8.0%). In Produce, the category in which we have been cutting prices for longest, Items per Basket was down 0.4% for Q2, 760bps better than LFL. As stated above, we will include volume-related KPIs in future results announcements.
 
Promotions
As well as low, consistent and transparent pricing, we will have fewer but more impactful promotions. We will bring promotional participation down too, as we focus more on price cuts and everyday low prices. 
 
Progress so far has been good. We have already cut a large number of the duplicated and less impactful promotions. The number of weekly Items on Promotion fell by 9% in the first half and by 13% in Q2. Overall, year-on-year sales on promotion were down by 140bps in Q2, compared to an increase of 140bps in Q4 2013/14, meaning that the promotions we did run were more impactful than before.
 
Own Brand
We now have a dedicated Own Brand sourcing team that is stepping up the pace of product development, reducing complexity and removing duplication. We are investing to improve our range, and aim to create a brand hierarchy better suited to our customers' expectations. There is much still to do, but we have already removed 8% of Own Brand SKUs from our range. Despite this, LFL volume growth of our mid-tier Own Brand is now ahead of the rest of the business.
 
Product
Product quality is a high priority for Morrisons, and our vertical integration makes us uniquely placed to differentiate ourselves still further in this regard.
 
Morrisons is now being widely recognised for its improving quality. During the period, we won nearly 200 awards for our food products from various industry bodies, a significant increase on the 56 we achieved in the whole of 2013.
 
This year we are investing £20m in our chill chain, through improved refrigeration in our manufacturing sites, depots and stores. We are also making our supply chain shorter by dealing direct with more suppliers.
 
Ease of shop
We have been working hard to make shopping easier for our customers. Our programme to reduce in-store clutter has removed unnecessary sales displays. We have also reduced queue lengths at busy periods, removed locks from trolleys at c.300 stores, and upgraded customer service facilities in over 100 stores.
 
These measures have enabled us to deliver a 7% increase in our Ease of shop(5) measure during the period.
 
In addition, in August we announced that we will be extending opening hours in 230 of our stores to make shopping even more convenient for our customers.
 
The Morrisons card
We will be launching our Morrisons card soon. We have successfully trialled a number of different formats and registered over half a million Morrisons Miles card holders to help accelerate our launch, all of which has been enabled by the major systems upgrades that we have been implementing.
 
The card will further reinforce our value credentials, allow us to speak directly to customers for the first time, and significantly increase our customer insight. Over time, the new data will also enable us to be smarter in the way we run the whole business.
 
Communication
We are focused on bringing more customers into our stores to appraise our offer. Our communication will be around lower prices, great promotions, in-store service and craft skills, and supporting our new growth channels. The Morrisons card will be a key component of taking communication and interaction with our customers to a different level.
 
The 'I'm Cheaper' campaign was the biggest in Morrisons history, and the 'Summer Collector' campaign was also successful. In addition, we have recently redesigned and reissued all of our in-store point-of-sale material to give customers clearer messages about our offer.
 
We are training our staff, via initiatives such as 'Five Star Performance' and 'Making Produce Shine', in order to further improve communication with our customers and emphasise what makes Morrisons different. Also, we have recently launched a new online feedback system called 'Talk to Morrisons', to get even closer to our customers.
 
Saving to invest - increasing efficiency
 
To fund the investments in our value proposition, we have identified a number of  initiatives which will generate £1bn of self-help over the next three years. Many of these are savings which other retailers have benefited from for some time. Our recent cost-savings track record is strong and this, together with new IT-enabled capabilities, gives us the confidence that we can achieve this ambitious programme without compromising our guiding principles of great customer service and value.
 
End-to-end
£35m of savings were delivered during the period, and we confirm our three-year target of £300m.
 
In June, we announced a restructure of our in-store teams to make them more efficient, with clearer lines of responsibility and fewer layers of management. As a result, more colleagues will now be in customer-facing roles. This restructure will result in an expected 2,600 redundancies. In addition, within Head Office and in our Logistics operation, around 300 roles were removed during the period.
 
Morrisons manufacturing capabilities are unique, and provide us with many opportunities to make our business more efficient. One of these is to increasingly utilise our vertical integration by moving some tasks from in-store to our manufacturing businesses. There are many tasks that we currently carry out in-store, which are invisible to our customers and could be done more efficiently in one of our manufacturing plants, thereby freeing-up our in-store craftspeople to serve our customers better.
 
One example is our new Signature Beef range which is now cut and packaged in our meat processing plant, instead of in-store. The product has a longer shelf-life with less waste, and our skilled in-store butchers now have more time to serve customers at the counters, preparing meat to specific requirements. Overall, through this and other future initiatives, we expect to move from having over 60% of our fresh meat packed in-store, to around 20%.
 
Over time, we will further improve how we stock our shelves and how we manage our in-store labour scheduling. Our first sales-based ordering (SBO) trials will begin during H1 2015/16, and we anticipate that SBO will significantly benefit the business in the longer term.
 
These and other coming initiatives will improve in-store efficiency without impacting the level of customer interaction and service. We expect our retail efficiency KPIs to improve going forward, and will report some of these in future.
 
Within the supply chain, improvements in stock levels and better loss prevention will ensure reduced product-handling costs. Through various initiatives, we have already reduced our stock holding by over £170m this year.
 
Indirect procurement and loss prevention
£20m of savings were delivered during the period, and we confirm our three-year target of £200m.
 
For indirect procurement, we have already reduced packaging costs by over 10% for Market Street products prepared in store.
 
For loss prevention, our improved systems now enable us to better identify the greatest areas of opportunity to reduce our total annual shrink, waste and markdown cost. More security tagging will save nearly £10m this year.
 
Promotional investment and sourcing
£50m of savings were delivered during the period, and we confirm our three-year target of £500m.
 
Having a simpler range with less duplication and fewer, more impactful promotions, is more cost effective. By the end of the first half, we had taken over 2,000 SKUs out of our range, which is a very good start towards our three-year target of reducing total SKUs by 20%. As outlined above, the number of weekly Items on Promotion fell by 13% during Q2.
 
Also, we are directing promotional investment better; improving Own Brand sourcing through our new team; and working more collaboratively with our suppliers.
 
Our M Partner programme is improving the way we work with our Top 20 branded suppliers. In addition, being part of the AMS buying group enables us to purchase goods more effectively. We expect to more than double the value of purchases sourced through AMS during 2014/15 to over €650m, and to exceed €1bn by 2016.
 
 
Online
During the period, we continued to roll out our online offer. We have progressed beyond our initial regions of Warwickshire and Yorkshire, and are now operating in Birmingham, Manchester, North London, Sheffield and, since the end of the period, in Lincolnshire.
 
The service continues to be very popular with customers, particularly unique innovations such as our doorstep check. Our metrics continue to be industry-leading: rejection rate is very small at just 0.3%; Fresh participation over-indexes at 49%; substitutions are just 1.0%; and on-time delivery is a very high 97%. In the second half of 2014/15, we plan to open two further online hubs in Greater Manchester and Merseyside, and will soon begin testing an innovative form of click and collect.
 
2014 will be our first Christmas online, and we are very focused on continuing to get execution right for our customers. Sustaining high service levels is our top priority. We retain our targets of £200m of annualised sales and 50% coverage of UK households by the end of the financial year.
 
Kiddicare exit
In March we announced that we would be seeking to sell Kiddicare during 2014. In July, we announced the sale of the business to Endless LLP, for £2m. We are currently working to dispose of ten store leases, and we remain confident that we have fully provided for all the exit costs from the business.
 
Convenience
We opened 17 M local convenience stores in the period, taking the total to 119. In October, we will add new distribution capability in Bridgwater by better utilising current down-time at the existing Morrisons depot.
 
We continue to learn and develop the M local format. During the first half, we refined all of our ranges to make them more appropriate for convenience, and introduced convenience-specific packs in a number of Fresh areas.
 
We now expect to open around 60-70 stores this year. This is lower than previous guidance because a package of stores we had anticipated purchasing did not meet our strict hurdle-rate criteria. As a consequence, we now expect a year-end sales run-rate of around £300m, compared with our original target of £350m. We retain ambitious future growth targets, and still plan for up to 100 new M local stores per year from 2015/16.
 
Financial Strategy
 
Morrisons adheres to strong financial principles through a capital allocation framework. Our first priority is to invest to support the store estate and infrastructure, and reduce costs. Second, we will seek to maintain debt ratios that support our medium-term target of a strong investment grade credit rating. Third, we will invest in profitable growth opportunities. Fourth, we will pay dividends and; finally, any surplus capital will be returned to shareholders.
 
We have identified several opportunities to generate substantial free cash flow through growth; a step-change reduction in capital expenditure; better working capital management; and property disposals.
 
We are on track to generate £2bn of free cash flow in the three years to 2016/17.
 
Capital expenditure
Although there are still many ongoing capital projects, spend on infrastructure, new stores, and manufacturing has peaked. As previously announced, in future we will only add core supermarkets to our new-space pipeline in exceptional circumstances. As a result, capital expenditure is reducing significantly. During first-half 2014/15 it was £257m, a fall of 54% year-on-year (2013/14: £561m).
 
We maintain our capital expenditure guidance of £550m for 2014/15 (down from £1.1bn for 2013/14), and £400m for 2015/16.
 
Property
We remain committed to an overwhelmingly freehold core supermarkets portfolio and a ratio that will not fall below 80%.
 
We have made an encouraging start to our disposals programme. During the period, we recognised £280m of property disposals and £54m of profit. We expect to realise £400m-£500m of property proceeds in 2014/15 and £1bn in the three years to 2016/17, in line with previous guidance.
 
Cash flow and working capital
The Group generated strong operating cash flow of £551m.
 
We have made very good progress on working capital through an even greater management focus on various initiatives to improve stock, debt and supplier terms. Operating working capital improved by £145m during the first half, driven mainly by reduced depot inventory (2.3 days fall in depot stock cover). This was partially offset by a reduction of £25m within creditors relating to an outflow for onerous property commitments. £20m of the working capital improvement was due to timing which will unwind by year-end.
 
In addition, supply-chain financing has been launched. It is progressing well, and will be rolled-out over the next 12 months.
We maintain guidance for a working capital inflow of £200m in 2014/15, and £600m over the three years to 2016/17. Also, as previously guided, we expect a £100m onerous property commitment outflow in 2014/15.
 
Debt improved to £2,608m during first-half 2014/15, from £2,817m reported at 2013/14 year-end.
 
In June, we issued a 15-year (2029) £300m bond at a coupon of 4.75%. The funds will partially refinance existing debt facilities that mature over the next six months and further improve the maturity profile of the remaining debt.
 
In September, we replaced our £1.2bn revolving credit facility with a £1.35bn facility for a further five years, with options to extend.
 
Our 2014/15 year-end net debt guidance remains £2.4bn-£2.5bn, a £300m-£400m improvement year-on-year.
 
Shareholder returns
The dividend is 4.03p (+5%) per share, in line with our commitment of a minimum 5% increase for the full year. Our cash cover is strong and we remain committed to a progressive dividend, moving towards 2x cover over time.
 
Pensions
The triennial valuation was completed in July 2014. At the time of the last triennial valuation in 2010, the pension schemes were almost fully funded. That position is virtually unchanged, with the deficit falling to £40m and the schemes being over 97% funded.
 
ROCE
ROCE fell to 6.6% from 8.2%, primarily due to the fall in profit. We remain committed to ROCE as a KPI, and are focused on growing future returns and optimising our capital base.
 
Profit guidance
We maintain guidance for underlying profit before tax(1) to be in the range £325m-£375m, after £65m of NBD costs and £70m of one-off costs.
 
Some guidance components change slightly. Our depreciation guidance falls by £10m to c.£390m, primarily due to a faster than anticipated reduction in capital expenditure. Interest guidance increases £10m to a range of £95m-£100m, following the completion of the new bond and accelerated amortisation of fees associated with the previous revolving credit facility.
 
We also now expect £220m of cost savings, up from £200m previously, due to a slightly earlier phasing of our three-year £1bn plan. The impact will be offset by a similar increase in anticipated trading/structural headwinds.
 
Corporate responsibility and community
 
How we operate is very important to us. Our corporate responsibility (CR) programme ensures we work in a way that is right for our customers, colleagues, suppliers and communities, creating longer term sustainable growth. In June, we published our CR Review, which was independently verified by our assurance providers, DNV GL, to AA1000AS (2008) standard. The CR Review is available to download at www.morrisons-corporate.com/CR/ .
 
Morrisons farming programme
Since 2009, the award-winning Morrisons farming programme has been at the centre of our relationship with the farming community. Farmers involved in the programme include 2,600 beef, pork and lamb farmers who all supply directly into our Woodheads meat business.
 
In July, we were awarded the Rural Action Award at Business in the Community's Responsible Business Awards. This award celebrates the work of our programme, supporting UK primary producers to overcome the challenges they face within the farming industry.
 
In the recent Elliot Report, published in the wake of the horse meat scandal, Morrisons supply chain integrity was singled out as an example of retail industry best practice.
 
Ethical trading
Morrisons is fully committed to sourcing products in an ethical manner and promoting the rights of workers throughout our worldwide supply chain.
 
This year we implemented the key recommendations of an independent review of our ethical trading programme, commissioned in late 2012. We made a significant investment in the year to implement the strategy, including dedicated resource in our UK and Hong Kong buying teams and membership of SEDEX ethical data systems. 
 
In 2014, we launched our new Ethical Trading Policy (incorporating our updated Ethical Trading Code), and communicated specific requirements for all Own Brand suppliers to be members of SEDEX and share their ethical information with us.
 
Managing our emissions
Our commitment to reduce operational carbon emissions by 30% by 2020, from a 2005 baseline remains a significant focus within our business. We are now three-quarters of the way through our journey. With five years of investment left to go, this year we reached an absolute reduction of 24.5% from a 2005 baseline.
 
Let's Grow
Our award winning 'Let's Grow' programme completed its sixth year of operation. The programme's ongoing commitment is to educate children - our shoppers of tomorrow - about the life cycle of food through the practical experience of growing fresh fruit and vegetables in an outdoor environment.
 
'Let's Grow' provides UK schools with free gardening equipment, cooking equipment and key teaching resources. Since the scheme began in 2008, we have given away over £18m worth of equipment.
 
Sue Ryder
Following our successful three-year partnership with Save the Children, raising over £7m for their Families and Schools Together and Eat Sleep Learn Play! programmes, we are now working with the National charity Sue Ryder to help and support people and families throughout the UK.
 
The partnership will see fundraising from customers and colleagues, and will enable the establishment of Community Clinics, End-of-life-care online communities and Family Support Teams.
 
Only a few months into this partnership, Morrisons has raised over £670,000 for Sue Ryder thanks to the fundraising efforts of both customers and colleagues.
 
Colleagues
 
We saw 89% of colleagues take the opportunity to share their feedback in our recent employee opinion survey. Our Colleague Engagement Index (CEI), which is a measure we use to gauge how people feel about life at Morrisons, rose slightly this year to 75.1 points. This gives us a real insight into how our colleagues feel about Morrisons and forms part of our commitment to develop a culture of an employee voice that matters.
 
The Morrisons Academy has continued to establish its role in supporting colleagues in their personal development and training. Recently, it has played a vital part in preparing colleagues at our Colne, Spalding and Turriff abattoirs to pass the 'Welfare of Animals at Time of Kill' (WATOK) qualification - making us the first retailer in the UK to achieve this accreditation. We are also delighted to have two colleagues as finalists in the Everywoman in Business Awards.
 

Nifty finds support at 8100  buying is suggested if 8100 holds10 September 2014
Wednesday
Bank Nifty may be ready for big, thrusting move up or down, banks trading in 200 point narrow range for over seven days
Choppy markets frustrate investors since prices do not go in the way we anticipate. This is normal, after all markets will not oblige us all the time. Bank Nifty is finding a short term resistance near 16200 – 16220. A breakout may give us a buying opportunity in Bank Nifty. CNX IT saw a down move today and closed below 11000. We may see a correction or consolidation in this sector.
We have NICKEL in METAL SECTION. Trend is sideways as prices are trading inside a range. Wait for a clear direction in this instrument. We have POWER in Sector Focus. Prices are trading very narrow and at the verge of breakout. Sooner we may get a buying in Power Stocks. Stock in focus includes BHARTIARTL, JISLJALEQS, RELCAPITAL and ADANIPOWER. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss GBP INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

The Moment of Truth: Other High-Profile Verdicts
Audi drives in Q3 Dynamic at Rs 38.4 lakhHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Audi drives in Q3 Dynamic at Rs 38.4 lakh
Rajesh Kurup
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 11:  
German luxury car manufacturer Audi has launched a fully-loaded version of its compact sports utility vehicle Q3 Dynamic in India priced at Rs 38.40 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai).
The Q3 is the largest selling luxury SUV in India and this new addition will further strengthen the brand’s dominance in the luxury SUV segment, the company said in a statement.
“We have further fine-tuned the suspension to meet Indian road conditions and offer the right balance between ride and comfort. With this new top of the line Audi Q3, we are further enhancing the appeal of one of the most successful SUVs in the Indian market,” said Joe King, Head, Audi India.
The model comes with new dynamic suspension, clear lens tail lamps, 17-inch alloy wheels, panoramic sunroof, roomy interior, sporty exterior, and all-wheel drive.
The Q3 range in India starts at Rs 25.49 lakh (ex-showroom Mumbai).

Armour polymers is the old nameCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Foreign tourists arrival up 17 p.c. in AugustNEW DELHI, September 9, 2014
Updated: September 9, 2014 20:25 IST
Foreign tourists arrival up 17 p.c. in August
Yuthika Bhargava
tourism
Over 5.69 lakh foreign tourists visited India in August 2014, marking a growth of 17 per cent over the same month last year, while foreign exchange earnings rose nearly 23 per cent to Rs. 10,254 crore during the period, according to official data released on Tuesday. 
Foreign Tourist Arrivals (FTAs) stood at 4.86 lakh in August 2013 and 4.46 lakh in August 2012. Likewise, FEEs during August 2013 were Rs. 8,351 crore in August 2013 and Rs. 7,260 crore in August 2012. 
Among the 15 source countries, highest number of tourist were from Bangladesh (14.03 per cent), followed by USA (12.74 per cent), UK (9.22 per cent), Sri Lanka (6.79 per cent), Japan (3.56 per cent), France (3.18 per cent), Malaysia (3.09 per cent), Germany (2.79 per cent), UAE (2.42 per cent), Oman (2.28 per cent), Australia (2.28 per cent), Canada (2.22 per cent), China (2.14 per cent), Pakistan (2.11 per cent) and Nepal (2.10 per cent). 
FEEs in USD terms stood at $1.684 billion as compared to FEEs of $1.328 billion in August 2013, a growth of 26.8 per cent.

The Islamic State wont find it easy to wipe away post-colonial bordersComments
By William F.S. Miles September 10 at 1:00 PM
This image posted on a militant news organization’s Twitter account on June 12 shows Islamic State militants removing part of the soil barrier on the Iraq-Syria border and moving through it. (albaraka_news, File/AP Photo)
Does the triumph of the Islamic State in Syria and Iraq herald the undoing of colonial-era boundaries elsewhere in the Middle East and Third World? Are other graves turning than those marked “Here Lies Sir Mark Sykes and Ci-gît François Georges Picot” – those of their partners in partition? It should not be overlooked: Nearly 40 percent of the entire length of today’s international boundaries were traced by France and Britain. The division of this part of “the Levant” into a French-dominated Syria and a British-controlled Iraq – and, for that matter, between le Liban and (British) Palestine – was but a small part of the larger parceling of the colonial world into Anglophone and Francophone imperial spheres. Were the logic of pre-colonial reunification to spread, for reasons fundamentalist and not, cartographers and atlas designers would be looking ahead to a busy time of map redrawing, indeed.
But I wouldn’t buy stock in world map publishing just yet. For while many trees have been felled to decry in print the continuing injustice of the colonial split up of ethnic groups, on the ground, in borderlands throughout the developing world, the inheritors of today’s borders have adapted quite nicely to the opportunities afforded by border economies. More importantly, so have their rulers, who have vested interests in preserving the legitimacy and sovereignty of their post-colonial borders and domains. For all the Islamic State’s declarations of a new caliphate, even Islamist radical groups generally eschew colonial boundary nullification.
Take the case of Boko Haram, the murderous terrorist group operating in the predominantly northern region of Nigeria. Not even Boko Haram, for all its bombings, murders, and schoolgirl kidnappings, aims to fuse Anglophone Nigeria with its Francophone neighbor Niger (which has an even higher percentage of Muslims). Al-Shabab (of formerly British Somaliland) leaves Djibouti (formerly French Somaliland) alone. A century since the original ethnic sin of British-French empire carving, the vast majority of post-colonies have perpetuated in some form the institutions, languages, and even mentalities of their erstwhile colonizers. Neither elites nor borderlanders pine to return to the early 19th century map. Even in the name of ethnic or religious irredentism, as a rule border dissolution is inherently disruptive.
Even one of the most failed states on earth – the so-called “Democratic” Republic of the Congo, or DRC – has survived despite itself. Many Africa-watchers attribute the continuity of this gargantuan hodge-podge of a post-colonial state to the strong-armed tactics (greased by state-sanctioned kleptocracy) of Mobutu Sese Seko, when the country was known as Zaire. But even after Mobutu’s forced abdication and the assassination of his successor Laurent Kabila – and despite continuing bloody reverberations from the 1994 genocide in nearby Rwanda – the DRC manages to hang together. With or without strongman Bashar al-Assad, Syria, too (like the former Belgian Congo, with or without a Mobutu), will emerge sovereign from its current crisis, the Islamic State notwithstanding. When it comes to territorial sovereignty and national identity, radical, extremist Islamism is no match for the legacies of colonialism.
So how to interpret the purported re-caliphization of Iraq and Syria? The Sykes-Picot agreement stipulated the respective spheres of interest that Britain and France would exercise in this portion of the colonial world. But unlike in Sub-Saharan Africa, Indochina (Burma-Laos) and their respective islands in the West Indies and South Pacific, the French and British did not set out to remake the Arab societies of the Middle East in their own images – certainly not to the same extent. Temporary or long lasting, the recent disintegration of the Sykes-Picot line (which has been debated previously on the Monkey Cage by Ariel Ahram and Gregory Gause ) that initially differentiated Iraq from Syria is an aberration. Indeed, the Islamic State’s “competitors” in the jihadist and Salafist leagues generally exploit existing state boundaries rather than subvert them. Such was the case with al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), which started out (as the Armed Islamic Group) in the early 1990s strictly in opposition to the regime in Algiers, until the Algerian military pushed it out of its sovereign territory into the Sahara of neighboring Mali. Additionally, the Muslim Brotherhood, despite similarly named organizations in various countries, has really confined its activities and objectives to Egypt. Even the terminological equivalent to the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria – al-Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan – strives to achieve tactical gains and political leverage in each of those countries, rather than actually trying to merge them into one. Even in the world of Islamist extremism, in terms of boundary nullification the Islamic State is an outlier.
There are multiple mechanisms holding inherited colonial borders in place. For one, politicians, both national and local, have a vested interest in maintaining the territorial status quo. Attributions of office, and their related resource-extracting powers, which adhere to century-old spatial and administrative delimitations, are predictable and lucrative. Second, the inhabitants of the borderland themselves, even if of the same ethnicity and split into separate national states, have contrived cross-border trade activities that exploit the boundaries more than the boundaries disturb them. Call it informal economy or smuggling, borderlanders know how to subvert borders.
But the most powerful mechanism for boundary continuity is the post-Enlightenment (including post-colonial), universal appeal of national identity. As collectivities and as individuals, we all yearn to be secure within the boundaries that define our sense of nationhood. Shake up those demarcators of identity and you disturb the sense of who we are, where we belong. It is precisely those people who are deprived of a nation-state who have a legitimate stake in the redrawing of state boundaries; in the case of Iraq and Syria, it is the Kurds – not the Islamic State militants – who have the strongest claim to undo colonial-imposed borders. And the Kurds certainly don’t wish to merge (formerly-British) Iraq and (formerly-French) Syria through a disintegration of their respective frontiers. If borders are to be tinkered with, the Kurds will demand more borders to define a new Kurdistan, not fewer ones to combine Iraq and Syria, as per the Islamic State.
While some jihadists and diehard anti-colonialists would (albeit for different reasons) celebrate the Islamic State’s purported liquidation of this particular Anglo-French demarcation, partitioned borderlanders elsewhere will neither jubilate nor emulate. For all of the injustice it represents, the world map drawn by the colonial superpowers of yesteryear is basically still the one we inhabit today. Even as we are bound to understand why it looks the strange way it does, we’ve still got to make the best of it.
William F.S. Miles is a professor of political science at Northeastern University in Boston and the author of “ Scars of Partition: Postcolonial Legacies in French and British Borderlands ” (University of Nebraska Press, 2014).
Recent Monkey Cage posts on developments in Syria and Iraq include:

Alibaba 101: The biggest IPO of all timeAlibaba 101: The biggest IPO of all time
By Matt Egan  @mattmegan5 September 10, 2014: 11:51 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
A new star in the tech world is forming right before our eyes.
Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce giant, is poised to raise more money in its IPO than Facebook or Visa did. It could generate an eye-popping $24 billion when it begins trading on the New York Stock Exchange -- likely at the end of next week.
Few Americans have heard of Alibaba. It's frequently described as a mix of Amazon.com ( AMZN , Tech30 ), eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ) and PayPal for China. It doesn't have much of a presence in the U.S., but it's starting to expand and now owns stakes in companies including Uber, Lyft and search engine app Quixey.
There are a lot of reasons Wall Street is abuzz about this company, but here's what you need to know:
Related: Meet the man who built Alibaba
1. Alibaba will soon be worth as much as Amazon
Alibaba set the stage last week for an IPO that would value the Chinese company at a whopping $155 billion.
That dwarfs eBay's $67 billion market valuation and is roughly in line with Amazon's $160 billion market cap.
Related: All you need to know about Alibaba
Alibaba stock is set to price initially between $60 and $66 a share. If it goes at the high end of that range, it will sport a valuation that is within striking distance of Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ), which went public in 2012 and is currently valued at about $201 billion.
There's still a long way to go before Alibaba catches the biggest tech stars. Even if it prices higher than $66 a share, it will be well behind Google's ( GOOGL , Tech30 ) $400 billion and Apple's ( AAPL , Tech30 ) nearly $600 billion market capitalization.
Still, Alibaba is setting the stage to raise more money than any previous IPO, and that means the company will have a lot of cash on hand to put into research, mergers and purchases of startups around the world.
Related: What will Marissa Mayer & Yahoo do with their Alibaba cash?
2. Alibaba's IPO could be the biggest ever
Alibaba's offering would raise up to $24.3 billion, if you include money going to investors and underwriter banks. That would easily top the previous record-holder among U.S.-listed IPOs: Visa's ( V )$19.7 billion raised in 2008.
That would also break the global record held by the Agricultural Bank of China ( ACGBY ), which hauled in $22 billion in a 2010 IPO that was dually listed in Hong Kong and Shanghai, according to Dealogic.
3. Alibaba moves a stunning amount of merchandise
The Chinese company calls itself the "largest online and mobile commerce company in the world."
It bases that call on a common e-commerce metric: Gross merchandise volume. Basically, that's the value of all the merchandise changing hands on a platform over a given time.
Alibaba generated $248 billion of gross merchandise volume in 2013, towering over Amazon.com's $116 billion, according to estimates by IDC.
In fact, if you add up the value of goods being exchanged on Alibaba, it's greater than that of Amazon, eBay, JD.com ( JD ) and Japanese e-commerce giant Rakuten -- combined.
Alibaba's dominance may even grow as China's middle class continues to expand.
First Published: September 10, 2014: 9:40 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Chinese billionaires list touches 300 by 201...The personal fortunes of 300 Chinese topped 10 billion yuan ($1.6 billion) in 2013, a new annual ranking of the wealthiest individuals. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
BEIJING: The number of billionaires in China has touched 300 by the end of 2013 mainly due to real estate boom, according to a new annual ranking of the wealthiest individuals in the communist nation, world's second largest economy.
The personal fortunes of 300 Chinese topped 10 billion yuan ($1.6 billion) in 2013, a new annual ranking of the wealthiest individuals by the Hurun Report of "China Rich List," said.
The wealth of 160 of the multi-billionaires is in the form of invisible assets, the report said.
It also counted 8,300 Chinese with wealth reaching one billion yuan, 200 more than a year earlier.
The number whose wealth tops 10 million yuan also surged by 40,000 to 1.09 million, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
The Hurun Report, a monthly magazine best known for its annual rich list, attributed the increase to the country's overall GDP growth and appreciation in the value of real estate.
It forecast the number of people in China with personal wealth topping 10 million yuan would reach 1.2 million in the next three years, it said.

UP police redfaced as court rejects Amit Shah charge sheetMuzaffarnagar court rejects Amit Shah charge sheet
Agencies  New Delhi, September 11, 2014
First Published: 15:06 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:27 IST(11/9/2014)
Comments
In an embarrassment to the UP Police, a Muzaffarnagar court on Thursday  rejected the charge sheet filed against BJP President Amit Shah on an alleged hate speech made by him.
Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate Sunder Lal refused to take cognisance of the charge sheet as police had not followed the provisions of 173[2] CrPc in which they did not try to arrest the accused before filing the charge sheet in court.
Police did not seek warrant or attachment proceedings against the accused under the provisions laid down under 173[2] CrPc, the court said.
Returning the charge sheet to remove errors, the court said police cannot filed charge sheet under section 188 IPC as it should be filed as a private complaint by the officer concerned, who had imposed prohibitory orders which were violated.
Shah was on Wednesday charge sheeted by the police for his alleged hate speech during campaigning here for the Lok Sabha elections.
The charge sheet was filed against 49-year-old Shah in the court of Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate Manoj Sidhu.
The charges were filed against Shah under Section 123(3) of Representation of the People Act for allegedly seeking votes on the grounds of religion, race, caste and community and under Section 188 of the IPC relating to disobedience to order promulgated by public servant.
The charge sheet had been filed under various sections of IPC, including 153A (promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, race, place of birth, etc.), 295A (deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings of any class) and 505 (false statement, rumour etc) circulated with intent to cause mutiny or offence against the public peace), and Section 123-3 of Representation of People Act (making an appeal to vote on the grounds of religion amounting to corrupt practice).
Police had registered a case against Shah for allegedly violating the model code following a direction from EC, which had also banned him from campaigning in the state on April 4.
Shah had landed in a major controversy for allegedly saying that the 2014 Lok Sabha polls were an opportunity to seek "revenge for the insult" inflicted during the riots in Muzaffarnagar last year.

IFC lends $50 mn to Continuum Wind EnergyBS Reporter |  Pune Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 04:22 PM IST
IFC lends $50 mn to Continuum Wind Energy
The financing will be used to construct a 170 megawatt wind power plant in Madhya Pradesh
IFC, a member of the World Bank Group, today announced that it will lend $50 million to two wholly-owned subsidiaries of Continuum Wind Energy (India) to expand access to clean energy, and help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. IFC also helped mobilise a loan of $100 million for the project from YES Bank.
The financing will be used to construct a 170 megawatt wind power plant in Madhya Pradesh. The subsidiaries - D J Energy Private Limited and Uttar Urja Projects Energy Private Limited - will develop the project. The project will annually generate 330 gigawatt hours of clean power to reach
300,000 people. The project will help avoid nearly 270,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions per year.
"We are delighted to receive support from IFC and YES Bank for our project. IFC's long-tenor financing, global renewable-energy expertise and validation of our project will go a long way in contributing to the growth of Continuum," said Arvind Bansal, CEO & Founder, Continuum Wind.
An estimated 300 million people, around one-fourth of India's population, lack access to electricity. The country suffers from power shortages with peak hour gaps varying between 9 to 13%. The government of India's National Action Plan on Climate Change has set a target of generating 15% of power from renewable energy sources by 2020. In India, IFC has
a committed portfolio of about $340 million in renewable energy projects.
Serge Devieux, Regional Director for South Asia, IFC, explained how this investment fits into IFC's goals in India. "By supporting this wind project, IFC will help expand access to clean power for many. IFC's investment in renewable energy in India will balance the country's energy mix, and improve its energy security," he said.
Continuum Wind, with the support of Morgan Stanley Infrastructure Partners, a global infrastructure investment fund, has achieved an aggregate operating capacity of about 150 MW, with 260 MW under construction and about 580 MW in development.
 Advertisements

according to BloombergActivision’s Destiny Has First Day Sales of $500 Million
By Sonali Basak 2014-09-10T23:34:40Z
Email Print
Save
Activision Blizzard Inc. (ATVI) , the largest U.S. video-game maker, said its highly-anticipated shooter title, Destiny, generated $500 million in revenue in its first day.
Destiny, in which players act as the guardians of the last city on Earth, went on sale at more than 11,000 midnight openings around the world on Sept. 9, Santa Monica , California-based Activision said today in a statement. At $60 a copy, it was the most pre-ordered game in history that wasn’t a sequel, according Cowen & Co. analyst Doug Creutz.
A strong start is crucial for Destiny. For most games of this genre, almost 40 percent of sales for the first year are generated within first five days of release, Creutz said. Activision is spending as much as $500 million to make and market Destiny, making it one of the industry’s most expensive games ever.
By comparison, last year’s Grand Theft Auto V generated $800 million worldwide for Take-Two Interactive Software Inc. (TTWO) on its first day last September, making it the biggest video-game debut.
Activision rose 0.3 percent to $23.81 at the close in New York. The shares have advanced 34 percent this year.
Mike Hickey , an analyst with Benchmark Co. in New York, said in an e-mail that the Destiny game was expected to draw 10 million players on its first day, after a record 4.6 million had tested the July beta release.
Photographer: Dan R. Krauss/Getty Images
A display for Activision Blizzard Inc.'s Destiny video game stands at the E3 Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles. Destiny is one of the industry’s most expensive games ever. Close
A display for Activision Blizzard Inc.'s Destiny video game stands at the E3 Electronic... Read More
Close
Open
Photographer: Dan R. Krauss/Getty Images
A display for Activision Blizzard Inc.'s Destiny video game stands at the E3 Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles. Destiny is one of the industry’s most expensive games ever.
The game was made in conjunction with Bungie Inc., the studio that created the Halo game for Xbox. It’s released for Sony Corp. (6758) ’s PlayStation and Microsoft Corp.’s Xbox consoles. The company is offering a version of the game bundled with a white PlayStation 4.
“Destiny, we think, will be the most successful new intellectual property that’s ever been released,” Chief Executive Officer Bobby Kotick said in an August interview.
To contact the reporter on this story: Sonali Basak in New York at sbasak7@bloomberg.net
To contact the editors responsible for this story: Anthony Palazzo at apalazzo@bloomberg.net James Callan, Ben Livesey
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.

Royal Bank of Scotland would moveAlex Salmond says the people of Scotland are "on the cusp of making history".
 
 
Referendum - Your Views
James: All of these banks and insurance companies threatening to move their headquarters to London says it all - London is obviously far too powerful to the drawback of the rest of the UK. Vote switched to Yes.
Elizabeth, Edinburgh: In response to Steve Donovan: The reason you didn't get a chance to vote is that this is a referendum about SELF-determination. It is for the people of Scotland and no-one else to decide if we want to leave the UK. Scotland is our country and this vote affects our futures. If the whole of the UK were allowed to vote it would effectively become a referendum about whether the people of England (population 53 million) want to 'expel' Scotland (population 5 million). The votes of those in Wales and N. Ireland, whose populations are even smaller than Scotland's, would barely count. Where's the democracy in that?
Simon, North Wales: I wholeheartedly agree with Steve in Manchester. I'm Welsh but with an English parent and even some distant Scottish blood further back. But I cannot believe the identity aspect for the rest of us has been so overlooked. I too am feeling that in a week's time my identity is going to potentially be ripped apart and taken from me without ever having been given the opportunity to stop it.
 
 
11:21: 'Moment to believe'
Mr Salmond predicts the will of the Scottish people a week from today will be for "a rich and ancient nation to once again take its place in the community of nations". He says: "This is it. The moment to believe. The moment to win."
 
 
11:18: Pensions 'secure'
Pensions will be secure in an independent Scotland, Mr Salmond adds. "Only a Yes vote delivers real opportunity."
 
 
11:17: 'Sense of purpose'
The First Minister says "the sense of purpose coursing through Scottish life is unmistakable. For the first time ever, Scots believe we can do this and we will do this."
 
 
11:13: Change of governance
Mr Salmond says the people of Scotland will endorse a Yes vote because they know they can govern better than Westminster.
Positive engagement rather than public schoolboy politics is the way to boost European Union relations, he adds.
 
11:10: 'Opportunity of a lifetime'
Alex Salmond describes creating an independent Scotland as "the opportunity of a lifetime".
"No one is better placed to govern Scotland than the people of Scotland. No one understands the aspirations of the people more," he added.
 
 
11:08: Salmond's belief
Mr Salmond says that, following the referendum, "we're going to wake up to a lifetime of feeling confident in ourselves and our country".
"A Yes vote next Thursday is not the end of something but the beginning of something special."
 
 
11:06: Salmond takes centre stage
First Minister Alex Salmond is speaking at a press conference for international media on the anniversary of the 1997 devolution referendum.
You can watch it here.
 
#bbcindyref Referendum - Get Involved Andrew Kerr BBC News
Tweets: Join me now for a BBC News referendum webchat - http://on.fb.me/ZhFbUJ #bbcindyref
 
 
10:55: Cable's big bank warning
Business Secretary Vince Cable has said an independent Scotland would not be able to prop up big banks in the event of another financial crisis.
"This relates to the need for large financial institutions to have a regulator and in some cases lender of last resort," Mr Cable told the House of Commons.
"A country the size of an independent Scotland would not be able to support those institutions."
 
Tweet using #bbcindyref Referendum - Get Involved Bryan Quinn BBC Scotland News
Giant two-storey high video wall being set up inside BBC Scotland ahead of referendum night...
 
 
Text using 80295 Referendum - Your Views
Deryck Cheyne (frae Aberdeen), Norfolk, UK: The financial heavyweights are now lining up to describe their contingency plans if Scotland votes Yes. The distinct flavour of their position is that of short-term job losses and longer-term financial uncertainty for Scotland, which is the failure virus for an economy. The panic Mr Salmond attributed to the No campaign has arrived well and truly in his headquarters! Still no plan for the economy from the SNP that holds up to any sort of scrutiny.
John Maclean: So RBS is to relocate its corporate office. Is that supposed to scare the people of Scotland into voting No? This is pathetic. I am an ex-pat living outside the UK. What I can tell you is that if there is a Yes vote I will be buying property in Scotland.
 
 
10:39: Salmond accuses Treasury of 'leak' Glenn Campbell BBC Scotland news
First Minister Alex Salmond has accused the Treasury of leaking details of an RBS notice to markets in breach of financial regulations.
Mr Salmond is writing a letter of complaint to the head of the civil service and the prime minister.
RBS has confirmed it has contingency plans to relocate its registered headquarters to London in the event of a Yes vote next Thursday.
But in a letter to staff, the bank's chief executive said he had no intention of moving operations or staff.
 
 
Text using 80295 Your views  - Morning Call
Louise, Borders: It is so frustrating that there is an overwhelming focus from Westminster and Better Together to look for uncertainties that may arise with independence. The Yes campaign has given more carefully thought-out plans for the future than any of the Westminster parties and is offering a higher level of accountability for its vision than expected of anyone else.
Jonathan: I'm becoming increasing disillusioned by the Referendum from a number of angles. There are still a multiple of unanswered questions from both North and South of the Border in a post independent Scotland era; financial, political, welfare and environmental to name a few. The United Kingdom should and must stay together, if only for the benefit of the 600,000 plus individual Scots without a vote.
Scott McCamley: I am undecided and frustrated with the lack of debate and comment around the subject of Law & Order, Crime & Punishment and the Welfare State. What are the SNP plans to tackle dole cheats, long-term claimants and returning people to work?
 
 
10:27: Salmond marks referendum anniversary
First Minister Alex Salmond is speaking at a press conference for international media on the anniversary of the 1997 devolution referendum.
Mr Salmond is marking the date on which Scots voted to re-establish a Scottish Parliament after 300 years.
You can watch the conference here.
 
 
10:24: Clydesdale Bank considers office switch
The Clydesdale Bank has confirmed it is considering moving its registered office to England in the event of a Yes vote.
The bank, which is part of the National Australia Group, said the announcement would address some of the uncertainties and risks should Scotland become an independent country.
 
Tweet using #bbcindyref Referendum - Get Involved
Ian Anderson tweets: Decision made. Will vote the way I want to.
Geoff Ruderham Esq: I have [decided how to vote] but I'll keep it between me and the ballot box.
 
 
Text 80295 Referendum - Your Views
Malcolm, Edinburgh: Why does Alex Salmond call the Yes campaign 'Team Scotland?' This suggests that anyone voting No is voting against Scotland and is not a true Scot. It's disgraceful.
George, Forfar: What's the bet that if we vote No there will suddenly be massive new oil and gas finds in Scottish waters?
Anonymous: To answer Jo in Edin, the point is that currency union would present a large risk for rUK. Why do you think UK governments have been so keen to avoid the Euro? It is clear: there will be no currency union despite all the insistence by the nationalists.
 
 
Referendum - Your Views
Colin Dickson: As a Scot living in France, and with no right to vote, what will happen when I need to renew my "UK Passport" in May of next year if the YES campaign wins??
Arthur: Alex Salmond both wants and doesn't want the union. He wants independence but then says he wants currency "union". The Euro shows you can't have currency union without political union.
Steve Donovan: I run a business in Manchester. My Mum was Welsh, my Dad was English and my name is Irish (my Dad was born to Irish immigrants) but my country is the UK. I have no reason to feel connected to Scotland but if there is a Yes vote I will feel like my identity has been ripped apart. Scotland is part of MY country. My problem with the "Scottish" referendum is that it's a "UK" issue, so what gives the Scots the sole authority to break up MY country and to make me redefine my identity? Why didn't I get a chance to vote on "do you want to break up the UK" or "should Scotland stay in the UK"?
 
#bbcindyref Referendum - Get Involved Andrew Kerr BBC News
tweets: Join me for a BBC News referendum webchat at 1100 - http://on.fb.me/ZhFbUJ #bbcindyref
 
 
Text 80295 Your views - Morning Call
Michael, Glasgow: Does Mr Swinney, like Mr Salmond, think tens of thousands of 16-year-olds should determine the future of this country? It's a scandalous decision.
Sally: In an independent Scotland would we need to borrow from the IMF? My worry is we break free from Westminster just to be beholding to this monster.
Danny, Ayr: Big businesses are always scared of uncertainty no matter what. Look at the general election: they comment on which party they prefer to benefit them. I'm still convinced they will not affect the Yes vote.
 
 
09:25: Baroness Liddell warns against Yes vote
The former Scottish Secretary and Labour MP, Baroness Liddell, has warned against "the huge gamble" of voting Yes on 18 September.
Baroness Liddell said the effects on the economy should not be underestimated.
"I find people saying, 'Oh, we'll give it a chance,' she said.
"This is a one-way street. This is a once in a lifetime decision and the consequences are likely to be very significant indeed.
"Not least on the economy, as today's announcements are showing.
"This is a huge gamble and, frankly, people are becoming very much aware of the scale of the risk."
 
 
Text using 80295 Referendum - Your Views
Prof Neil Mulholland, University of Edinburgh: The question on next week's ballot is 'Should Scotland be an independent country?' At the time of the Edinburgh Agreement, answering 'No' to this question was very clear. No simply meant 'I do not agree'. A No vote meant no change. Now, No means 'I agree and also agree to possible extra powers that are not in the ballot question.' I'm concerned that a 'No' has become ambiguous to the point that it invalidates the ballot. I also want to know what, if any, a 'No change' voter has?
Jo in Edin: Simple question here: if a currency union can go ahead and it suits England, Wales and Northern Ireland as well as Scotland, why, oh why would George Osborne be so obstinate in a currency union that harms the other members of the UK?
Anonymous: Brass plaque? Does that mean Westminster is only a "brass plaque" seeing as Scotland already has its own parliament?
 
 
09:07: Referendum - Get Involved
One week to decide Scotland's future. Join @BBCAndrewKerr for a BBC News Facebook Q&A today from 11:00 BST #indyref
 
 
08:55: Swinney tackles retailer concerns
Scottish Finance Secretary, John Swinney, has rubbished suggestions retailers in Scotland may have to charge higher prices should the country vote for independence.
The chairman of the John Lewis Partnership, Sir Charlie Mayfield, has told the BBC it's "highly likely" that higher costs of trading in Scotland would have to be passed on to shoppers. However, Mr Swinney insists that's not the view of other retailers.
Doubts raised by a number of financial institutions would be addressed if the UK Government agreed to a currency union, Mr Swinney went on.
He said he was confident, in the event of a Yes vote, that the UK Government would "rush to come to some sort of agreement" over the currency.
 
 
Tweet using #bbcindyref Referendum - Your Views
William Purves tweets: All these corporation threats will be reversed when Scotland reduces corporation tax and attracts them and more. #bbcindyref
Jamie McMillan says: RBS threat to move to London where they can be bailed out shows how much they are still subsidised by the UK taxpayer. #indyref #bbcindyref
Sean Gallagher tweets: There's record investment in Oil & Gas because they are trying to optimise a declining resource vote NO! #bbcindyref #inderef #indyref
 
 
08:53: Morning Call - Referendum special Louise White Presenter, Morning Call
Coming up on Morning Call, we are giving you the chance to put your question to John Swinney, the Scottish government's Finance Secretary, representing the Yes campaign.
With a week to go until the Referendum, have you made up your mind or do you remain undecided? Get in touch by calling 0500 92 95 00, text using 80295 or via email. The lines are open now.
You can listen live to the debate here.
 
 
Tweet using #bbcindyref Get Involved Ron Brown BBC News
tweets: 8,000 first time voters will fill these seats tonight for the big debate with @BBCJamesCook #indyref
 
 
08:45: What the papers say
With only seven days to the vote on Scottish independence, The Scotsman has backed the Better Together campaign.
The paper's front page carries the headline "Scotland Decides" above an editorial leader detailing why the paper has thrown its weight behind the No campaign.
Alongside the headline "Alex's Black Wednesday" the Daily Record's front page says that business experts are warning that economic uncertainty caused by independence could see major businesses move outside the country.
Elsewhere, the Scottish Sun leads with news that 100 MPs from pro-union parties have been booked on a train to Scotland in order to boost the drive to keep the UK intact.
 
 
08:32: Salmond denies jobs threat
First Minister Alex Salmond insists the announcements made by Lloyds and RBS will have "no impact on operations and jobs".
Mr Salmond also denied uncertainty in the markets was caused by the Scottish government's stance on a shared currency.
"Any uncertainty we have seen in the financial markets over the last two days is caused by two things," he told BBC Scotland.
"One is the unreasonable posture of the UK government who have refused to discuss this at any stage throughout the last two years.
"And secondly, the remarkable statement from Downing Street on Monday when they were facing stock market moves, where they said they had no contingency plans for Scottish independence."
Mr Salmond added: "We know the moves both from Lloyds and the Royal Bank of Scotland will have no impact on operations or jobs. They are about brass plaques.
"These are contingency plans and they make it quite clear in the statements that they make.
"And the way to avoid any uncertainty in the financial markets is for the United Kingdom to say, following the Edinburgh agreement which they signed, that they will sit down reasonably with the Scottish government after people in Scotland vote Yes in the referendum, and discuss these matters in the best interests of Scotland and the rest of the United Kingdom."
 
 
Text using 80295 Referendum - Get Involved
Nommy in Moray. I have already voted Yes! Have to say though that things aren't looking so good now. These businesses pulling out of Scotland, The Scotsman saying we are better together?? Where's the Yes campaign's counter-punch or ace up its sleeve? A weak approach so far in the last week!
Kris, Edinburgh: My family is mixed on Yes/No but sitting around the breakfast table this morning we all agree it feels like Scotland is being belittled by UK's media, corporate and political establishment. More likely to vote Yes as a result.
 
 
Referendum - Your Views
JCT: Why is it that everyone who puts forward the facts is said to be scaremongering? Alex Salmond's dream might be just that, let's live the reality as a united country with the many advantages of being Better Together.
Paul: What affect will it have on mortgages for us in Scotland going, by the Bank of England interest rates being so low over the years?
Anthony Robinson: As an ex-pat living in Mexico I get little opportunity to discuss the whole question. I really don't understand why Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland each have local parliaments but England doesn't. Were this to happen, then Westminster would become a sort of Federal body over the four countries (States?). That way equity might be restored. Additionally I would love to see the reaction if then, there were to be a referendum on 'Should England become independent?'
A Anderson: I must admit I don't know how the funding works at the moment, but, recently, our cyclists, athletes and swimmers have been performing really well, and I believe that this was, at least partially, as a result of better support. How might independence affect this?
 
 
08:07: Campaign train
Labour MPs have boarded a train to Glasgow to join Labour leader Ed Miliband and Better Together campaigners. They filled more than two coaches of the train that departed from Euston station this morning. Others are expected to travel from the rest of England and Wales.
 
 
08:05: Shop window
John Lewis Partnership chairman Sir Charlie Mayfield tells BBC Radio 4's Today programme that shoppers in Scotland are likely to face higher prices if the country votes in favour of independence.
"The debate has clearly become very, very fractious," he said. "As a businessman it's not my place to tell Scottish voters how to vote in next week's referendum.
"But I will say two things: from a business perspective there will be economic consequences to a Yes vote, not just in uncertainty but some of the turmoil we are hearing about.
"And it's also the case that it does cost more money to trade in parts of Scotland and therefore those hard costs, in the event of a Yes vote, are more likely to be passed on."
 
 
08:02: Bank view
Royal Bank of Scotland confirms it will relocate to London should Scotland votes for independence next week. The bank said in a statement that it believed it would be "necessary to re-domicile the bank's holding company".
The First Minister Alex Salmond says people should not be deterred by what he described as "scare stories".
 
 
08:00: Week to go Thomas McGuigan BBC Sport
Hello and welcome to the BBC's referendum live coverage with exactly a week to go before polls open and voters decide Scotland's future. We'll be bringing all the news related to the campaign until 18:00.
 

Welcome to the post-Edward Snowden eraBy Aaron Blake September 11 at 6:30 AM Follow @aaronblakewp
Edward Snowden (Barton Gellman for The Washington Post)
We're now just 15 months removed from Edward Snowden's first bombshell revelation about the United States' massive surveillance apparatus. But with Islamic extremists putting down roots in Syria and Iraq, Americans are very much reverting to a pre-Snowden attitude toward civil liberties.
Or perhaps we should call it "post-Snowden."
While the Snowden revelations led to a lot of American soul-searching when it came to just how much of our civil liberties we want to yield in the name of protecting ourselves from terrorism, the soul-searching has largely come to an end, according to a new poll.
The Pew Research Center poll shows 50 percent of Americans say the government has not gone far enough to protect the country, while 35 percent are more concerned about the government going too far to restrict civil liberties. That's the most pro-security posture Americans have had on this question since 2009 and one of the highest on record since Sept. 11, 2001.
In contrast, 10 months ago, in the midst of several big Snowden leaks, significantly more Americans favored the civil liberties emphasis (47 percent) over taking additional steps to secure the homeland (35 percent).
The reason for the shift? People are scared.
An NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll this week showed fears of American vulnerability to an attack is at its highest level since 9/11. Fully 47 percent of Americans think we're less safe than we were before 9/11 -- a scary thought if there ever was one. Only 26 percent say we're more safe.
A Washington Post-ABC News poll , meanwhile, showed 91 percent of people view the Islamic State as a serious threat to the United States' vital interests (not the same as a direct threat, I would note). About six in 10 (59 percent) say the extremist group is a "very serious" threat.
Given that very real fear, it's perhaps not surprising to see people willing to cash in some of their civil liberties in exchange for peace of mind when it comes to their safety.
But it also suggests the shift toward civil libertarianism and the criticism of the National Security Agency in the aftermath of all the Snowden revelations -- of which more could certainly come and change things again -- were very temporary. Kind of like the GOP's brief flirtation with non-interventionism .
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410431409/1410431409000/1410431409 tracking: {authors=Aaron Blake, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=welcome-to-the-post-edward-snowden-era, post_id=110583, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 10:30:09 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 10:30:09 AM

Expertise appreciatedUpdated: September 11, 2014 17:21 IST
Expertise appreciated
Maragatham Ramaswamy with Musiri and R. Venkataraman 1963.
(Top) Maragatham with Musiri and R. Venkataraman in 1963 and (below) the artist with D.K. Pattammal.
TOPICS
music
Maragatham Ramaswamy received the Best Teacher Award at this year’s Cleveland Aradhana.
She exemplifies the adage that education leads to humility. An unassuming individual, Maragatham Ramaswamy is the recipient of the Best Teacher Award at this year’s Cleveland Aradhana and Director of the Ragamalika School of Music in Chantilly, VA near Washington DC (www.ragamalika.net).
Maragatham was the youngest in a large, traditional Brahmin household that attached value to education. “We (girls) learned Carnatic music as a matter of routine,” she says. “Many completed post graduate degrees too. My three sisters and several cousins learned and practised singing, the veena and violin.” One elder sister, Kalaimamani Radha Narayanan, was a student of Dwaram Venkataswamy Naidu and a recipient of the Music Academy’s Papa Venkatramaiah Award.
Maragatham was a gold medallist from the Central College of Karnatic Music (currently Tamil Nadu Government Music College), when Musiri Subramania Iyer was the principal. He and Brinda amma were among her examiners. She had the privilege of learning singing from Ramnad Krishnan, KV Narayanaswamy, TM Thyagarajan and B. Rajam Iyer and the violin from MS Anantharaman, TN Krishnan, Varaghur Muthuswamy Iyer and later, from Lalgudi Jayaraman.
She received rave reviews for her performances from noted critics, Subbudu and NMN, and received awards for both vocals and violin at many sabhas including the Music Academy and Krishna Gana Sabha.
She learned one-on-one, for over 10 years, from Thanjavur S. Kalyanaraman, the brilliant protégé of GNB who further embellished and augmented that baani. “His was total commitment to teaching. In every lesson, he would demonstrate the distinguishing aspects of the raga and how to present it. He would then write out the song’s notation, every gamakam, every anuswaram – I merely have to glance at it now to recollect the whole song– such was his clarity,” she says with reverence.
She began teaching over 39 years ago. Overhearing her sing at home, a discerning neighbour insisted that she teach. Maragatham found teaching to be her calling, and has since expounded her extensive knowledge in India and the U.S. Combining discipline and affection, she coaxes the best out of her students. One of the earliest, Varalakshmi Anandkumar (later a disciple of D K Jayaraman), a regular in the Chennai concert scene, says, “Maragatham is why I pursued music – she taught me the basics, encouraged me constantly and demystified advanced aspects; there were no trade secrets – she shares all that she knows”.
Among the many awards and titles she has received includes the Sangeeta Acharya Ratnam from Kanchi Kamakoti Peetam and the Best Teacher Award from Sivan Arts Academy. Maragatham has also propagated Carnatic music among western audiences at the Smithsonian and US Army bases.

Srini sir  fyi.. 8200 pe hit 154 today.. almost more than double...212 Followers
srini sir,
FYI.. 8200 PE hit 154 today.. almost more than doubled from ur exit price & 8300 CE hit 10.5 today.. almost 50% loss from ur buy price.. don`t be adamant sir.. But now my advice for u is to hold 8200 CE till nifty hits 8140~8150.. then exit completely & then buy 8100 puts in truck loads.. if u still hope for 8300, 8400.. then god can`t save you..
P.S: As per my calls today Tech Mah, Auro pharma started their bearish journey..
*SDB 1984*
In reply to : srinivazan message
about 1 hr 16 min 57 sec ago

US Drug Patent Expiries to Benefit Indian Pharma Industry: Care RatingsLoan Guarantors Can Be Declared Wilful Defaulters: RBI
Mumbai: Expiry of drug patents in the US is great news for not only consumers but also the domestic pharmaceutical industry, where generics account for about 75 per cent of total sales, CARE Ratings said in a report released here on Wednesday.
Indian pharmaceutical companies have an opportunity to capitalise on the patent cliff and gain a greater share of the growing generics market.
At present, India accounts for nearly 40 per cent of generic drugs, over-the-counter products and 10 per cent of finished dosages used in the US.
During 2014-2016, about $92 billion worth of patented drugs are expected to go off-patent in the US as compared to $65 billion in 2010-12.
Indian companies' share in the US generics market has grown rapidly on the back of aggressive ANDA (abbreviated new drug application) filings, successful pursuit of Para-IV and capitalisation on patent expiries of blockbuster drugs.
Under US laws, ANDA filed with a Para-IV certification states that the generic company first-to-file a Para IV gets "exclusive rights" to sell the generic version of a branded drug for 180 days, with only the patent holder as the other player in the market.
Ranbaxy, Dr Reddy's and Lupin have been the most prolific filers for Para-IVs. Indian players with a robust product portfolio, filings and necessary manufacturing infrastructure are well placed to capitalise on this forthcoming opportunity, CARE Ratings said.
Indian companies have built a strong pipeline of products to be sold in the US. During 2013, Indian companies secured 39 per cent of total 400 ANDA approvals from the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as against 37 per cent of total 476 ANDA approvals during 2012.
As per experts, the industry size is expected to increase from $24.87 billion in 2013 to $47.88 billion by 2018 at a CAGR of 14 per cent, the report added.
Story first published on: September 10, 2014 23:08 (IST)

Kashmir floods: The 5 videos you must watchComments
The Jammu and Kashmir floods that have killed at least 200 people and left thousands stranded began to recede on Wednesday providing rescue teams a chance to evacuate those affected by the heaviest rainfall in the state in 50 years. 
At least 82,000 people have been rescued so far from different parts of J&K with the help of defence forces, citizens, state authorities and the National Disaster Force. Army Chief General Dalbir Singh on Wednesday reviewed the flood response and said troops will continue to work round the clock to evacuate people.
Tempers are rising amongst the locals; with some angry that relief efforts reached them six days after the floods began. Others complained about living conditions in the temporary relief camps. The real challenge now is to provide timely food, water and medical supplies to those left stranded.
Here's a compilaiton of five videos on the national calamity that you shouldn't miss.
"I am not responsible for the rains": Omar Abdullah to critics
Blame climate change for Kashmir flood misery: Sunita Narain
IAF continues to rescue Kashmir flood victims
Nation stands by Jammu and Kashmir flood victimes: Modi
Monsoon floods kill hundreds in India and Pakistan

160 km/hr: First high speed train on Delhi-Agra section in NovemberFirst high speed train on Delhi-Agra section in November 2014
By PTI | 11 Sep, 2014, 01.13PM IST
0
Share More
RCF General Manager Parmod Kumar said that shells of the first rake of high speed coaches had been manufactured.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
KAPURTHALA: The first high speed train with a speed of 160 kilometer per hour will run on Delhi-Agra section in the first week of November this year as Kapurthala Rail Coach Factory (RCF) is all set to roll out first rake of fourteen coaches of the train by the end of October this year.
RCF General Manager Parmod Kumar said that shells of the first rake of high speed coaches had been manufactured and the work was going on at fast pace to roll out the first rake by the end of October this year so that the first high speed train could run on Delhi-Agra section.
RCF engineers in consultations with Research Development and Standard organizations (RDSO) had made some changes in these coaches in designing of coupler system for more smoother ride than Shatabdi and Rajdhani coaches, installation of smoke and fire detection system, and automatic sliding of inner doors besides TV infotainment system in the executive chair cars with LED fittings on the back of chair cars.
He said that the approximate cost of one high speed coach would be between Rs 2.25 to 2.50 crore.
RCF had started working on designing the high speed coaches capable of running at a speed of 200 kilometer per hour by making some changes like automatic outer doors, changes in braking system and improved vestibules.
He said that high speed coaches manufactured in RCF for Shatabdi and Rajdhani express trains are capable of running at the optimum speed of 160 kilometer per hour.
The railway board and officials of railway department had already conducted a trial on these coaches on Delhi-Agra section at a speed of 160 kilometer and covered the 200 kilometer distance in 99 minutes few days ago, he said.
He said that railways has selected ten routes on which high speed trains would run as announced by railway minister in his budget speech.
He also said initially speed of these trains would be 160 kilometer on select rail routes and gradually speed would be enhanced up to 200 kilometer after upgrading the signaling system and barricading the area.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Unprecedented number of royal slur cases post Thai coup : AmnestyPrint
Press Trust of India | Bangkok | Posted: September 11, 2014 3:18 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 5:04 pm
An “unprecedented” number of people have been charged with insulting Thailand’s monarchy since the coup, Amnesty International said on Thursday, with 14 Thais indicted under the controversial lese majeste law in less than four months. Revered King Bhumibol Adulyadej, 86, is protected by one of the world’s toughest royal defamation laws – anyone convicted of insulting the king, queen, heir or regent faces up to 15 years in prison on each count.
“An unprecedented number of people have been charged with lese majeste offences… with fourteen charges or prosecutions initiated since the coup,” Amnesty said in a report about rights since the military takeover on May 22. The rights group said commentators calling for reform of the law or those previously jailed for royal defamation “appear to have been targeted” in the lists of people the junta required to report to them after seizing power.
Last month two activists were charged with breaching the law during a university play, which featured a fictitious monarchy, staged in October 2013 on the anniversary of a student-led uprising. In another recent case, a 28-year-old musician was sentenced to 15 years in jail for writing insulting Facebook posts about the monarchy between 2010 and 2011.
Junta chief and recently appointed prime minister, Prayut han-O-Cha, has said he was forced to take power after months of protests against Yingluck Shinawatra’s administration left 28 people dead and hundreds wounded, effectively paralysing her government.
In the days following the coup more than 570 people were officially ordered to report to authorities, according to Amnesty, which estimates the number would be higher if informal orders were recorded.

DGCA s findings due to lack of clarity in ru...ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: With DGCA cracking down on over 130 pilots of Jet Airways on charges of flouting training norms, the airline today said the aviation regulator's findings were due to "lack of clarity" in its rules.
"Some of the audit findings have resulted due to a lack of clarity in the regulatory interpretation of the processes," the private carrier said in a statement here.
A Jet spokesperson said the its senior management would meet the Director General of Civil Aviaton and his team "to discuss the ambiguity in some of the existing regulation and will work closely with DGCA to close all the findings".
"The airline welcomes the inputs of the regulator and confirms that it will comply with all established norms," the spokesperson said.
The Directorate General of Civil Aviation had on Saturday cracked down on Jet Airways after an audit of its pilots and cabin crew training programme and issued show cause notices to 131 pilots of the airline.
After the audit carried out by a three-member team, DGCA had issued the notices asking the pilots why their licences should not be suspended as they were flying without clearing their Pilot Proficiency Check (PPC) tests which have to be carried out every six months mandatorily. The tests ascertain the overall knowledge level and proficiency of a pilot.
DGCA also charged Jet's training and operations chiefs with "lack of supervision of flight crew training, no review of deficiencies recorded in training assessment forms and permitting release of flight crew for flying duties without corrective training".
The audit was carried out between August 20-22 after one of the airline's planes plunged several thousand feet while flying over Turkish airspace on the Brussels-Mumbai route on August eight.
The Jet spokesperson had said, "We are confident that our training meets all DGCA and international standards and that we will be able to resolve any discrepancies or address any observations."
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Jute industry seeks market scheme to boost exportsJayajit Dash |  Bhubaneswar Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 04:28 PM IST
Jute industry seeks market scheme to boost exports
With Bangladesh blunting the edge of domestic jute manufacturers in the export market, the jute industry has urgently pitched for an external market assistance scheme
With Bangladesh blunting the edge of domestic jute manufacturers in the export market, the jute industry has urgently pitched for an external market assistance scheme.
The industry feels the scheme, pending with the Union textiles ministry for three years, can help increase its share of exports.
"The external market assistance scheme was suggested by the National Jute Board (NJB) and it is currently pending with the Union textiles ministry. In the absence of the scheme, we have been reduced to residual sellers in the global market. We are not in a position to compete with Bangladesh which offers 10% cash subsidy to its exporters", said Raghav Gupta, chairman, Indian Jute Mills Association (Ijma), the apex body of the industry.
Indian jute manufacturers ship around 0.2 million tonne of jute goods for the overseas market valued at Rs 2,000 crore. Bangladesh on the contrary, exports 0.8 million tonne of jute products worth Rs 5,000 crore. During 2013-14, no raw jute was exported from India while Bangladesh exported both raw jute and jute goods.
Besides threat from their counterparts in Bangladesh, the jute manufacturers were let down by political turmoil in major jute bags importing countries like Thailand and Syria that has led to loss of nearly 75,000 tonne of export demand.
Rising imports from Bangladesh was also a worrying factor. Under the SAARC treaty, there is no custom duty applicable on jute goods imports from Bangladesh, thereby creating a non-level playing field between jute bag manufacturers of India and Bangladesh.
The cash subsidy of 10% on jute goods exports from Bangladesh is also applicable to exports made to India. Under the SAARC treaty, there is zero duty on import of jute goods from Bangladesh. As a result, subsidised jute goods from Bangladesh is flooding the Indian market.
Ijma has called for imposition of a countervailing duty on imports of jute goods from Bangladesh, to the tune of subsidy extended by the Bangladesh government to ensure a level playing field for Indian jute bag manufacturers.
 Advertisements

Scots vote poses threat to EU integrationSeptember 11, 2014 6:02 am
Risk from Scots vote throws investors
By Ralph Atkins in London
A ‘Yes’ outcome could bring wider push for regional independence
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/733d4c7e-38de-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why Europe has to wait for Apple PayApple Pay is here, so why does Europe have to wait?
By Stuart Miles, Special to CNN
September 10, 2014 -- Updated 1126 GMT (1926 HKT)
Apple Pay is a contactless payment system that lets users make in-store purchases using their iPhone. Announced at the iPhone 6 launch, Apple Pay will initially roll out only in the United States, but it will instantly become a major player in the alternative payment arena.
Google launched its "Wallet" mobile payment in 2011. It can store all your credit cards and gift cards on your phone.
Visa payWave for Mobile is another contactless payment system aiming to make transactions faster. It simply requires users to wave their device in front of a contactless terminal to complete their purchase.
While not a contactless system, Coin is a digital card that stores information for all the other cards in your wallet. All you need to do is use Coin's digital display to select which one you would like to pay with.
In future, Apple Pay will work with Apple watches, which are scheduled to be available early next year.
The Apple Watch was announced at the iPhone 6 launch. Specs, including memory, battery life and screen resolution, are yet to be revealed.
The iPhone 6 is available in two sizes, including the 5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus.
HIDE CAPTION
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
Apple introduced its iPhone-linked payment system at its iPhone 6 launch
But Apple Pay's rollout is initially only in the U.S., despite demand in Europe and Asia
Stuart Miles says one reason might be Europe's established use of contactless payment
But, now Apple is involved, the industry will likely get a big boost
Editor's note: Technology journalist Stuart Miles is CEO and founder of gadget review website Pocket-lint. He can be found tweeting at @stuartmiles.
Cupertino (CNN) -- The days of Apple just making your favorite gadgets are over. The company is about to enter the payments services arena taking on PayPal, Google, Facebook, Amazon and others in offering a way to allow you to pay using their system.
One of Apple's big plays at its event in Cupertino was a fingerprint scanner for the newest iPhones, which will allow shoppers to ditch the magnetic strip when they shop in store. But the initial rollout of Apple Pay, in October, is only in the U.S.
European and Asian banking systems are already embracing contactless payment, so it's strange Apple has chosen to focus on its home turf of America first rather than push for an immediate global release.
Apple Pay turns iPhone into credit card
It means customers outside of the U.S. won't yet benefit from the new features, and puts Apple in a situation whereby if it doesn't move quickly, customers will be happy enough with a card that has the same powers instead.
Apple Pay emulates your wallet digitally, and will work with a number of retail stores and banks in the U.S. to allow you to pay with your phone, or in the future your watch.
But rather than gear a system towards skimming off the top, or trying to understand users' buying behavior, Apple is -- presumably -- making the move to sell more devices.
Apple was very clear in telling those that watched its event that it won't track or store information about where you shop, what you buy, or how much those purchases cost.
Apple's pitch was about empowering the banks and stores.
A history of the cell phone
Its decision to roll out in the U.S. first could be because the need isn't so great elsewhere. In the UK, many banks now offer contactless payment cards as standard, while Chip and Pin, rolled out across Europe some time ago, has also been incredibly successful in reducing over the counter fraud.
See Apple's iPhone 6 in :60
It could also be about Europe's limit on contactless payments. Trying to explain that you can only use your phone for small purchases is a complicated sell and one that means you aren't likely to ditch your bank cards altogether. In the U.S., there is no limit.
See the new Apple Watch in 60 seconds
But will Apple's delay in rolling the service out elsewhere allow others to capitalize on the gap in the market? Having seen Apple's new system up close, it is unlikely.
However, Apple's decision to finally jump into the NFC tap-to-pay arena now legitimizes the experience and will only accelerate the adoption of the technology.
Is an idea that Visa Europe shares. Steve Perry, the company's chief digital officer, said Apple's entry to the market represents a critical piece of the mobile payments jigsaw. He called it a "pivotal moment" for digital payments, demonstrating the "momentum behind mobile and contactless services."
It might have taken seven years to get here, but he said Apple's decision to enter the market "reflects the scale of opportunity that exists in digital payments today." Apple's support will drive usage of contactless services around the world and he anticipates what he calls a "halo effect" benefiting all mobile payments players.
That might sound an exaggeration, but so far contactless payments have very much been a chicken and egg scenario.
Companies have waited for mobile phone manufacturers to get on board, and mobile phone makers have delayed getting on board because of a lack of infrastructure.
Apple clearly believes that in the U.S. at least, that tipping point has been reached. With the introduction of TouchID last year, Apple had the right technology in place to make it a decent proposition to the banks on the security front.
And with Apple now involved, European and Asian banks will no doubt be knocking on the Cupertino-based company's door begging to be involved.

Rajan warns of reversal of global low intere...RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan warns of abrupt reversal of global low interest rates
By Reuters | 11 Sep, 2014, 04.39PM IST
Greater worry was that by altering the price of capital for a substantial period of time we are also distorting investment decisions and the nature of economy we will have.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan , who had predicted the 2008 financial meltdown, has said that abrupt reversal of low interest rates globally could create substantial amounts of damage and that it should be done in predictable and careful way.
He was also worried that altering the price of capital for substantial period of time distorts investment decision and the nature of the economies.
"We're in the hole we are in. To reverse it by changing abruptly would create substantial amounts of damage. So I'm with (US Federal Reserve ) officials in saying that as we get out of this, let's get out of this in a predictable and careful way, rather than in one go," he told Time magazine.
He was asked whether quickly reversing low rates could backfire.
Asked whether super easy money has led to misallocation of capital, he said his greater worry was that by altering the price of capital for a substantial period of time, "are we also, in a sense, distorting investment decisions and the nature of economy we will have.
"Have we artificially kept the real rate of interest somehow below what should be the appropriate natural rate of interest today and created bad investment that is not the most appropriate for the economy?"
To a question whether long term low interest rate mean trouble, Rajan said his sense was that monetary policy can do only so much and beyond a certain point it does more damage than good.
A number of years over central bankers have convinced markets that they will continuously come to their rescue and will keep rates really low for long that has pushed asset prices beyond fundamentals and made markets much more vulnerable to adverse news, he said.
Asked about the lack of coordination in the global financial system led by the US, he said the US should recognise that actions of emerging economies to protect themselves over the long run have come back to affect the US.
He said there was room for greater dialogue on how these policies should be conducted not just to be nice but because in the medium run it was in the US' own self interest.
"If you are not careful about the volatility you create, others will have to respond, and everybody is worse off," he said.

Wat best rate for two apples and juicy redcherry pl to have ideaCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Mecklai Financials CEO on Outlook AheadYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Mecklai Financials CEO on Outlook Ahead
Published On:                  September  5, 2014                 | Duration: 13 min, 49 sec

Home Secretary rushes to Srinagar to coordinate rescue operationPrint
A team of officers led by the Home Secretary left for Srinagar to coordinate relief and rescue operations, official said.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 2:59 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 3:04 pm
In the wake of allegations of tardy pace in rescue and relief measures, Union Home Secretary Anil Goswami on Thursday rushed to Srinagar to coordinate these operations in Jammu and Kashmir, hit by massive floods.
Goswami left for Srinagar a day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi directed that total support be provided to the state government to deal with the natural calamity.
“A team of officers led by the Home Secretary left for Srinagar to coordinate relief and rescue operations,” a Home Ministry official said. Goswami, who hails from Jammu and Kashmir, is expected to guide the central and state government’s efforts for rescue and relief measures for lakhs of people who are still stranded in many flood-affected areas in the Valley, the official said.
Chairing a high-level emergency meeting to review relief operations in the state, Modi had emphasised that immediate attention be given to providing basic necessities like food and water to the people severely affected by the calamity.
The Prime Minister has directed that top priority be given to provision of essential commodities to affected people in Srinagar town. A total of 82,000 people have been pulled out in a continuing multi-agency mammoth operation even as an estimated five to six lakh people still await help.

Supplies of Russian gas to PolandRussia reduces gas exports to Poland
A Ukrainian gas installation - there are worries about winter deliveries
Russia's gas supplies to Poland have dropped by 45%, Poland's state gas firm PGNiG says, amid tensions over Ukraine.
The news came just hours after Poland stopped providing gas to Ukraine through "reverse-flow" pipelines.
The Russian gas volumes were 24% lower on Tuesday and 20% lower on Monday, according to PGNiG. That shortfall prompted Poland to halt reverse-flow.
Poland and Ukraine rely heavily on Russian natural gas. Russia is in a pricing dispute over gas with Ukraine.
Some analysts believe Russia, which stopped gas supplies to Ukraine in June over the pricing dispute, is punishing Poland for sending gas to Ukraine.
Ukrainian forces have been fighting pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine since April, after the separatists declared independence in two regions.
Russia has denied arming the rebels and sending soldiers across the border.
On Wednesday Russia's state gas monopoly Gazprom denied Poland's allegation that it had reduced gas supplies.
"Currently exactly the same volume of gas is being delivered to Poland as on previous days - 23m cubic metres daily," Gazprom said in a statement (in Russian) quoted by Russia's Ria Novosti news agency.
Hungary and Slovakia pump much more gas to Ukraine than Poland via reverse-flow, but they have not yet reported a significant drop in their supply from Russia.
Earlier this year Gazprom and Russian President Vladimir Putin warned of consequences if EU member states went ahead with reverse-flow deliveries to Ukraine.
Mr Putin argued that such deliveries would undermine existing gas contracts with the EU.
The Russian business daily Kommersant reports (in Russian) that this week Poland asked for extra Russian gas supplies because of a cold snap, but Gazprom refused, saying it did not have enough gas to pump into Russia's underground storage tanks.
More on This Story

Restaurants in KolkataSubscribe to our burrptastic newsletter
You are now subscribed to our newsletter - thank you!
FOLLOW US ON

Swiss watch industry sees no threat from Apple WatchHi Guest
Swiss watch industry sees no threat from Apple Watch
Apple Inc's iPod upended the music industry, and its iPhone knocked Nokia off its smartphone perch, but Swiss watch makers breezily dismissed warnings that the technology giant's new wristwatch gadget could do something similar to them. "They are essentially transient products rather than items of enduring value," one Swiss watch industry expert sniffed. Franz Tuerler, owner of a luxury watch store on Zurich's main shopping boulevard, Bahnhofstrasse, said the appeal of Apple watches would be to ...

Felt liberated on setting up Multiples: Renuka RamnathFelt liberated on setting up Multiples: Renuka Ramnath
September 4, 2014
Renuka Ramnath, founder , MD and CEO, Multiples Alternate Asset Management says it is a big liberation from being an employee at ICICI Ventures to setting up Multiples.

Loved working with my father: ArjunKapoorArjun Kapoor is excited about his English language Bollywood entertainer 'Finding Fanny'.
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 11, 2014 4:29 pm
Actor Arjun Kapoor enjoyed the experience of working in ‘Tevar’, co-produced by his father Boney and uncle Sanjay, as they didn’t impose any pressure on him.
“‘Tevar’ is about a simple boy and his love story. It’s emotional and overwhelming. I loved working with my father and uncle. None of them put any pressure on me and gave me my space to perform as an actor,” Arjun told IANS.
Directed by Amit Sharma, ‘Tevar’ also features Sonakshi Sinha in the female lead.
In Pics: Deepika, Arjun shake their bootiya
Meanwhile, Arjun is excited about his English language Bollywood entertainer ‘Finding Fanny’, which was a new experience for him.
He says when a Hindi actor does an English film, he tries to stress on the words to get the lines across. But director Homi Adajania wanted all actors to be as free in their dialogue delivery as possible.
“Homi was like, ‘What are you all doing? Just forget that you are not doing a Hindi film…make it like a conversation’,” recalled Arjun, who will be seen in the film with Deepika Padukone, Dimple Kapadia, Pankaj Kapur and Naseeruddin Shah.
The film releases Friday.
Tevar' is about a simple boy and his love story. It's emotional and overwhelming. I loved working with my father and uncle.

Next Gen to steer Sundaram ClaytonBS Reporter |  Chennai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 04:44 PM IST
Next Gen to steer Sundaram Clayton
Sudarshan Venu and sister Lakshmi Venu appointed as Joint Managing Directors of TVS Motor's holding company
A day after Sudarshan Venu was appointed as joint managing director of TVS Motor Company, Sundaram Clayton the holding company of TVS Motor, today appointed Sudarshan and his sister Lakshmi Venu as Joint Managing Directors.
 
Considering the increasing business of the company and its subsidiaries the decisions were taken and both of them will be functioning under the advice and guidance of their father Venu Srinivasan, chairman and managing director of TVS Motor and Sundaram Clayton. These appointments are effective from September 11, 2014, said the company.
 
Lakshmi Venu, who is the daughter-in-law of Infosys Narayan Murthy, has been redesignated as Sundaram Clayton's Joint Managing Director. she is currently the Director-Strategy in the rank of Managing Director.
 
Sudarshan Venu is currently a non-executive director of the company and has been promoted as the Joint Managing Director.
 
In her current position Lakshmi Venu was responsible for exploring business opportunities and expansion, in domestic and international market.
 
She underwent her initial training for three years as a management trainee at Sundaram Auto Components Ltd, a subsidiary of Sundaram Clayton, in 2003.  Lakshmi is a graduate from Yale University, and holds a doctorate in engineering management from the University of Warwick.
 Advertisements

Expect gold prices to trade sideways: Sushil FinanceLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect gold prices to trade sideways: Sushil Finance
Gold prices are expected to trade sideways as the expectation that the U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banks would hike interest rates earlier than expected could drag prices and at the same time strong dollar against the Rupee could push prices up, says Sushil Finance.
Post your opinion here
Sushil Finance's report on Bullion
GOLD
Gold fell 0.6 percent on Wednesday, trading near its lowest in seven months at just over $1,240 an ounce, pulled down by fears that encouraging economic data could prompt the U.S. Federal Reserve to raise interest rates sooner than expected. News Russia had removed the bulk of its forces from Ukraine also dampened safe-haven demand, fueling hopes for peace after a conflict that has taken more than 3,000 lives.
Outlook
We expect gold prices to trade sideways as the expectation that the U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banks would hike interest rates earlier than expected could drag prices and at the same time strong dollar against the Rupee could push prices up.
SILVER
Silver pared its earlier gains in the later part of the day and closed flat. Investors were anticipating a more hawkish stance on monetary policy from the Fed's Open Market Committee (FOMC) at its next policy meeting on Sept. 16-17, after a study from the San Francisco Fed released on Monday showed that investors underestimated the speed at which the Fed might raise rates.
Outlook
We expect Silver prices to trade sideways as the expectation that the U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banks would hike interest rates earlier than expected could drag prices and at the same time strong dollar against the Rupee could push prices up.
For all commodities report, click here
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Fixed deposits - the road to long-term profitParvathi Krishnan
Let's begin with what is a fixed deposit?
Banks attract investors by offering them a higher rate of interest if an amount is kept with them for an assured time. They are termed 'fixed deposits' because the terms of commitments are decided ahead of the investment.
According to investor words, In exchange for not withdrawing the money during the agreed-upon period of time, the bank pays the depositor a larger amount of interest than would be earned from a standard unfixed deposit.
Pros
-The period of investment is fixed and known. You can keep a track of the maturity date to receive this fixed deposit payment.
-Since the amount you invest and the interest earned is fixed, you know the value of the deposit when it matures. Even if the bank reduces its deposit rates, you continue to earn at the assured rate, till maturity. This knowledge keeps surprises at bay, which can be very helpful in planning. You can set aside what you can invest and then you are sure to know what you will get after the fixed deposit term ends.
-Fixed deposits are liquid investments and are easily accessible. There are no hassles about putting in or withdrawing on maturity. Investment is as easy as operating a normal bank account, and on maturity, the amount can be automatically credited to your regular account.
-There are no hidden charges, no brokerage or service charges. What you see is what you get.
 
-When there are no uncertainties, planning is that much easier.
 
Cons
-But, fixed deposits do not cover you against inflation. So, the value of your investment does not grow as it should.
-The interest income is taxable in your hands. As a result, the return is lower than the ostensible rate. If you are entitled to a 9 percent rate and you are in the 20 percent slab for taxes, what you get is 7.2 percent return.
-As the rates are fixed, when the bank revises the interest rate upwards, you do not automatically benefit—either you wait till your deposit matures, or you have to foreclose the deposit. If you choose to close the deposit before maturity you have to pay a penalty, which may not be favourable to you.
-In case of any emergency, though withdrawal is permissible, the interest attracts a penalty.
-The principal amount does not grow at a fast enough pace. Because of erosion in value, and as the interest is fixed, to reach a targeted amount, the saving has to be high.
First Published: Wednesday, September 10, 2014, 15:01

What is going to happen after 6 months all chickens will dieCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Eveready Industries Up Over 500% in a YearYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Eveready Industries Up Over 500% in a Year
Published On:                  September  9, 2014                 | Duration: 12 min, 03 sec
Tweet
In an exclusive interview with NDTV Profit, Amritanshu Khaitan MD of Eveready, which is anchoring dry cell industry with a 50 per cent market share, spoke about how industry dynamics has improved as Chinese imports have waned-off and industry has taken four rounds of price rise of 4-5 per cent in last 12-15 months.

GM to launch 40 new cars in India  other mar...General Motors Co to launch 40 new cars in India, other international markets
By Reuters | 11 Sep, 2014, 03.27PM IST
0
Share More
The US carmaker "sees a lot of opportunities in India from a market perspective," Chief Executive Mary Barra told reporters in the Indian capital. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: General Motors Co plans to launch 40 new cars in India and in other international markets excluding China, north America and Europe, Chief Executive Mary Barra said on Thursday.
The US carmaker "sees a lot of opportunities in India from a market perspective," Barra told reporters in the Indian capital. The company has started exporting cars from India to Chile , she added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

HP Elitebook Folio 1040 G1 review: This is top endstuffHP Elitebook Folio 1040 G1 is clearly meant for upper management business users and packs several security features as well as a dock connection option.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 4:51 pm
I have been a big fan of Ultrabooks every since the day they were launched. Despite my reservations with their pricing, I have felt that these are the devices that we need to carry to get work done. Ask me, for I have been using one for the past couple of years and managing wonderfully well. Ultrabooks are light, powerful and functional, making them the perfect next generation laptops. But despite the push the got from Intel as well as most of the EOMs, they have not really flown off the shelves. The biggest impact of Ultrabooks has been in forcing manufacturers to make the average laptop thinner and lighter.
I have got to test an Ultrabook after a really long gap. And the HP Elitebook Folio 1040 G1 seems to have been well worth the wait.
Full specs: 14-inch diagonal HD+ anti-glare SVA (1600 x 900), Windows 7 Professional 64, Intel Core i7 4600U 2.10 GHz with DDR3L SDRAM 4GB RAM, 128GB SSD ROM, Intel HD5 Graphics 4400, 1 USB 3.0, 1 USB 3.0 Charging, DisplayPort 1.2, Micro-SD card reader supports SD, SDHC, SDXC, 6-Cell (42Whr) polymer long life battery, 1.49 kg
Design
The Elitebook Folio 1040 G1 is close to being a textbook Ultrabook. It is thin at a maximum thickness of 0.63 inches and weighs just 1.49 kg despite being 14-inch laptop. I am sure a lot of people who lug 2.5-laptops to office and back home every day will be sacking their lips in anticipation. But despite being thin, the G1 has a solid built. The matte aluminium unibody design will withstand much more than the  rigours of your day in the office. The speaker grille is above the keyboard and is flanked by the power and volume/wireless buttons. The keyboard is full-size and backlit. The keys have the right amount of travel and reminded me a lot of the Mac series. There is a fingerprint scanner just under the keys as if to remind you that this is an upper management sort of device. There is also a smartcard reader for those who need more security.
However, the biggest feature in the design is the innovative multi-gesture touchpad which lets you do much more than pinch and swipe. The trackpad can record two different finger movements letting you do things like drag and drop. It takes a few minutes to get used to, but it easy once mastered. However, you will have some initial trouble moving from a regular trackpad as this one done to have click buttons.
HP claims its travel-tough hardware that passes 12 MIL-STD 810G tests such as drop, shock, vibration, sand, humidity, altitude, and freeze/thaw, but I couldn’t risk testing any of the above.  The device is also compatible with Ultra Slim docks for those who will be using this as a desktop replacement.
Display
The review device was the entry model in this range and came with a 14” diagonal HD+ anti-glare SVA (1600 x 900p), but there is a Full HD version if you are willing to spend more. At this price point, however, I would have expected HP to pack a 1080p screen, especially since they haven’t added touch. However, the HD screen is good enough for the average business user. The viewing angles are a bit tight, especially if you are watching video. The G1 speakers are good enough for you to make a presentation in a large room and that is a huge plus. So the end of the Beats partnership does not seem to have really hit HP in the audio department.
Performance
This might sound like exaggeration, but the G1 does pack a punch. The Intel Core i7 4600U clocked at 2.10 GHz is as good as it gets in a chassis of this size. All that power does mean the G1 has a bigger thermal footprint and does heat up after almost an hour of continuous work. But it does not feel wanting even for a second, whatever you might be up to. Multi-tab browsing, working on large spread sheets, editing high-res photographs… nothing will stump this device. This is among the most powerful Ultrabooks I have seen and there are not a lot of them around these days.
But the G1 that I had did not run Windows 8.1 out of the box and instead had Window 7 Pro version. This could explain why there was no touchscreen, there was no need for one.
The G1 has decent battery life, though nowhere near the 10 hours that was once promised of Ultrabooks. With very heavy internet and multi-media usage I got about 5 hours out of this one. With a lower volume and dimmer screen, I was able to squeeze in an hour more.
This version comes with 128GB of SSD storage and that is what keep this so light and fast.
Verdict
The HP Elitebook Folio 1040 G1 is by no means a cheap device with a starting price tab of Rs 90,000. However, this device is clearly meant for upper management business users and packs several security features as well as a dock connection option. In that range, this is definitely among the best devices available in the market.

SIAM criticises CCI order of penalty on auto companiesSIAM criticises CCI for imposing penalty on auto companies
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 12:34 IST
The Delhi High Court has already put on hold the CCI order imposing a fine on Maruti Suzuki (Photo: Reuters)
Auto industry body Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) on Thursday slashed out at the recent order by Competition Commission of India (CCI) imposing a penalty of Rs 2,545 crore on 14 car companies over availability of spare parts in aftermarket saying it "completely ignored" safety of consumers.
SIAM also said the instance showed how government departments work in isolation with narrow mandates.
Addressing the annual convention of auto component makers ACMA, SIAM President Vikram Kirloskar said "the safety of consumers has been completely ignored by the CCI" as the current structure of spare parts in aftermarket is "just not structured" in terms of ensuring consumer safety.
Kirloskar further said the CCI order was also a "demonstration of government departments working in isolation" and each "working on narrow mandates".
He said at present the country does not have any norms and quality standards for setting up independent auto repair garages.
"There is a wide chasm between strict quality standards of OEMs and the independent free for all garages," Kirloskar said.
He further said it was premature to talk of a European style of norms for spare parts in aftermarket in India as requisite safety standards were not in place.
"If we put cart before the horse, we will be severely compromising the safety of consumers," Kirloskar said.
Last month, the CCI had slapped a total penalty of Rs 2,545 crore on 14 car makers, including Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors and Mahindra & Mahindra, for violating trade norms in the spare parts and after services market.
While the Delhi High Court has already put on hold the CCI order imposing a fine on Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors and M&M have said they would challenge the order.

NTPC Board Clears Over Rs 10 000 Crore InvestmentYou are here: Home Corporates
NTPC Board Clears Over Rs 10,000 Crore Investment
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 10, 2014 21:16 (IST)
Card Payment Network RuPay Sees Boost From Government Banking Scheme
New Delhi: NTPC's board of directors has approved investment of over Rs 10,000 crore for executing two thermal plants.
"Investment in Tanda Super Thermal Power Project in Uttar Pradesh at an appraised current estimated cost of Rs 9,188.98 crore has been sanctioned," NTPC, India's largest power producer, said in a regulatory filing.
An appraised current estimated cost of Rs 1,381.84 crore for the Rammam Hydro Electric Project in West Bengal has also been approved.
The company recently signed an agreement with the Andhra Pradesh government for setting up a mega solar  power unit with 1,000 MW capacity at Ananthapur.
NTPC aims to set up 3,000 MW of solar power projects over the next 3-3.5 years.
The company, which has installed capacity of 43,128 MW, is executing thermal power projects worth 22,000 MW and another 8,000-10,000 MW capacity is in pipeline.
Story first published on: September 10, 2014 21:11 (IST)

Josey Puliyenthuruthel delivers speech at MPW eventMPW judge Leo Puri, MD of UTI AMC speaks about Kaku Nakhate and why she is one of the most powerful women in business.
Advertisement

Sanjay Gupta to work with Anupam Kher after 19yearsSanjay Gupta to work with Anupam Kher after 19 years
Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 11, 2014 4:36 pm
Director Sanjay Gupta and prolific actor Anupam Kher are all set to work together after 19 years.
Anupam turned out to be an ideal choice for a pivotal role in Aishwarya Rai’s comeback film ‘Jazbaa’, which Gupta is going to direct from January 2015.
“It’s a role only Anupam can play. I had worked with him 19 years ago in the second film of my career, ‘Ram Shastra’. After that, there was no solid opportunity to direct Anupam. So, I am really looking forward to working with him again,” Gupta said.
Incidentally, it was ‘Woodstock Villa’, co-produced by Gupta and Ekta Kapoor, which launched Anupam’s son Sikandar in the film industry.
It's a role only Anupam can play. I had worked with him 19 years ago in the second film of my career, 'Ram Shastra'.

South African court rules Pistorius not guilty of murderSouth African court rules Pistorius ‘not guilty’ of murder
PTI
REUTERS Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius reacts during judgement at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria, September 11. _ Reuters
Pretoria, Sept 11:  
‘Blade Runner’ Oscar Pistorius was found not guilty of the murder of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp today as a South African judge dismissed the most serious charges against him.
“The state clearly has not proved beyond reasonable doubt that the accused is guilty of premeditated murder,” Thokozile Masipa said, before dealing with the lesser charge of culpable homicide — also known as manslaughter.
“Viewed in its totality the evidence failed to establish that the accused had the requisite intention to kill the deceased, let alone with premeditation,” said Masipa.
“Clearly he did not objectively foresee this as a possibility, that he would kill the person behind the door,” she said as she later dismissed the lesser charge of common murder.
The 27-year-old sat in the dock bowed and burying his head in his hands after the finding was made.
Pistorius was charged with one count of murder and three firearms offences over the killing on Valentine’s Day 2013.
He could still be found guilty of culpable homicide, carrying anything from a suspended sentence to a lengthy prison stretch, or he could be acquitted.
A charge of premeditated murder would have meant a life sentence in South Africa’s notoriously brutal jails.
‘Evasive’
Pistorius had grimaced and sniffled as he watched Masipa call Pretoria’s High Court to order and read her verdict.
Both defence and prosecution agree Pistorius killed the law graduate and model when he fired four shots through a locked toilet door in his upmarket Pretoria home.
But the sprinter says he thought he was shooting at an intruder while Steenkamp was safely in bed.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Snowman Logistics IPO to list on FridaySep 11, 2014, 05.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Snowman Logistics IPO to list on Friday
Snowman Logistics, an integrated temperature controlled logistics service provider company is going to list its equity shares tomorrow (September 12) on the BSE and NSE, which was opened for subscription on August 26, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Snowman Logistics IPO to list on Friday
Snowman Logistics, an integrated temperature controlled logistics service provider company is going to list its equity shares tomorrow (September 12) on the BSE and NSE, which was opened for subscription on August 26, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Equity shares of Snowman Logistics is going to list on Friday (September 12) on the BSE and the NSE. The company has fixed issue price at higher end of price band of Rs 44-47 a share.
The issue, which was opened for subscription during August 26-28, had received strong response from investors, oversubscribing 60 times.
Snowman Logistics, an integrated temperature controlled logistics service provider, raised little over Rs 197 crore through the issue of 4.2 crore equity shares.
The issue proceeds will be used towards setting up new temperature controlled and ambient warehouses, long term working capital, and for general corporate purposes.
As of March 31, 2014, operations of the company comprised 23 temperature controlled warehouses across 14 locations across the country and have a work force of 1,490.
RELATED NEWS

The best of IFA 2014  BerlinThe best of IFA 2014, Berlin
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: September 8, 2014 5:25 pm
Related

Two iPhones  but here is why the world is looking at the Apple Watch this timeThe Apple Watch is priced $349 onwards, but will hit the market only next year.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 10, 2014 12:38 am | Updated: September 10, 2014 1:23 pm
It is not always that Apple launches not one, but two new iPhones and still some other device gets all the eyeballs. But it has happened this time and it is a device called the Apple Watch . Yes, Apple finally launched the much anticipated smartwatch which everyone thinks will be the biggest boost to the wearables industry. If the first glimpse of this $349 device is any indicator, it might just.
The tech giant from Cupertino also launched the iPhone 6 , but there were two of them in the end. A 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and a larger 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. Both are large screens, showing they had to go with the tide and bite the phablet after all. Despite being larger, the two phones will be thinner than all the previous iPhones with the iPhone 6 being just 6.8mm thick, and the Plus being 7.1 mm. Compare that to the 7.6 mm on the iPhone 5S. As expected the two phones will have better processors, better cameras and screen quality. The Apple India site, which earlier said the phones will be available here from September 26, has now changed the date to October 17 .
Near Field Communication has been available on phones for years now. But the technology that initiates conversations between devices might have just got its biggest push with the new Apple Pay feature being debuted on the new iPhones. This allows customers to pay for anything with a “blink-and-you-miss” tap on the counter or online portal. Apple says the feature will launch with top banks in the US covering 83 per cent of the credit card volume. It has also lined up big retailers like Staples to join the Apple Pay bandwagon.
But the star of the Apple Keynote this time was its Watch, something CEO Tim Cook says Apple has been “working on for years”. And it shows. For the company has again been able to rethink the device from scratch. This means it will also work with Apple Pay and the company has used regular winder on the side to zoom in and out, as well as to switch between apps and features. It will, like other wearables in the market, keep a tab on your health as well.
Apple had indicated its intention to launch a smart device like this when it added the health features in iOS 8, announced earlier this year. The new phones and the watch will feature fitness and workout apps to help users live a better life.
The smart watch market is also a bigger growth opportunity for Apple. According to continued…

Diabetics at a higher risk of heartfailureThose with diabetes were two and a half times more likely to have elevated troponin levels than those without, the study revealed. (Source: Thinkstock Images)
Indo-Asian News Service | Washington | Posted: September 11, 2014 5:06 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 5:07 pm
People with diabetes who otherwise appear healthy may have a six-fold higher risk of developing heart failure regardless of their cholesterol levels, shows an alarming study.
“It looks like diabetes may be slowly killing heart muscle in ways we had not thought of before,” said lead researcher Elizabeth Selvin, an associate professor of epidemiology at the Johns Hopkins University’s Bloomberg School of Public Health.
To reach this conclusion, researchers employed an ultra-sensitive test to identify minute levels of a protein called troponin that is released into the blood when heart cells die.
For the study, researchers measured troponin concentrations in more than 9,000 participants.
Those with diabetes were two and a half times more likely to have elevated troponin levels than those without, the study revealed.
The study appeared in the journal Circulation.
Those with diabetes were two and a half times more likely to have elevated troponin levels than those without, the study revealed.

When Modi envisions  Smart Cities  in India  this is what he means
Why iPhone 6 outperforms Nexus 4Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 17:35 IST
iPhone 6 Plus (in front) and iPhone 6. Photo: Reuters
What is it with an Apple announcement and a full moon that brings out the crazies in the people? I am sure by now most of you must have seen the Apple iPhone 6 comparison with the Google Nexus 4 on the Internet. But it is more like comparing a Mercedes SLS AMG with a Toyota Camry.
You could list the similarities in the two cars - they both have a steering wheel, they both have four wheels that the car runs on and a spare one in the boot, they both have air-conditioning and they both have a horn, too. But a Toyota Camry would never be a match for the Mercedes SLS AMG. The same is true when comparing the iPhone 6 to the Nexus 4. Here is a list of features that the online posts fail to mention:
Processor
The new A8 chipset with the second-generation 64-bit architecture is zipping fast. Be it graphic games or any other heavy app, the chances of slowing down the phone is next to nil. Apple claims that the phone won't heat up even at high performance. The Nexus 4, when launched in 2012, had a 1.5GHz quad core processor based on Qualcomm Snapdragon 8064 chipset. Even today's Android smartphones with the latest chipsets heat up. And don't ask about lags and freezing, which is often.
Camera
The Nexus 4 had an 8MP camera and so does the iPhone 6. But the imaging quality and sensor on the iPhone 6 are far superior than most cameras in smartphones today. The new Focus Pixel technology provides the sensor with more information about the image, giving a better and faster autofocus that one can see in preview.
Faster Wireless
The iPhone 6 has faster LTE connectivity and supports higher download speeds. LTE is short for Long-Term Evolution, commonly known as fourth-generation or 4G technology. Apple claims it supports more LTE bands than any other smartphone. Even for WiFi, it will work three times faster than the predecessor and most other smartphones.
Apps installed from browser
Do you actually care about these apps? Apple is particular about the apps listed on the iPhone. On Android devices, half the apps are useless or collect private information and can pose threat to your phone.
Premium smartphone
Since the first iPhone launch, all the iPhones had a premium feel. But holding the Nexus 4 wasn't any match. And most Android smartphones look alike. The recent Panasonic Eluga U has a similar back as the Nexus 4.
Wireless Charging
The online posts also boast the Nexus 4's wireless charging capabilities. But, typically, a Qi wireless charger doesn't accompany the handset and it needs to be purchased separately. Of the number of people who purchased the Nexus 4 back then, I don't really know anyone who invested in one.
Fingerprint scanner
That's one thing Apple has and Nexus doesn't. And this isn't only for show-off as, until now, it was used to unlock phones or authorise purchases on the App Store. Now with the Apple Pay service, it will be used for authenticating payments too.
Customer support
The biggest advantage of owning an Apple device is the service. The whole network is so systematically planned that in case you have any issue with your device, just walk into any service centre. If the problem is beyond repair, in most cases the unit is swapped. It might be a refurbished unit, but you still get the warranty from the date of the purchase. Also, you are saved from the hassle of calling and visiting the customer care like in the case of most other brands. In India, with Nexus 4, people had a tough time to get the handset repaired.
You might call me an Apple fan but these are some genuine differences between using an iPhone and the Nexus 4. There are not many iPhone users I know who switch to Android. However, there are many Android users falling for Apple.

Futures edge lower; jobless claims data awaitedJDS Uniphase, Lululemon among biggest premarket movers
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
Bankruptcy RadioShack Corporation
NEW YORK (Reuters) - JDS Uniphase and Lululemon Athletica Inc were among the biggest premarket movers on Thursday, with both companies moving on heavy volume and on track for their biggest one-day jumps in years.
Network gear maker JDS gained 13.5 percent to $13.75, on track for its biggest one-day advance since January 2013 a day after it said it would split into two separate public companies.

Aroon Purie s address at MPW EventAroon Purie's address at MPW Event
September 5, 2014
India Today Editor- in- chief Aroon Purie addresses the gathering at Most Powerful Women (MPW) event, 2014.

Army  IAF rescue over 96 000 people in flood-ravaged J&KPress Trust of India |  Jammu Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 02:10 PM IST
Army, IAF rescue over 96,000 people in flood-ravaged J&K
Of the 30,000 troops involved in massive rescue and relief operation, 21,000 are tasked in Kashmir valley and 9,000 in Jammu region
Survivors of a recent landslide that buried 24 houses in the remote mountainous Punjar Saddal village, at a hamlet Udhampur district in Jammu
Over 96,000 people have so far been evacuated to safety from flood-ravaged parts of Jammu and Kashmir by the Armed forces as the rescue and relief operation enters its 10th day today.
"Over 96,000 persons have been rescued so far by the Armed forces and NDRF from different parts of Jammu and Kashmir in the ongoing rescue and relief operations in the state till today," Col S D Goswami, PRO, Army's Northern Command told PTI.
He said that 'Mission Sahayata' in Kashmir and 'Mission Rahat' in Jammu region have entered their 10th day as 84 transport aircrafts and helicopters of Air Force and Army Aviation Corps and 35,000 troops have been pressed into service.
Of the 30,000 troops involved in massive rescue and relief operation, 21,000 are tasked in Kashmir valley and 9,000 in Jammu region, he added.
So far, 930 sorties have been undertaken by the choppers and aircraft of the services out of which 97 were carried out today. 1,237 tonnes of relief materials were dropped by the Air Force.
As many as 224 boats of Army and 148 boats of NDRF have been pressed into service, he said.
 Advertisements

Alleged Aurora mortgage scammer pleads not guilty to fraudAlleged Aurora mortgage scammer pleads not guilty to fraud
Melvin Bell
Trials and Arbitration Mortgages
The man allegedly at the center of a sophisticated mortgage rescue scam in the Aurora area pleaded not guilty to federal fraud charges Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Chicago.
Melvin T. Bell, 37, was arrested in July by postal inspectors and Metropolitan Nashville Police, six months after an arrest warrant was issued.
8
In a federal indictment, authorities allege that Bell, with two others, promised that Washington National Trust would assist financially strapped homeowners, most of whom were Hispanic, with mortgage loan modifications. Instead, authorities allege that the firm charged fees for services never delivered and had more than 50 homeowners pay promissory notes and transfer ownership of their homes to Washington National. 
mepodmolik@tribune.com

ONGC  NHPC  Coal India - which is the best investment betSep 11, 2014, 05.05 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
ONGC, NHPC, Coal India - which is the best investment bet?
Any dip which will come due to this offer for sale (OFS) should be a buying opportunity because ONGC makes a profit after tax (PAT) of around Rs 20,000 crore and they lose out revenues as high as Rs 50,000 crore by way of subsidies, says Parag Thakkar, Head of Sales at HDFC Securities.

U.K. split fears sink poundU.K. split fears sink pound
By Mark Thompson  @MarkThompsonCNN September 8, 2014: 8:49 AM ET
 
Pound slides on Scottish uncertainty
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Investors are waking up to the risk of a British break-up.
The pound sank to its lowest level in 10 months Monday after an opinion poll over the weekend showed supporters of Scottish independence gaining a slim lead for the first time.
Scotland votes next week on the fate of its 307-year union with England, and the prospect of years of political and economic uncertainty is slamming the pound and hitting stock markets.
Strong growth and rapid job creation had sent the British currency to a 6-year high of $1.71 as markets anticipated the first rise in interest rates since 2007.
But politics has now come to the fore, and the pound has fallen nearly 6% from its peak.
Most polls still suggest Scotland will vote to stay, but the risk of a messy divorce is clearly rising.
Uncertainty is what investors hate the most, and now they have it in spades: which way will the vote go, and will Scotland be able to keep the pound if it does break away.
For years, the Scottish nationalists' plan was to take Scotland into the European Union as an independent state, and then adopt the euro. They still want EU membership but the eurozone crisis killed talk of joining the single currency.
Instead, they want to keep the pound as part of a new sterling zone, an idea firmly rejected by the British political establishment and fraught with risk given the economic autonomy the independence camp seeks.
And it's not just the immediate uncertainty that has markets worried.
Support for European Union membership tends to be higher in Scotland than elsewhere in the U.K.
If Scotland chooses to go it alone, that raises the risk that the remainder of the U.K. will vote to leave the EU in a referendum Prime Minister David Cameron has promised for 2017, if he wins next year's election.
"We believe that a 'yes' poses more questions than it answers, and this will be negative for sterling, perhaps to the order of 5% overall. It would increase moves for secession across Europe, increase the momentum for the U.K. to leave the EU and hurt Scottish economic growth potential," wrote Kit Juckes of Societe Generale.
First Published: September 8, 2014: 7:06 AM ET
Join the Conversation

How Obamas second Sept. 10 Syria speech in a row was different.By Katie Zezima September 10 at 11:17 PM Follow @katiezez
President Obama Wednesday  began outlining a strategic plan that includes airstrikes in Syria. Again.
His speech came a year to the day after he gave another major address to set the groundwork for another plan -- one that would have included airstrikes in Syria.
Last year, Obama sought military action after the Syrian government launched a chemical weapons attack on its own people. This year, his target was the Islamic State, which has thrived amid Syria's civil war.
The situation felt oddly familiar -- yet totally different -- as Obama hit many of the same notes for the second year in a row.
 
He laid out the military move.
2013: “After careful deliberation, I determined that it is in the national security interests of the United States to respond to the Assad regime’s use of chemical weapons through a targeted military strike."
2014: "Our objective is clear: we will degrade, and ultimately destroy, ISIL through a comprehensive and sustained counter-terrorism strategy.”
 
He said events in Syria could put Americans at risk.
2013: Obama declared the gas attack a crime against humanity. If the chemical weapons were to leave Syria, he said, the U.S. could be in danger. "What happened to those people -- to those children -- is not only a violation of international law, it’s also a danger to our security.”
2014:  "ISIL poses a threat to the people of Iraq and Syria, and the broader Middle East – including American citizens, personnel and facilities. If left unchecked, these terrorists could pose a growing threat beyond that region – including to the United States.”
 
He struck a random domestic note
2013: "I know Americans want all of us in Washington -- especially me -- to concentrate on the task of building our nation here at home:  putting people back to work, educating our kids, growing our middle class.”
2014: "Our technology companies and universities are unmatched; our manufacturing and auto industries are thriving. Energy independence is closer than it’s been in decades. For all the work that remains, our businesses are in the longest uninterrupted stretch of job creation in our history."
But on authorization, he changed the tune.
2013: Obama said he had the authority to act -- but wanted to get congressional approval anyway. "So even though I possess the authority to order military strikes, I believed it was right, in the absence of a direct or imminent threat to our security, to take this debate to Congress.  I believe our democracy is stronger when the President acts with the support of Congress."
2014: Obama said he had the authority to act. And Congress could feel free...to back him. He didn't say a word about looking for authorization -- and he appears unlikely to seek it.
"My Administration has also secured bipartisan support for this approach here at home. I have the authority to address the threat from ISIL. But I believe we are strongest as a nation when the President and Congress work together. So I welcome congressional support for this effort in order to show the world that Americans are united in confronting this danger."
Katie Zezima covers the White House for Post Politics and The Fix.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410405475/1410405475000/1410405475 tracking: {authors=Katie Zezima, blog_name=post-politics, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=how-obamas-second-sept-10-syria-speech-in-a-row-was-different-this-year-and-how-it-wasnt, post_id=97513, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 3:17:55 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 3:17:55 AM

India s Sanghi Industries  B L Kashyap jump on fund buyingBSE Sensex closes under 27,000-mark on US Fed worries; sell-off hits Sun Pharma, ONGC, Coal India
Sensex fell over 72 points to close below the 27,000 mark for the first time in nearly two weeks.

Oscar Pistorius proven not guilty of murder  final verdict awaited'Blade Runner' not guilty of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp's murder
Agencies
print
"Blade Runner" Oscar Pistorius was found not guilty of the murder of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp Thursday as a South African judge dismissed the most serious charges against him.
"The state clearly has not proved beyond reasonable doubt that the accused is guilty of premeditated murder," Thokozile Masipa said, before dealing with the lesser charge of culpable homicide -- also known as manslaughter.
"Viewed in its totality the evidence failed to establish that the accused had the requisite intention to kill the deceased let alone with premeditation," said Masipa.
"Clearly he did not objectively foresee this as a possibility, that he would kill the person behind the door," she said as she later dismissed the lesser charge of common murder.
The 27-year-old sat in the dock bowed and burying his head in his hands after the finding was made.
Pistorius was charged with one count of murder and three firearms offences over the killing on Valentine's Day 2013.
He could still be found guilty of culpable homicide, carrying anything from a suspended sentence to a lengthy prison stretch, or he could be acquitted.
A charge of premeditated murder would have meant a life sentence in South Africa's notoriously brutal jails.
Read: Oscar Pistorius' mental health in question
'Evasive'
Pistorius had grimaced and sniffled as he watched Masipa call Pretoria's High Court to order and read her verdict.
Both defence and prosecution agree Pistorius killed the law graduate and model when he fired four shots through a locked toilet door in his upmarket Pretoria home.
But the sprinter says he thought he was shooting at an intruder while Steenkamp was safely in bed.
The prosecution says he killed her in a fit of rage after an argument.
Judge Masipa moved quickly through her judgement, rejecting state evidence that pointed to an argument between the couple.
"Neither the evidence of the loving relationship or a relationship turned sour can assist this court to determine whether the accused had the requisite intention to kill the deceased," she said.
The judge also reviewed evidence by neighbours who testified of hearing shots and screams, saying many "had their facts wrong".
She said huge media coverage of the case could have affected some witnesses.
"I am of the view that they failed to separate what they knew personally or what they heard from other people or what they gathered from the media," she said.
But Masipa also said Pistorius himself was "evasive" on the stand, and that his evidence showed "a number of defences, or apparent defences".
"The accused was a very poor witness," she said.
Read: Oscar Pistorius - from Blade Runner to Blade Gunner
'Reality show'
The verdict is the climax of a six-month murder trial that has cast a harsh spotlight on the fallen hero's private life.
Full of high drama, the trial has fed intense media interest worldwide, with live broadcasts veering into the realm of TV reality shows.
During proceedings Pistorius has broken down, weeping and at times vomiting as he heard how the 29-year-old blonde's head "exploded" like a watermelon under the impact of his hollow-point bullets.
On Thursday a man selling papers on a nearby street corner said he couldn't keep up with the demand. "Maybe you can come later," said Thomas Mdlule, the 29-year-old vendor, rushing to count out change for his customers.
Thursday's verdict is unlikely to be the end of the case.
There will be more courtroom arguments before a sentence is handed down and, most likely, an appeal to a higher court.
"The trial is the first leg of a multi-legged legal process. It's just the beginning," said lawyer David Dadic.
Whatever happens, Pistorius's glittering sporting career is likely to be over.
Once a poster boy for disabled sport, he has been stripped of lucrative endorsement deals by global brands and has withdrawn from all competition.

Modi effect: Investors put in Rs 1 lakh crore in mutual fund schemes in AugustBSE Sensex closes under 27,000-mark on US Fed worries; sell-off hits Sun Pharma, ONGC, Coal India
Sensex fell over 72 points to close below the 27,000 mark for the first time in nearly two weeks.

M&M to launch petrol compact SUVs in 2015: Pawan GoenkaET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Expressing confidence for M&M's growth prospects, Pawan Goenka told ET Now that the automobile major will launch two Compact Utility Vehicle platforms and one Commercial vehicle platform next year.
"We have several refreshes happening over the next 15 months. We are counting on the three primary new platforms that we are launching next year to give us much higher volume growth than that seen in the last 12 to 18 months," Goenka told ET Now.
Goenka was of the opinion that M&M's sales have been impacted by two things; narrowing of gap between diesel and petrol price and a shift in product preferences of consumers towards compact UVs. "Right now we do not have a very strong line of compact UVs," Goenka said.
Discussing the need for petrol engine cars, Goenka said, "Our product range up until now has been primarily in the larger UV segment and commercial vehicle segment. When we launch the compact UV, we will have a competitive petrol engine."
Asked about the possibility of increasing prices during the festive season, Goenka said, "We would not want to raise prices, if we can help it. Fortunately, commodity prices have been helpful. They have not gone up much. We will decide closer to the festive season."
On the subject of changing the name of SsangYong brands, Goenka said, "This is something that is going to be a long-term plan. We are right now looking at doing various customer researches to understand whether a name change is required. We have not made any specific call on if and when the name change will happen."
Goenka also hopes that the government will extend the excise duty cut on cars to the next budget. "We think it (extension of excise duty cut) should happen. In case it does not, the momentum that the industry has in the last three or four months will see a setback," Goenka said. "The industry will be in a very strong situation and a lower excise duty for another two-three months would certainly put us in a very solid situation," he added.
M&M is also conducting early-stage studies on selling cars in the US made by its wholly owned South Korean unit Ssangyong, Goenka said in a separate interview.
"Right now what we are doing is very early feasibility study of which products will make sense for the U.S., what will it take to make those products work, whether it will be financially viable to launch in the US," Goenka said.
Goenka did not say when the feasibility study, which started four to six months ago, is expected to be completed. He said that the company will look at having multiple Ssangyong products available in the United States.
"Once we have the board approve the US project, then we will have to start the work," the executive said. It would take at least two to two and a half years after board approval before any US products could be launched, he said.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Wash. gun rights advocates ask: Wheres the NRABy Reid Wilson September 11 at 6:00 AM Follow @postreid
Boxes of petitions for Initiative 594 at the secretary of state’s office Oct. 9, 2013, in Olympia, Wash. (Elaine Thompson/AP)
The mere threat that the National Rifle Association might try to defeat a sitting lawmaker is enough to change votes on Capitol Hill. In just the past year, the gun rights group has helped save a supportive county sheriff in Milwaukee and helped recall two gun control-backing state senators in Colorado.
But this November, some gun rights advocates are wondering why the NRA isn’t more overtly involved in the only state where voters will weigh in directly on their issues.
In Washington State, two gun-related initiatives are on the ballot this year. One, Initiative 594, would expand background checks to cover private sales and sales at gun shows. The other, Initiative 591, would prohibit the state from conducting background checks beyond those required by federal law. The two measures effectively negate each other; it’s unclear which would take precedence if they both pass.
They are the only gun-related measures on the ballot this year, but gun rights advocates who back I-591 and oppose I-594 say the NRA isn’t flexing its muscles very publicly.
“The NRA has really not been involved at all until very recently, and not in the area of spending significantly at all,” said Alan Gottlieb, chairman of the Citizens Committee for the Right to Keep and Bear Arms and founder of the Second Amendment Foundation. “I have no idea why. We have a coalition made up of all the gun rights groups in Washington, and they are not participating. They’re doing their own thing.”
Barron Barnett, a pro-gun rights activist, asked in a recent blog post: “Where the F*** is the NRA?!” “[T]he NRA is more than happy to take my money but then is no where to be found when things actually go sideways,” Barnett wrote.
Gottlieb, Barnett and their allies are increasingly concerned that they will be hopelessly outspent in advance of November’s election. Already, a group backing expanded background checks, the Washington Alliance for Gun Responsibility, has raised $7.3 million, according to filings made with the state Public Disclosure Commission.
Wealthy Washingtonians like Bill Gates, Nick Hanauer, Paul Allen and Steve Ballmer have all contributed heavily to the Alliance. Everytown for Gun Safety Action Fund, the group funded by former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, has contributed $1 million.
“They’re carpet-bombing the airwaves. I don’t see any way 594 is not going to pass,” Gottlieb said of the measure to expand background checks.
The groups opposing expanded background checks, by contrast, have raised only $1.3 million. Of that, the NRA has contributed $191,000 to a Washington State affiliate. That group has spent $100,000 on advertising and $31,000 on billboards, according to PDC filings.
Andrew Arulanandam, a spokesman for the NRA in Virginia, said the group has had two full-time staff on the ground for months. He estimated that the NRA has spent a total of $300,000 to $400,000 so far against I-594, with that number likely to grow in the final two months before Election Day. That figure doesn’t include communications with members and those who receive the NRA’s magazines and publications, he said.
“Whatever we do is going to be a grass-roots effort. We’re certainly not an organization, in contrast to Mike Bloomberg’s group, who has the ability to spend tens of millions without batting an eye,” Arulanandam said. “As recent history has shown, looking at what happened in Wisconsin in the sheriff’s race and in Colorado with the recall races, money isn’t everything. We have the grass-roots support.”
Arulanandam added that the NRA would spend more money advertising against I-594.
Public polls have shown broad support for I-594, though some of those same polls show I-591 passing, too, despite the fact that they contradict each other. There is no legal precedent in Washington State governing what happens when two opposite measures pass, and state law is silent on the question. The state has had competing initiatives on the same ballot before, but both initiatives have failed in every previous instance.
The state legislature has the power to repeal, amend or suspend newly-passed voter initiatives by two-thirds majorities, or by simple majorities after two years, said David Ammons, a spokesman for Washington Secretary of State Kim Wyman’s (R) office. But mustering such a super-majority on an issue as touchy as gun control would be difficult, if not impossible, for either side. More likely, the state Supreme Court would have to sort the mess out.
In other states where competing initiatives have passed, the measure with the highest level of support has usually been given precedence in court.
Gottlieb said the NRA is running out of time to make a difference in the race.
“I don’t know if it’s [that] they’re focused someplace else or if they’re unfocused in general, but nobody here knows,” he said. “I really don’t know what the problem is over there at all. They’ve just not been engaged.”
Arulanandam said the NRA is working hard to defeat I-594. “We’re all on the same side, and we’re working towards the common goal. We all need to work together to beat back this effort to influence an election by multi-billionaires,” he said.
Despite its liberal reputation, Washington has a long libertarian streak. Voters batted down a ballot initiative in 1997 that would have required trigger locks to be sold along with handguns, and 50 percent of Washingtonians said in a recent poll that they believed protecting gun rights was more important than controlling gun ownership. Forty percent of respondents said controlling ownership was more important.
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410429622/1410429622000/1410429622 tracking: {authors=Reid Wilson, blog_name=govbeat, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=washington-gun-rights-advocates-wonder-where-is-the-nra, post_id=15252, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 10:00:22 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 10:00:22 AM

Sheila Dikshit backs BJPs bid to form govt in Delhi; Cong shockedPrint
In the absence of elected government, people don't know where they should go. And their voice is heard nowhere, Sheila Dikshit said. (Source: AP photo)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 5:08 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 5:45 pm
BJP on Thursday received backing from an unexpected quarter with former chief minister Sheila Dikshit saying the party should be given an opportunity to form government as it will be good for the people of Delhi , remarks from which the Congress quickly distanced itself.
“In a democracy, elected governments are always good as they represent the people. If BJP has reached such a situation that it can form government, it is good for Delhi,” Dikshit, a three-time Chief Minister of Delhi, said here.
The statement by Dikshit, who recently resigned as Governor of Kerala leading to speculation about her return to active politics , has come at a time when AAP and Congress have been accusing BJP of trying to poach MLAs to form government in Delhi .
The 76-year-old leader, who had led Congress to spectacular victories in assembly polls in Delhi in 1998, 2003 and 2009, said that MLAs, whether they are from Congress, AAP or others, do not want election.
“As far as I could understand, every MLA, whether he is from Congress or AAP or others, doesn’t want election. People are saying that the MLAs have just been elected and their membership has not crossed even one year. As far as I can understand and people are telling me that they (MLAs) want government to be formed.”
She also said that it is not clear yet how the government will be formed.
“It is yet to be seen how government is formed and what challenges will be there for a minority government. And, can they (BJP) cross this and not..it is up to them (BJP),” Dikshit said.
Dikshit, under whose leadership Congress had suffered a severe drubbing in the assembly polls in Delhi in December last year, also added, “In the absence of elected government, people don’t know where they should go. And their voice is heard nowhere.
“If people’s voice is heard and then it is good. If they (BJP) form government, they will have to prove majority on the floor of house…so let the government form and then decision would take place.”
However, Delhi Congress immediately distanced itself from Dikshit’s “shocking” statement, saying it is her personal view and doesn’t represent party’s stand.
“We are shocked by Sheila Dikshit’s statement on government formation. It is her personal views and Congress has nothing to do with it. Our continued…
If BJP has reached such a situation that it can form government, it is good for Delhi.

dedicated to Scotland DecidesThe value of the pound falls in the wake of an opinion poll which suggested the pro-UK campaign has lost its lead ahead of the Scottish referendum.
8 September 2014

Nifty finds support at 8100  buying is suggested if 8100 holds: Sukhani10 September 2014
Wednesday
Bank Nifty may be ready for big, thrusting move up or down, banks trading in 200 point narrow range for over seven days
Choppy markets frustrate investors since prices do not go in the way we anticipate. This is normal, after all markets will not oblige us all the time. Bank Nifty is finding a short term resistance near 16200 – 16220. A breakout may give us a buying opportunity in Bank Nifty. CNX IT saw a down move today and closed below 11000. We may see a correction or consolidation in this sector.
We have NICKEL in METAL SECTION. Trend is sideways as prices are trading inside a range. Wait for a clear direction in this instrument. We have POWER in Sector Focus. Prices are trading very narrow and at the verge of breakout. Sooner we may get a buying in Power Stocks. Stock in focus includes BHARTIARTL, JISLJALEQS, RELCAPITAL and ADANIPOWER. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss GBP INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Judge Clears Pistorius of Premeditated Murder
I will never join Twitter: BenedictCumberbatchPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 11, 2014 5:52 pm
Actor Benedict Cumberbatch has revealed that he will never join micro-blogging site Twitter because he prefers privacy over social networking.
The ‘Sherlock’ actor revealed the tragic news during the press conference of his upcoming film ‘The Imitation Game’ at the Toronto Film Festival, reported Daily Mirror.
“If you’re trying to hoodwink by pretending to be me, that’s pretty cruel. I’m not on Twitter,” he said after saying how he prefers his privacy to sharing his life on social networks.
If you're trying to hoodwink by pretending to be me, that's pretty cruel. I'm not on Twitter

When Spirituality and Entrepreneurship Overlapreddit
There are two basic motivations of the entrepreneur. The first is the money-making side of the business, the bottom line. The second motivation is self-fulfillment, a spiritual sense of purpose. This spirituality may be linked to an individual's faith tradition, but there is a spiritual element that translates across the boundaries of specific religions. Entrepreneurs live where this spirituality and business overlap.
Blogs abound on entrepreneurship, marketing, financing, recruitment, and networking. Conversations about spirituality in business are less frequent. The silence on spiritual awareness may be due to the lack of strategies for articulating how our spirituality impacts the bottom line.  This is a reflection of the sub-conscious nature of the connection. With years of field testing across numerous industries, it became obvious that such a strategy must be embedded in an easily digestible framework for it to be deployed successfully.  Thus, the storytelling methodology of the Matrix Model Management System: Guide to Cross Cultural Wisdom and its workbook.
The first step towards accessing the powerful intersection of spirituality and entrepreneurship is to define and name the elements of spirituality in a business context. Through storytelling, we can identify, name, and own those spiritual elements. Begin by identifying the three key aspects of entrepreneurial spirituality: Vision, Humanity, and Character. In today's business world, with its high number of unpredictable variables, we need Vision that has soul, Humanity that inspires, and Character that shouts integrity and trust.
The next step towards connecting spirituality and entrepreneurship is create a personal dictionary for each element.  We start with the first step of all entrepreneurs: Vision. Look beyond analytical planning into your heart and soul. What words come to mind? Here are some possibilities: hopeful, inspired, futuristic, and wise. Give your Vision greater depth of meaning and purpose by regularly practicing this exercise.
"Humanity" often implies grand thoughts of world peace or community volunteerism without clarity for business applications. Yet, if we apply Humanity to cross-cultural communication, we can bring these abstract ideas into the workplace. Words such as cultural sensitivity, business etiquette, cultural competence, customer-oriented, and inclusion are key to relationship-driven businesses. For some, Humanity is further underscored with corporate responsibility projects, charitable activities, environmental initiatives, and community outreach to diverse cultures. Regardless, of the form it takes,  the perception of Humanity will stick to the entrepreneur or business depending on the third element, Character.
The words describing Character include responsibility, dependability, accountability, reliability, trustworthiness, conviction, honesty, fairness and ethical. If a leader, a company, or an entrepreneur doesn't have Character, then their Vision and Humanity won't be trusted. A lack of Character, or soul, can render irrelevant even the most advanced innovations and technology.
Damage control for losing Character and trust in your Vision and Humanity is time consuming.
You will need to address the very soul of the business. Explain how your Vision and Humanity intersect and how your Character drives them. Define, name, and own the elements with articulate, user friendly strategies. This is a monumental task when it has to be done quickly, the very definition of damage control. We need to articulate our spirituality sooner than later. "Later", in our fast-moving world, is best defined as "too late."
Follow Deborah J. Levine on Twitter: www.twitter.com/diversityreport
More:

Muzaffarnagar court rejects Amit Shah charge sheetMuzaffarnagar court rejects Amit Shah charge sheet
Agencies  New Delhi, September 11, 2014
First Published: 15:06 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:27 IST(11/9/2014)
Comments
In an embarrassment to the UP Police, a Muzaffarnagar court on Thursday  rejected the charge sheet filed against BJP President Amit Shah on an alleged hate speech made by him.
Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate Sunder Lal refused to take cognisance of the charge sheet as police had not followed the provisions of 173[2] CrPc in which they did not try to arrest the accused before filing the charge sheet in court.
Police did not seek warrant or attachment proceedings against the accused under the provisions laid down under 173[2] CrPc, the court said.
Returning the charge sheet to remove errors, the court said police cannot filed charge sheet under section 188 IPC as it should be filed as a private complaint by the officer concerned, who had imposed prohibitory orders which were violated.
Shah was on Wednesday charge sheeted by the police for his alleged hate speech during campaigning here for the Lok Sabha elections.
The charge sheet was filed against 49-year-old Shah in the court of Additional Chief Judicial Magistrate Manoj Sidhu.
The charges were filed against Shah under Section 123(3) of Representation of the People Act for allegedly seeking votes on the grounds of religion, race, caste and community and under Section 188 of the IPC relating to disobedience to order promulgated by public servant.
The charge sheet had been filed under various sections of IPC, including 153A (promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion, race, place of birth, etc.), 295A (deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings of any class) and 505 (false statement, rumour etc) circulated with intent to cause mutiny or offence against the public peace), and Section 123-3 of Representation of People Act (making an appeal to vote on the grounds of religion amounting to corrupt practice).
Police had registered a case against Shah for allegedly violating the model code following a direction from EC, which had also banned him from campaigning in the state on April 4.
Shah had landed in a major controversy for allegedly saying that the 2014 Lok Sabha polls were an opportunity to seek "revenge for the insult" inflicted during the riots in Muzaffarnagar last year.

Brent Falls Below $98 as Oversupply Worries Outweigh Mid East ConcernsGold Rebounds on Low-level Buying, Global Cues
London:
Brent crude dropped to a two-year low below $97 a barrel on Thursday, falling for a sixth straight session as worries over mounting supply and weak demand outweighed concerns that conflicts in the Middle East could curb oil production.
North Sea crude oil hit a high above $115 in June as Islamist insurgents swept across northern Iraq, taking control of several oilfields, but prices have now fallen more than 15 percent from their highs as supply from other countries has increased much faster than demand.
The West's energy watchdog said on Thursday slowing global economic growth, particularly in China and Europe, had curbed oil demand severely at a time when supplies were growing steadily, particularly from North America.
"The recent slowdown in demand growth is nothing short of remarkable," the International Energy Agency (IEA) said in a monthly report, cutting its oil demand growth projections for 2014 and 2015.
Brent for October fell $1.32 to a low of $96.72 a barrel, its weakest since July 2012, before recovering slightly to trade around $96.90 by 1121 GMT, after closing down $1.12 in the previous session.
US crude was down $1.14 at $90.53 a barrel.
The IEA expects non-OPEC supply to expand by 1.6 million barrels per day (bpd) in 2014, and by another 1.3 million bpd in 2015, thanks mainly to the North American shale oil boom.
That means the world will need less oil from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, and the IEA cut its estimate of demand for OPEC crude and stocks for 2015 by 300,000 bpd to 29.6 million bpd.
In August, OPEC pumped 30.31 million bpd.
OPEC has also cut its estimates of demand for its own crude this year and the next, pointing to a surplus of more than 1 million bpd in 2015 if the group keeps output at current levels.
VTB Capital oil strategist Andrey Kryuchenkov said oil prices had been undermined by a surplus of oil in the Atlantic Basin and an easing of tensions in Ukraine, which had raised concerns over the future of Russian oil supplies.
"The Atlantic Basin supply glut is still weighing on sentiment, made worse by the uneasy truce in Ukraine," Kryuchenkov said. "Demand concerns could take some time to dissipate."
But geopolitical worries remain a serious concern.
President Barack Obama told Americans on Wednesday he had authorised US airstrikes for the first time in Syria and more attacks in Iraq in a broad escalation of a campaign against the Islamic State militant group.
Iraq is OPEC's second-biggest oil producer and exporter and investors are concerned about the potential impact on supplies, although Iraq's oil industry has so far remained largely unaffected by the turmoil in the north of the country.
Underlining the global oil surplus, data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration on Wednesday showed an increase in some US oil product inventories.
Stocks of gasoline and distillates jumped by 2.4 million and 4.1 million barrels respectively in the week to Sept. 5, compared with analysts' expectations of a 157,000-barrel drop for gasoline and a 571,000-barrel increase for distillates, EIA data showed.
US crude oil stocks fell by 972,000 barrels last week, smaller than analysts' projections for a drop of 1.1 million barrels..
Libya could amplify the oversupply concerns after Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thinni said oil production was expected to rise to 1 million bpd in October.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

South Gujarat units fear closure with cut in APM gas supplyBS Reporter |  Ahmedabad Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 05:12 PM IST
South Gujarat units fear closure with cut in APM gas supply
The small gas consumers of south Gujarat mainly engaged in glass and ceramic industry, are facing closure as the Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB) has decided to halve the supply of APM gas to over 30 units beginning September 16.The units through their association South Gujarat Small Gas Consumers' Association (SGSGCA) have approached the PNGRB and Gas Authority of India Ltd (GAIL) that supplies APM gas, and made representation seeking relief. The association is awaiting respon
The small gas consumers of south Gujarat mainly engaged in glass and ceramic industry, are facing closure as the Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB) has decided to halve the supply of APM gas to over 30 units beginning September 16.
The units through their association South Gujarat Small Gas Consumers' Association (SGSGCA) have approached the PNGRB and Gas Authority of India Ltd (GAIL) that supplies APM gas, and made representation seeking relief.
The association is awaiting response from the union government on the issue with in a few days.
There are about 30 small consumers in South Gujarat region which consume 0.6 million standard cubic meters per day (SCMD) gas. These units form the bottom of the priority list defined by the PNGRB for supply of APM gas.
The proposed cut in supply of gas to these units is around 58 per cent that is the supply will be cut to 0.25 million SCMD. The units facing closure threat include Pragati Glass, Piramal Glass, Haldyn Glass, Gujarat Borosil, Schott Glass, Belgium ceramics and others.
Through revised guidelines issued by the PNGRB, GAIL has been directed to divert gas supply from non-priority sectors (units consuming less than 50,000 SCMD) to meet requirement of CGD (city gas distribution) entities for CNG (transport) and PNG (domestic).
According to SGSGCA vice president Ashok Jain, GAIL wants to cut supply of gas to half with a very short notice.
"Our members have been informed about the PNGRB revised guidelines and proposed cut in gas supply by GAIL on September 10 and they wanted this new cut to be implemented from September 16. This is a very short notice for units which need full fuel supply to keep the furnaces burning round the clock," said Jain who is a director at the Gujarat Borosil Ltd having plant in Bharuch.
He added that this was kind of high handedness of the union ministry. These units employ about 120,000 people directly and another 600,000 indirectly, Jain said, adding that these units contribute large amounts to exchequer and have substantial exports.
"This action of GAIL and PNGRB will ensure that manufacturing, at least in glass and ceramic sector, in south Gujarat be shut down," Jain claimed. He further said that his company is the only producer of solar glass in India and such restriction will curtail Borosil's production and negatively impact the National Solar Mission.
As per SGSGCA the proposed action of GAIL and the directions of PNGRB are ill conceived, arbitrary, unjust and ignore the fact that these small gas consumers have set up their factories in isolated and small rural areas based on availability of gas.
Jain said that they were getting gas at Rs 10 per SCMD as of now and once the supply is cut by 58 per cent they will have to purchase gas from the open spot market which could cost around Rs 40 per SCMD.
"Since fuel is a major component of the total production cost in glass and ceramic units, the margins will fall drastically and may force some units to shutdown operations," he added.
SGSGCA has appealed that their industry be treated as priority and requested the union government to take a broad view in the matter and help the small consumers having allocation of less than 50,000 standard cubic meters per day (SCMD) by not applying any cut and maintaining the status quo.
 Advertisements

Telecom Industry in India is a Mess  Says Vodafone India ChiefYou are here: Home Corporates
Difficult to Do Business in India, Says Vodafone
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 11, 2014 18:44 (IST)
Indian Companies Invested $1.25 Billion Overseas in August: RBI
New Delhi: World's second largest telecom firm Vodafone, which is facing taxation issues in India, Thursday said it is difficult for foreign companies to do business in the country because of slower government clearances.
Vodafone India head Marten Pieters said the company had sought government's approval in December last year to bring in funds from the parent company to buy airwaves but the clearance is still awaited.
"Yes, it is difficult to do business in India, that's the general perception I think of foreign companies and that is not just in telecom," he said speaking at Economist India Summit here.
The British telecom major is facing a tax liability of over Rs 11,200 crore, along with interest, on its 2007 acquisition of Honk Kong-based Hutchison Whampoa?s stake in India's telecom major, Hutchison Essar.
He, however, added that the process for doing business in India "can be made much easier, much smoother by just removing a few things."
On spectrum auctions due in February 2015 and raising equity for it, Pieters said: "I have no answer, I got to know last week that the officer dealing with the file has retired."
He said telecom industry in India is in a mess and it is a result of thinking that more the competition the better it is, Mr Pieters said Thursday.
He also said industry structure is a government responsibility and he has seen "very little action" to change this system.
"The telecom industry, if you look at it from international perspective is a mess in India ... and it seems to come from this concept which has been developed in the past that the more competition, the better," Mr Pieters said.
"The industry structure is a problem of the government because spectrum, which is our raw material is in a limited form available and if you get too many players, then you get this problem where nobody has enough spectrum," he said.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 18:44 (IST)

BT-Yes Bank best SME Survey: How we did itStory
How we did it
More than 100,000 SMEs applied for the awards. A total of 4,307 companies made it to phase II. There were 39 companies vying for the 15 awards. Finally, 13 emerged winners.
   Edition: Sep 14, 2014
The on-ground survey is carried out by YES Bank, which is BT's knowledge partner
This is the fifth Best SME Survey that Business Today has conducted. The on-ground survey is carried out by YES Bank, which is BT's knowledge partner. Providing an independent validation to the survey and its findings is Grant Thornton.
Over the past five years, the survey has gained traction and prestige, and is today counted as the premier study of its kind for small and medium businesses. Such enterprises form the very backbone of India's economy, and provide lakhs of jobs to people.
The purpose of the BT-YES Bank Best SME Survey is to find the top performers among this community of small businesses, and award and encourage them for their good work. The study itself is spread over three extensive phases. Phase I comprises data collection and initial quantitative analysis, Phase II comprises a more intensive analysis of numbers, and Phase III comprises a jury meeting. The entire study for this year took five months - from January to May 2014 - with the jury meeting being held in early June.
All SMEs with turnover less than Rs 200 crore are eligible to apply, and are divided into two categories - small (net sales less than Rs 50 crore); and medium (net sales between Rs 50 crore and Rs 200 crore). There are eight awards, with seven of them having two awardees, one each from the small and medium categories, respectively. The award for Best SME in North East India is given to only one company. So, that effectively makes it 15 awards.
Apart from the net sales thresholds, there are additional criteria for some award categories:
Best SME for Innovation: SMEs that have spent on R&D or have few products/process patents
Best SME for CSR: SMEs that have spent on CSR initiatives
Best Green SME: SMEs that have taken measures for waste management or have used renewable eco-friendly materials
Best SME in International Trade: SMEs that have foreign exchange revenues forming part of their turnover Best SME for Corporate Governance: SMEs which are listed/complied with Clause 49 requirements
Phase I (Quantitative Analysis)
Sanjay Agrawal, Senior President, Business Banking, YES Bank.
Last year we had more than 400,000 SMEs participating.
However, this year several of the applying companies were filtered out even before the first round, because the details they provided were sketchy. Having focused more on quality entries this year, we ended up with slightly more than 100,000 applicants for Phase I.
The first phase comprises an assessment of balance sheet and profit and loss numbers of applicants, which these SMEs submitted through an application form. Companies that failed to meet the following criteria are weeded out: minimum three years in business; audited financials available; profit after tax (PAT) and net worth positive. The remaining companies are then analysed on their growth (in turnover and PAT); and profitability (PAT margin and return on equity).
To factor in sectoral differences and characteristics, peer set comparison is done and top performers from each sector shortlisted. To ensure all-India representation, some top-rated companies from each region are shortlisted. And, for categories such as Best SME for Innovation and Best SME in Social and Environmental Responsibility, relevant parameters such as spends on R&D, products/patents, CSR and green initiatives are considered. A total of 4,307 companies made it to Phase II after this exhaustive round.
Phase II (Detailed Survey)
These 4,307 companies were then contacted to source their audited balance sheets and other financial reports. The purpose is to reconfirm the growth and profitability numbers they had submitted in their application forms. Many companies drop out here because they are unwilling to share their audited financial reports. For those who do send in the reports, parameters such as debt-to-equity ratio and current ratio are introduced to assess their liquidity and leverage position.
Additional checks such as site visits, background checks, interactions with promoters or senior executives are also done. The first two phases are carried out by YES Bank, and the findings validated by Grant Thornton and, finally, by Business Today. At the end of this process, three finalists are selected for each of the 15 awards.
With some companies getting shortlisted for more than one award, there were finally 39 companies vying for the 15 awards this year.
Phase III (Jury Meeting)
The list of nominees by category is then presented before an eminent jury panel for deliberation.
This year, the panel comprised these leading names: Madhav Lal, Secretary, Ministry of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises; Ashish Kumar Chauhan, Managing Director and CEO, Bombay Stock Exchange; Rajiv Luthra, Managing Partner, Luthra & Luthra Law Offices; and Sachin Nigam, Head of SME Ratings, Crisil. Sanjay Agrawal, Senior President - Business Banking of YES Bank, and Vikas Gambhir, Director, Business Risk Services at Grant Thornton, provided knowledge support.
The meeting was moderated by Josey Puliyenthuruthel, Managing Editor of Business Today. The group met on June 9, and over a stimulating discussion of almost two hours, selected the final winners.

Break necks  case: Markandey Katju jumps into Telangana CM K Chandrasekhar Rao rowBSE Sensex closes under 27,000-mark on US Fed worries; sell-off hits Sun Pharma, ONGC, Coal India
Sensex fell over 72 points to close below the 27,000 mark for the first time in nearly two weeks.

Morgan Stanley backs Tianhe ChemicalsLast updated: September 11, 2014 7:38 am
Morgan Stanley backs Tianhe amid fraud allegations
By Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f623de6-3903-11e4-9cce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chetna  normally i don`t give sl on fundamentals sound and medium term...Platinum Member
1369 Followers
Chetna, normally I don`t give sl on fundamentals sound and medium term calls I give but this particular was just for few session trade and that is why I gave a sl of 47.5 and it got hit and I was stopped out.  Sustaining above 50 for even 30 mins is the key in here.
In reply to : chetnaomehta message
about 1 hr 24 min 23 sec ago

Bajaj Finance to Launch Housing Finance Arm  Seeks Regulatory NodYou are here: Home Corporates
Bajaj Finance to Launch Housing Finance Arm, Seeks Regulatory Nod
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 10, 2014 22:50 (IST)
Tata Motors, Microlise Join Hands for Fleet Management Services
Mumbai: Non-banking lender Bajaj Finance on Wednesday said its board has given approval for the launch of a dedicated housing finance subsidiary.
The board has given nod to formation of a housing finance company as a wholly-owned subsidiary and will now be applying to sectoral regulator National Housing Bank (NHB) for a licence, a top executive of the company said.
"We require a capital of Rs 10 crore before we apply and will arrange it through internal accruals," chief executive Rajeev Jain told PTI.
He said usually it takes 6-9 months for the licence to come after which the HFC will be operational.
The Pune-headquartered company already has presence in the mortgage space and nearly 40 per cent of its Rs 27,000 crore book is mortgage products, he said, adding that there are many benefits due to which the company decided to have a dedicated company.
Mr Jain said the advantages include access to external commercial borrowings, refinance from NHB, easier recoveries and higher leverage.
Story first published on: September 10, 2014 22:48 (IST)

Study: Politicians can change hearts and minds simply by stating their viewsBy Christopher Ingraham September 10 at 2:34 PM Follow @_cingraham
With great power comes great responsibility. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File)
Let's get back to basics for a minute: How does democracy work? The classic understanding is that citizens form opinions on various issues, and then elect representatives who share those opinions. Moreover, when politicians deviate from the will of their constituents while in office, voters can simply vote them out of office in favor of a candidate more closely aligned with their views. Government by the people, for the people, and reflecting the will of the people.
As you might imagine, political scientists' understanding of this relationship between public opinion and politician behavior has grown more complicated in recent decades. Some argue that politicians shape public opinion by showing that their positions are consistent with voters' underlying values . Other research suggests that voters often support policies simply because their favorite political leaders do .
Now, a paper by political scientists at UC Berkeley and the Washington University in St. Louis reports on the results of a novel real-world experiment. The study finds that contrary to classic theories of democracy, voters did not view politicians more negatively when the politicians took positions voters opposed. Not only that, voters often adopted these positions themselves, even when politicians offered little or no justification for them.
These results "leave open the possibility that politicians think the constraints public opinion places on them are stronger than they are," the authors conclude, and they suggest that "politicians can enjoy broad latitude to shape public opinion."
Here's how the experiment worked: The researchers recruited 7 Democratic state lawmakers in an unnamed midwestern state. In the spring of 2014, the researchers surveyed registered voters in the lawmakers' districts to determine which issue positions had the least public support. The issues included everything from immigration to taxation to marijuana policy.
The legislators then sent official letters to registered voters of both political parties in their respective districts. The letters were targeted toward voters who had expressed opinions that were at odds with the lawmakers' own stances. The voters were randomly assigned to receive one of three letters. From the report:
(i) a “control” letter where the legislator introduced themselves, described the services their office could conduct for constituents, and described a few locally oriented achievements (e.g., designating a building downtown a historic place),
(ii) a “direct” policy letter that added language in which the legislators took a position the recipient had not agreed with previously and made only the briefest justification for their position, and
(iii) an “arguments” policy letter that added extensive arguments for this position designed to appeal to citizens’ values
Finally, they performed a follow-up survey of the constituents to see how their opinions of both the issues and the politicians had changed, if at all. As it turns out, the positions staked out by the legislators had a significant effect on their constituents views: "The constituents who were sent letters with the legislators’ positions were about 5 percentage points less likely to disagree with the legislator and about 5 percentage points more likely to agree with the legislator."
More surprisingly, it didn't make a difference whether politicians provided good arguments for their positions or not: "We find little evidence that legislators’ arguments were responsible for their persuasive impact. Legislators appeared able to move constituents’ opinions by stating their own positions with minimal justification; adding additional arguments did not make them more persuasive."
Finally, lawmaker favorability was completely unaffected by knowledge of their policy stances. "We find no evidence that legislators suffered electoral costs by taking positions constituents disagreed with; citizens who received letters from their legislators taking positions they had disagreed with previously evaluated their legislators no less favorably."
"We were surprised by the fact that there wasn't any pushback from the constituents in terms of disapproval," co-author Dan Butler said in an interview. Since voters tend to not know a lot about their state legislators, the expectation was that finding out about a disagreement would lead voters to perceive them more negatively.
"It seems like a lot of people are predisposed to trust their legislators, even on policies we think of as inspiring a lot of controversy," co-author David Broockman said. "Most legislators really do care about advancing the public interest. What's exciting here, and the reason why the lawmakers were interested in participating in the study, is that it gives them insight into whether they can help advance those causes further."
We tend to think of voters' political views as fixed and immobile, particularly in the current environment of polarization and partisanship. But these results suggest that politicians do have some latitude to sway voters' views.
Moreover, it doesn't seem likely that voters changed their views due to raw political tribalism. The letters from the lawmakers didn't include information on party affiliation at all. "What this points toward is a world where politicians actually have special responsibility to inform the public because they are afforded special trust," Broockman said. "The costs associated with doing the right thing according to their values are not as significant as they think."
That "special responsibility to inform" is a key point. The optimistic takeaway here is that legislators with sincerely-held beliefs have some power to bring constituents over to their side. But the flipside is that demagoguery may be more politically potent than previously assumed. For instance, Sarah Palin sold many voters on the false notion of Obamacare "death panels" as far back as 2009. Five years later, 34 percent of voters still believe in them .
Christopher Ingraham is a data journalist focusing primarily on issues of politics, policy and economics. He previously worked at the Brookings Institution and the Pew Research Center.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410374092/1410374092000/1410374092 tracking: {authors=Christopher Ingraham, blog_name=wonkblog, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=study-politicians-can-change-hearts-and-minds-simply-by-stating-their-views, post_id=100711, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 6:34:52 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 6:34:52 PM

Pathan brothers launch Cricket Academy ofPathansPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 11, 2014 5:54 pm
Indian cricketers Yusuf and Irfan Pathan on Thursday launched their dream venture Cricket Academy of Pathans, which will start functioning from next month-end in their home town Baroda.
The brothers said that they have about 5-7 years of active cricket still left in them.
“This has been our vision for a long time and we wanted to give something back to the game. We wanted to do something different and this Academy will have two modules. The course will be for a duration of 8-9 weeks after which the child can for the advanced course. We will go to schools which have infrastructure and set up over there. It is not stationary and we will keep having these courses throughout the year,” Irfan
told reporters in Mumbai on Thursday.
He added that they have already identified a few schools and have been planning for it from last 6-7 months.
They plan to take the Academy to three other cities by early next year and aim to have 50 academies across the country by the end of next year.
They have tied up with former India coach Greg Chappell and Cameron Tradell as chief mentors. Chappell would coach the coaches of the Academy.
Interestingly, it was Chappell who promoted Irfan as an all-rounder during his two-year stint from 2005 and when pointed out the younger Pathan said, “this is a media perspective. I think differently. We had identified two or three coaches. I have played with Greg and I know how well he can share his knowledge with the kids. So we decided to venture with him.”
The fees for one coaching course would be about Rs 10,000 to Rs 15,000 and the academy will be affiliated with the state associations.
“We will offer the best practice that is required for an aspiring cricketer,” Yusuf said.
The academy will also focus on nutrition, psychology and physical developments of the kids.
This was our vision for a long time as we wanted to give something back to cricket

Former Gujarat cop DG Vanzara gets bail in Sohrabuddin encounter caseComments
The Bombay high court on Thursday granted bail to former Gujarat Deputy Inspector General of Police, DG Vanzara in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.
However, the former Indian Police Service officer of Gujarat cadre is not likely to come out of prison immediately, as he is in custody in connection with another criminal case in Gujarat.
Justice Abhay Thipsay granted Vanzara bail on the ground of parity -- primarily in view of the fact that the apex Court hds granted bail to two other senior Indian Police Service (IPS) officers booked in the same case.
Justice Thipsay granted Vanzara bail on a bond of Rs. 2 lakh and one or two sureties of the same amount. By way of condition the judge directed Vanzara to stay in Mumbai and attend the trial court in Mumbai on every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 11 am.
Besides, the court also asked him not to enter the state of Gujarat and surrender his passport, if any.
The judge said he held that a prima facie case is made out against Vanzara, but there was not much difference in the roles played by the two accused bailed out by the Supreme Court and the role purportedly played by the former DIG.
Vanzara  quit the IPS  last year while in jail, alleging the encounter killings were at the orders  of the Narendra Modi government in Gujarat and that they had failed to protect him.
The apex court has granted bail to Rajkumar Pandian, a former police officer, whose bail plea was rejected by the Bombay High Court. According to the Central Bureau of Investigation, Pandian had played a key role in picking up the Sohrabuddin and his wife from Hyderabad before they were killed in the alleged fake encounter.
Sheikh and his wife were allegedly abducted by Gujarat’s Anti-Terrorist Squad from Hyderabad and killed in suspected fake encounters near Gandhinagar in November 2005.

One lakh people rescued  four lakh more await help: 50 pics of devastation in Kashmir floodsComments
Flood waters have started receding in Jammu and Kashmir, giving rescue teams a chance to reach tens of thousands of villagers stranded after the heaviest rainfall in the state in half a century.
Over 96,000 people have been rescued so far in the state and personnel of the Indian Army, the Indian Air Force and the National Disaster Relief Force are working round-the-clock to evacuate lakhs of those who are still trapped in flood-ravaged areas.
"Over 96,000 persons have been rescued so far by the Armed forces and NDRF from different parts of Jammu and Kashmir in the ongoing rescue and relief operations in the state till today," Col SD Goswami, PRO, Army's Northern Command told PTI.
He said that 'Mission Sahayata' in Kashmir and 'Mission Rahat' in Jammu region have entered their 10th day as 84 transport aircrafts and helicopters of Air Force and Army Aviation Corps and 35,000 troops have been pressed into service.
Kashmir floods: 5 videos you must watch
Here are 50 images that clearly show the extent of the horrific flooding in Jammu and Kashmir:
Tourists wait to be evacuated by Indian Air Force helicopters during rescue and relief operations following flooding in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A truck is half-buried in gravel from a landslide caused by flash floods in Akhnoor, about 48 kilometers northwest of Jammu. AP Photo/Channi Anand
A mother with her child in a chopper after being airlifted from the Nehru helipad in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
An aerial view showing buildings partially submerged in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
A wounded lady is helped by Indian Air Force members after she was evacuated from a flooded area in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar.HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
A handout photo made available by Indian Air Force showing the stranded people signaling for help
People being rescued by the army and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army and local people after the flood at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
Kashmiri houses submerged by floodwaters are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A Kashmiri woman and her daughter (R) stand on the first floor of their flooded house as they wait to be rescued in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Indian army soldiers rescue a Kashmiri girl from her flooded house in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Indian army soldiers evacuate flood victims by boat to a safer place in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Migrant workers cover themselves with plastic sheets to shield from the rain, as they camp on a highway after the area they were living in was inundated by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
A temple is partially submerged in floodwaters in Jammu. AP Photo/Channi Anand
Flood-affected people rescued from various parts of Jammu and Kashmir being flown to Chandigarh by a C-17 Globemaster III. PTI Photo
Flood-affected people rescued from various parts of Jammu and Kashmir wade through the water to reach a safer location. PTI Photo
Kashmiri men gather along a flooded street in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Houses are partially submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri residents rescue a flood victim in Srinagar. (AP Photo/Altaf Qadri)
A truck evacuating Kashmiri flood victims to higher ground travels through a flooded street in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Vehicles are submerged in floodwaters during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/ Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri people hold a man as he falls from a tractor evacuating flood victims to higher grounds, as they move through a flooded street in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
An aerial view shows the flooded Srinagar city. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
An aerial view shows buildings submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Policemen stand guard as migrant workers gather outside the airport to leave the flooded Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Flood-affected Kashmiris shout out for help from the roof of a house in Srinagar. PTI Photo
Kashmiris hang on to a tree to prevent being swept away by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
A Kashmiri man crosses over flood waters with the use of a rope in Srinagar. AFP Photo/ Punit Paranjpe
A stranded Kashmiri man is rescued by an Indian Air Force helicopter from a submerged house during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
A Kashmiri man struggles as he tries to cross floodwaters with the help of a rope during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri people are rescued with an excavator during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
An aerial view taken from an Indian Air Force's helicopter shows the remains of a bridge after it was swept away by floodwaters from the river Tawi on the outskirts of Jammu. Reuters/Mukesh Gupta
Armed forces personnel offload relief material from an aircraft to distribute to flood affected people, at the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Flood affected people prepare to leave from the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Flood affected people prepare to leave from the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
People move through a flooded area of Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Kashmiri houseboats and houses submerged by floodwater are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Dal Lake in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
Soldiers carry a seriously ill tourist towards a waiting Indian Air Force helicopter after he was rescued from a flooded neighborhood in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Kashmiri houseboats and houses submerged by floodwater are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Dal Lake in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A tourist is airlifted from the roof of a five-story hotel, four of which are submerged in floodwaters, in Srinagar. PTI Photo
People walk on a flooded road in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Flood-affected people stranded on the roof of a five-story hotel rush to be airlifted in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasi
People and cars stand on dry patches of land, surrounded by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Flood-affected people row boats past partially submerged buildings in floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
An aerial view shows buildings partially submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar on Tuesday. PTI Photo
A Kashmiri family is transported by boat through the floodwaters of Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe

Why you get so many unwanted cable channelsBy Cecilia Kang September 10 Follow @ceciliakang
Analysts say the lynchpin of the cable bundle is ESPN. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)
Why do cable subscribers end up with so many channels they have no interest in watching? Blame ESPN, says a small Cedar Falls, Iowa, cable provider.
Recently, the municipally-owned Cedar Falls Utilities renewed a long-term contract to broadcast Disney’s ESPN channels to its town of 40,000 residents. But this time, it said it was also forced to take on two Disney-owned channels it didn’t want — SEC Network and Fusion.
It’s deals like this that result in bloated cable bundles of hundreds of channels few people ever watch, CFU said. For customers who routinely ask: Why can't I pick channels like a la carte items off a menu? "Now you know," wrote Betty Zeman, a marketing manager at Cedar Falls Utilities, in a recent blog .
“When we renewed our ESPN carriage this month, two big strings were attached. As a condition of renewal we were required to add two new networks. There was no room for discussion and no negotiation,” Zeman wrote.
The blog post provided a rare glimpse into secretive deals between cable providers and television networks that help dictate the entire entertainment ecosystem. It also underscores a debate on the economics of cable bundles — one that has been the focus of U.S. regulators for years, so far with no government intervention. In Canada, regulators this week are contemplating rules that would force cable networks to break apart the bundles they offer consumers.
ESPN said it doesn't force additional channels on its cable partners. "As in all our deals, we do not engage in the practice of tying or forcing carriage of our networks,” Amy Phillips, a spokeswoman for ESPN, said in a statement. She explained that Cedar Falls Utilites, like 800 other small cable providers, negotiates with Disney through the National Cable Television Cooperative. Its recent seven-year deal was optional for CFU.
“The portfolio of the Walt Disney Company is hugely popular and delivers tremendous value,” Phillips said. “In recognition of that, the NCTC negotiated a deal that maximizes the wholesale benefits for its members in service to their customers, which CFU elected to join.”
But CFU’s Zeman said smaller providers like them have a hard time negotiating for their small markets. The SEC Network, which focuses on the Southeastern Conference for football, and the millennials-focused Fusion network may not appeal to many in the Cedar Falls audience, she said.
"You can imagine the interest northeast Iowa has for the SEC Network," Zeman said in an interview.
The lynchpin for the cable bundle is ESPN, analysts say. It is by far the most valuable - -- and expensive -- of the hundreds of cable channels packaged to consumers, Zeman wrote in her blog post, titled "Why we Love ESPN. And Why We Don't."
The idea of unbundling cable channels may sound good, but the reality is that if ESPN viewers were to pay for ESPN alone, it would cost about $30 a month, according to a report last year by Needham Insights research firm. Programmers say consumers are better off with bundles. The cost of producing shows are so high, and so the expense and risk of launching a new channel like Disney’s Fusion network are offset by their most popular networks — ABC and ESPN.
ESPN has become a network of networks of its own. It runs ESPN2, ESPN3, ESPN Classic, ESPNews and ESPNU and makes more than $7.2 billion a year just from subscription fees. It has exclusive rights to the NFL's Monday Night Football and to the U.S. Open tennis tournament. On television, sports is king because it commands the largest live audiences. But sports leagues also charge skyrocketing costs for the rights to broadcast their games. Those costs are passed down to cable companies, which then pass them to consumers, analysts say.
Cedar Falls' complaints with programmers are echoed by the cable provider CableVision, which has been in a years-long legal battle with Viacom. CableVision has alleged that Viacom violates antitrust laws by forcing it to buy several channels in order to carry Nickelodeon, Comedy Central and MTV.
“And so the bundle gets bigger, even though that’s the last thing viewers or cable providers want,"  Zeman wrote.
Cecilia Kang is a national technology reporter, writing about tech and Internet policies at the Federal Communications Commission and Federal Trade Commission and how regulations affect businesses and consumers.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/technology, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410355362/1410355362000/1410355362 tracking: {authors=Cecilia Kang, blog_name=the-switch, content_category=Business/technology, in_url_headline=heres-one-reason-for-why-the-cable-bundle-offers-so-many-channels-you-dont-want, post_id=32182, section={section=business/technology, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 1:22:42 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 1:22:42 PM

Sensex hovers around 27 000; BSE Smallcap index up 1.5%SI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 02:16 PM IST
Sensex hovers around 27,000; BSE Smallcap index up 1.5%
The market breadth in BSE remains firm with 1,805 shares advancing and 1,017 shares declining
Benchmark indices are trading in a tight range with Sensex and Nifty oscillating between negative and positive zone.
The government will release the CPI data for August 2014 tomorrow and the industrial production data for the month of July tomorrow.
At 14:15 PM, the Sensex was down 14 points at 27,040 and the Nifty was up 2 points at 8,095.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices have gained between 1-2%. The market breadth in BSE remains firm with 1,805 shares advancing and 1,017 shares declining.
Meanwhile, the provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours yesterday, showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 9.91 crore on that day.
The rupee is trading at 60.91/92 versus Wednesday's close of 60.94/95, after rising to a session high of 60.83 earlier in the day.
ASIAN MARKETS
Japan's Nikkei share average rose to an eight-month high on Thursdays the weak yen lifted sentiment and a meeting between the central bank governor and prime minister boosted expectations of additional easing in the long-term.
The Nikkei climbed 0.8% to 15,909.20, the highest closing level since Jan 10. The broader Topix hit a six-year high, rising 0.3% to 1,311.24.
Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said he told Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that the central bank will not hesitate to ease policy further if its 2% inflation goal becomes difficult to achieve.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE Healthcare index has plunged by nearly 2% followed by counters like Metal and Oil & Gas, all slipping between 0.1-1%. BSE Bankex, Capital Goods and FMCG indices have gained by nearly 1% each.
The main losers on the Sensex are Sun Pharma, Coal India, ONGC, Wipro, Cipla, Dr Reddy’s Labs and GAIL.
Sun Pharmaceuticals Industries has dipped 4% on reports that the company’s manufacturing facility in Halol (Gujarat) is undergoing a surprise inspection by the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA).
The Union Cabinet on Wednesday cleared a dilution of the government's stake in Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), Coal India Ltd (CIL) and NHPC Ltd. At current market valuations, the amount of its holdings the Centre wants to offload in these companies could fetch it as much as Rs 45,796 crore - more than the Budget target of raising Rs 39,925 crore through disinvestment in public-sector undertakings. Coal India and ONGC have slipped 2-3%.
On the gaining side, Hero Moto, SBI, HDFC, HUL and L&T have gained between 1-1.4%.
Among other shares, Bharat Electronics has surged 3.6% to Rs 2,123 on the BSE after Motilal Oswal initiated 'buy' rating on the stock and a target of Rs 2,600.
Shares of small-sized companies are on a roll with the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) small-cap index hitting nearly four-year high today rising over 100% from its 52-week low.
The small-cap index crossed 11,000 marks at 11,122 points in intra-day trade today, rallying 103% from its 52-week low of 5,428 touched on September 25, 2013. The Sensex and the Mid-cap index have gained 36% and 77%, respectively, during the same period.
Among the stocks in this index, Gati, Ceat, Avanti Feeds, Ahluwalia Contracts, LG Balakrishnan and Brothers, Marksans Pharma, Global Offshore Services, Sona Koyo Steering Systems, Kitex Garments and CCL International have rallied more than 500% during this period.
 Advertisements

Sterling Hospitals to foray into diagnostics bizBS Reporter |  Ahmedabad Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 05:12 PM IST
Sterling Hospitals to foray into diagnostics biz
Sterling Addlife India Ltd, which owns and manages the largest chain of corporate hospitals in Gujarat, is foraying into the fast growing diagnostics business through a new company called Sterling Accuris Wellness Ltd
Sterling Addlife India Ltd, which owns and manages the largest chain of corporate hospitals in Gujarat, is foraying into the fast growing diagnostics business through a new company called Sterling Accuris Wellness Ltd.
This new company will operate diagnostic centers including radiology and pathology under the brand name 'Sterling Accuris Diagnostics'.
Rajiv Sharma, chief operating officer, Sterling Hospitals, informed that in the first phase there were plans to open six main diagnostic hubs at places like Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Rajkot, Bhavnagar, Surat and Kutch, along with 20 smaller centers across Gujarat.
The initial investment could be to the tune of Rs 25-30 crore, he added.
Sterling plans to complete the first phase within the next three years, and thereafter spread the diagnostics brand outside Gujarat to neighbouring states like Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh.
"The Sterling brand is quite well established in these states. We get around 115-125 patients from Rajasthan every month at our hospital in Ahmedabad," Sharma said.
The company will also set up a new state of the art standalone laboratory in Ahmedabad, which will be equipped to handle high-end diagnostic tests.
Nikhil M Lala, corporate head, medical services & quality medical administration, Sterling Addlife India Ltd elaborated that Sterling Accuris would be equipped to conduct tests in the areas of cytogenetics, real time PCRs to quantify viral load, and also flow cytometrics for early detection of leukemia.
The area of diagnostics is growing at a CAGR of around 12-15% and is estimated to be around $2.4 billion dollar market in the country at the moment, or around 3% of the total healthcare business, Sharma said.
There are around 100,000 laboratories in the country, and around 5,000 labs in Gujarat. Of this, around 10-12% is expected to be in the organised sector. Sharma further said that in Gujarat the out-of-hospital diagnostics market is estimated roughly to be around Rs 5,00-6,00 crore.
 Advertisements

Rajan warns against abrupt reversal of global low interest ratesRajan warns against abrupt reversal of global low interest rates
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 11:  
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, who had predicted the 2008 financial meltdown, has said that abrupt reversal of low interest rates globally could create substantial amounts of damage and that it should be done in predictable and careful way.
He was also worried that altering the price of capital for substantial period of time distorts investment decision and the nature of the economies.
“We’re in the hole we are in. To reverse it by changing abruptly would create substantial amounts of damage. So I’m with (US Federal Reserve) officials in saying that as we get out of this, let’s get out of this in a predictable and careful way, rather than in one go,” he told Time magazine.
He was asked whether quickly reversing low rates could backfire.
Asked whether super easy money has led to misallocation of capital, he said his greater worry was that by altering the price of capital for a substantial period of time, “are we also, in a sense, distorting investment decisions and the nature of economy we will have.
“Have we artificially kept the real rate of interest somehow below what should be the appropriate natural rate of interest today and created bad investment that is not the most appropriate for the economy?”
To a question whether long term low interest rate means trouble, Rajan said his sense was that monetary policy can do only so much and beyond a certain point it does more damage than good.
A number of years over central bankers have convinced markets that they will continuously come to their rescue and will keep rates really low for long that has pushed asset prices beyond fundamentals and made markets much more vulnerable to adverse news, he said.
Asked about the lack of coordination in the global financial system led by the US, he said the US should recognise that actions of emerging economies to protect themselves over the long run have come back to affect the US.
He said there was room for greater dialogue on how these policies should be conducted not just to be nice but because in the medium run it was in the US’ own self interest.
“If you are not careful about the volatility you create, others will have to respond, and everybody is worse off,” he said.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Moneycontrol should upgrade in add shares option.as these ccd are goin...New Member
0 Follower
Moneycontrol should upgrade in ADD SHARES option.As these CCD are going to listed for 18 months before they are converted to compulsory 1 share.
In reply to : JSmith message
about 1 hr 24 min 42 sec ago

Frilp to make foray into Southeast Asian marketUpdated: September 11, 2014 00:03 IST
Frilp to make foray into Southeast Asian market
Sanjay Vijayakumar
company information
Looks at a separate version for select communities such as people in a specific residential apartment or companies.
Frilp, an online platform that helps users discover a shop or service through their friends and people they trust in the real world, plans to make a foray into the Southeast Asian market by the end of this year.
The Chennai-based Frilp — short for Friend’s Help — is also looking at a separate version for select communities such as people in a specific residential apartment or companies.
The firm’s proprietary algorithm prepares individual graphs of people looking for help, their profiles, relationships as well as likes and dislikes.
Users can search for a particular business in the existing recommendations or could go for the ‘ask’ option, which allows other users in the circle to respond to the query. If no one responds within a specific period, experts identified by Frilp would chip in.
“Statistically, it takes anywhere between four and seven days from the time someone comes across a business and to take it to action. Alternatively, if the same person asks for the info from a friend, the need to do further due diligence is reduced — primarily because the source is non-anonymous, trustable, and probably shares similar preferences,” Frilp co-founder Senthil Kanthaswamy said.
He also said the venture’s focus was oncutting down on the information noise, and giving a handful of highly relevant and relative results which would help them execute a transaction in the shortest possible time.
In this regard, the firm is also mentored by Stanford University professor Ashish Goel, who earlier worked on Twitter’s search and recommendation system. The company will also be mentored by Google.
Mr. Senthil said the site would rope in select communities free of cost. “We are going about the same way as Facebook, which started up as closed group in Harvard and then opened up to other Universities and public.”
There was lot of demand for discovery services in Southeast Asia such as Dubai, Singapore or Indonesia where Internet penetration was high and the firm would look to make a foray into one of these locations, he added.

Location always important in placing D.C. speed camerasResponding to the inspector general’s report on widespread weaknesses in the city’s automated traffic enforcement program , D.C. Police Chief Cathy L. Lanier said in a statement:
“The report demonstrates a fundamental misunderstanding of the purpose of the ATE program and traffic safety enforcement in general. The goal is not to reduce traffic violations at a single location or time of day; the goal is to modify driver behavior throughout the District so that pedestrians, bicyclists, and other motorists are safer while using the roadways.”
Her statement also said, “There is widespread support for the District’s ATE program among residents.”
That’s true. But when people express support for red light cameras and speed cameras, they do think of specific locations, usually within their neighborhoods.
This matches up with many of the public comments cited by the police department in responding to the report. These are just a few to illustrate:
ANC6B seeks assistance with any and all measures to improve pedestrian safety at [Eighth and D streets SE]. We appreciate your assistance in quickly implementing the suggested camera. – ANC Commissioner Brian Flahaven
Thank you for installing the traffic camera on North Portal. Please consider speed cameras along West Beach, Sudbury and Primrose since these are heavily used streets during the rush hour by speeding vehicles. – ANC Commissioner Acqunetta Anderson
I am writing to let you know that the 150-foot stretch of Nannie Helen Burroughs Avenue NE between Kenilworth Terrace and the southbound exit ramp from the Anacostia Freeway (D.C. 295) desperately needs photo enforcement to deter drivers from running red lights, blocking the box, and dangerously ignoring pedestrians’ right of way. — Dan Milstein, Eastland Gardens Civic Association
Since the District began the speed camera program in 2001, it always has been about specific locations. That includes the request from the D.C. Council in 2013 that the District Department of Transportation coordinate a study to determine the relationship between traffic safety and the location of the cameras, either installed or proposed – a grand total of 295 locations at the time of the study.
The purpose, as the study noted, was “to instill public trust that speed cameras are installed by the D.C. government to improve safety and not just increase local revenues.”
After an evaluation of the 295 sites, the District gave itself a perfect score, according to the findings, released in January. The agencies involved were able to justify every single, existing, planned or proposed location for traffic cameras. That’s remarkable. Even Mary Poppins was only “practically perfect.”
Neighborhood for proposed speed camera on Kentucky Avenue SE.
Turns out perfection isn’t that hard to achieve. Let’s look at one of the proposed sites, the 100-200 block of Kentucky Avenue SE. The avenue links East Capitol Street in the north with Pennsylvania Avenue in the south. The posted speed limit is 25 mph, with one travel lane in each direction.
The thing is, there’s no evidence that speeding is a chronic problem at this location. “The mean speed is less than the posted speed in both directions at this location,” the researchers said. Data showed a low number of crashes.
Don’t despair. We’ll find a reason yet.
Got it. The field assessment found that “the following site characteristics suggest a need for a safer travel environment: This site is located in a residential area with many apartment buildings and houses on both sides of the street and in the surrounding area.”
If that’s the test, I’m pretty sure every block deserves a speed camera. But there’s more.
“There are several bus stops and a Metro station near the site that generate pedestrian activity.”
The Metro station is Eastern Market, half a mile away. The bus stops are along East Capitol Street, Independence Avenue and Massachusetts Avenue. You could reach one by walking about a fifth of a mile. Here again, if that’s the standard, any D.C. resident could make a pretty good case for accessorizing the front curb with a speed camera.
“There are four schools in the area: Hine Junior High School, Watkins Elementary School, International Graduate University and Payne Elementary School.” Hine is half a mile away, but why quibble? It closed a few years ago. Payne, at least, is still open and about a five-minute walk away on the south side of C Street SE.
Conclusion: “Although the speed data analysis showed low travel speeds and the crash data analysis showed a low number of crashes in this area, there are other factors that reflect a safety concern. Due to the specific site characteristics of a residential area, the proximity of school zones, and the pedestrian generators, there is a nexus between traffic safety and speed camera at this location.”
Nexus, shmexus. It’s a stretch.
After its own review of the study, the inspector general’s office recommended that D.C. police and the District Department of Transportation should, “to bolster public trust in the District’s automated speed enforcement program, critically evaluate the January 2014 traffic safety study protocol and its results, and request and document further justification prior to installing [automated traffic enforcement] equipment at any of the planned or proposed locations addressed in the study.”
Response from the agencies to the inspector general?
“Disagree. The methodology used in the 2014 Safety Nexus Study was thorough, and accurately reflects the findings of traffic safety experts.”
That’s not particularly supportive of building public trust in what should be an important traffic safety program. But it meshes really well with the goal described by Mayor Vincent C. Gray during a budget session in spring 2012.
When D.C. Council members asked how many cameras the District would like to install , Gray said, “Eventually, we would like to be able to cover the entire city.”
See also

Now  withdraw cash without cardUpdated: September 11, 2014 00:14 IST
Now, withdraw cash without card
Special Correspondent
banking
Customers of ICICI Bank can now transfer money from their account to anyone in India with a mobile number.
The recipient — even if he/she does not have an account with any bank — can withdraw money round-the-clock from ICICI Bank ATMs across the country. The money can be withdrawn without having a debit card also.
The private bank has just launched a new service called Cardless Cash Withdrawal.
The facility can be initiated by any ICICI Bank savings account customer (sender) by logging into internet banking at www.icicibank.com.
The sender first needs to register the recipient’s name, mobile number and address. The sender will get a four-digit verification code, while the recipient a six-digit reference code over SMS. The recipient can withdraw cash from almost all ICICI Bank ATMs by entering mobile number, cash amount along with the verification and reference code, within two days of the transaction.
This service can also be used by the bank’s account-holders to withdraw cash from their own accounts without using a debit card. This new service initiative is part of the bank’s ongoing strategy to leverage on technology to enhance customer experience across banking channels, says a release from the bank.

Why cant govt come up with best schools at primary level: SupremeCourtPrint
SC stressed the need for more initiatives by the government to establish quality primary schools.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 6:00 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 6:03 pm
The Supreme Court on Thursday stressed the need for more initiatives by the government to establish quality primary schools to beat the rush in some of the minority-run institutions in the country.
“If the government-run medical colleges are considered as best in the country why can’t the government come up with bestschools at primary level? It is the duty of the government to have more schools,” a bench comprising justices A R Dave and U U Lalit said.
“Government medical colleges have been always preferred. Now we are seeing private colleges because of business purpose,” the bench observed.
The remarks were made while staying the order of the Karnataka High Court directing some minority institutions to admit children under the 25 per quota falling under backward class in accordance with the Right to Education (RTE).
The schools challenged the order saying that aided and unaided minority institutions are outside the purview of RTE. They said the high court asked them to take 26 students for nursery as the school managements did not have the certificate of National Commission for Minorities declaring them minority institutions which they secured during the course of litigation.
The apex court was told that if the high court decision was allowed to stand, it will have far reaching consequences as many of the minority-run educational institutions of past have not secured such certificate.
The bench posted the matter for final hearing for November 10 while asking the Karnataka government and others to complete all the paper works so that there would be continuous hearing in the matter.

Can We Stop Endlessly Replaying The Ray Rice Video  PleaseCan We Stop Endlessly Replaying The Ray Rice Video, Please?
Posted:
Updated:
09/09/2014  3:59 pm EDT
OWINGS MILLS, MD - MAY 23:  Running back Ray Rice of the Baltimore Ravens addresses a news conference with his wife Janay at the Ravens training center on May 23, 2014 in Owings Mills, Maryland. Rice spoke publicly for the first time since facing felony assault charges stemming from a February incident involving Janay at an Atlantic City casino.  (Photo by Rob Carr/Getty Images) | Rob Carr via Getty Images
reddit
The tape has been played over and over again: Ray Rice knocks out his now-wife, Janay, and drags her unconscious body out of an elevator.
It has run continually on cable networks, played in the background as people discuss the fallout from the Rice scandal. It's been featured on the front pages of newspapers . TMZ, the outlet which first released the video, helpfully made a GIF of the moment Janay Rice is punched in the head and falls to the floor, ensuring that the brutality never ends.
There are obviously sound editorial reasons for showing the Rice video, if sparingly — it is news, after all, and there's a case to be made that people should be exposed to the horrors of domestic violence (though that raises the question of why, exactly, we needed video like this to understand that such abuse is a problem). But the relentlessness of the footage, the eagerness with which it seemed to be repeated, troubled me.
While I was taking the Rice footage in, my thoughts turned to two other videos which recently shook the world — the ones which showed the murders of James Foley and Steven Sotloff .
No network or newspaper would ever have shown the images of Sotloff and Foley beheaded, of course, but there was a fierce debate about whether any portion of the ISIS videos was appropriate to display. Newspapers that ran pictures from the video on their front pages were roundly condemned .
But there seems to be little discomfort from many outlets in playing the Rice video—all of it—over and over and over again. Surely, though, Janay Rice deserves the same kind of editorial caution granted to other victims. After all, what is being shown is a crime committed against her, a deeply traumatic event being played out in public on a humiliating scale. Every choice of hers is being mercilessly dissected. Isn't it important that she be treated with all possible empathy?
It's easy to think that the images of Sotloff and Foley kneeling before their captors were worse in some way than the images from the Rice video, but it's also worth asking how much, exactly, that is true. Is video of Janay Rice being knocked unconscious, of her being dragged around like a rag doll, that much better or simpler to deal with than video of Steven Sotloff reading a statement while a man stands over him with a knife?
Janay Rice has already said she feels like she is living through a "nightmare." No matter what we think of the situation she is in, hopefully we can agree that it serves no purpose to gratuitously extend that nightmare, even when any news value has long since disappeared.
More:

Air pollution in cities harms childrens  brains  raises risk of Alzheimers: ResearchChildren living in polluted cities have higher chances of developing brain inflammation and neurodegenerative changes that raise the risk of diseases such as Alzheimer's or Parkinson's, according to researchers.
 
When air particulate matter and heir components such as metals and toxins (like carbon and sulphur) are inhaled and swallowed, they pass through damaged cell barriers — including in the brain, lungs and gastro-intestinal tract — and cause long-lasting damage, found researchers at the University of Montana.
 
The team from the US university compared 58 serum and cerebrospinal fluid samples from a control group living in a low-pollution city and matched them by age, gender, socioeconomic status and education to 81 children living in Mexico City.
 
Children living in Mexico City were found to have higher serum and cerebrospinal fluid levels of auto-antibodies against key neural proteins and combustion metals, which damages the brain over time.
 
The result of constant exposure to air pollution and damage to all barriers eventually has significant consequences later in life. The paper appeared in the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease.
 
Air pollution a big killer in India
 
Polluted outdoor air caused 620,000 premature deaths in India in 2010, the last year for which nationwide data is available. This was a six-fold jump from the 100,000 deaths in 2000, said the Global Burden of Disease 2013, which tracks deaths and illnesses from all causes every 10 years.
 
Of the 180 cities monitored by India’s Central Pollution Control Board in 2012, only two — Malappuram and Pathanamthitta in Kerala — meet the criteria of low air pollution (50% below the standard).
 
Air pollution killed 7 million people in 2012, causing one in eight of the total deaths globally, said the World Health Organization (WHO).
 
The new estimate, which includes both outdoor and indoor air pollution, is almost double the earlier WHO estimate of 3.7 million deaths for outdoor air pollution in 2012.
 
Indoor air pollution caused 4.3 million deaths in 2012 in homes cooking over coal, wood and biomass stoves, say the current estimates. Worldwide, 2.9 billion people live in homes using wood, coal or dung as their primary cooking fuel.
 
This makes air pollution the world’s biggest environmental health risk, with most deaths being caused by heart disease, strokes or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
 
It is also linked to deaths from lung cancer and acute respiratory infections.
 
In India, air pollution is the biggest cause of death after high blood pressure, indoor air pollution (mainly from smoking chullahs), tobacco use and poor nutrition.
Deaths due to outdoor air pollution
• 40% - heart disease
• 11% - chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)
• 6% - lung cancer
• 3% - acute lower respiratory infections in children.
 
Deaths caused by indoor air pollution
• 34% - stroke;

Aircel-Maxis deal: Dayanidhi Maran  forced  Sivasankaran to sell his cos  says CBIBSE Sensex closes under 27,000-mark on US Fed worries; sell-off hits Sun Pharma, ONGC, Coal India
Sensex fell over 72 points to close below the 27,000 mark for the first time in nearly two weeks.

Obama wont admit error  repeats mistakesBy Jennifer Rubin September 10 at 9:38 PM Follow @JRubinBlogger
As we suspected, President Obama tried in his Wednesday-night speech to make it sound like he was doing something new when he, in fact, he is not. Moreover, in describing his response, he made plain that he doesn’t take the threat to the homeland seriously. For a threat his advisers say is greater than that posed by al-Qaeda after 2001, he proposed measures suitable for Yemen and Somalia. No, really — that’s the plan.
The White House on Wednesday night. (Win McNamee/Getty Images)
For starters, the president doesn’t believe the Islamic State is a current threat to the U.S.: “So ISIL poses a threat to the people of Iraq and Syria, and the broader Middle East – including American citizens, personnel and facilities. If left unchecked, these terrorists could pose a growing threat beyond that region – including to the United States.” That explains a lot of what followed and the total lack of urgency he conveyed.
Hundreds of U.S. military personnel are already on the ground training Iraqis. The question was whether Obama would agree to bolster that force and provide additional help, such as communications and special ops, and avoid signaling the limits to our commitment. He announced that a grand total of 950 troops (half of which are already there) will provide assistance, intelligence and training. (Outside experts have put the more appropriate number at 10,000-15,000.) As his addiction to anti-Bush foreign policy dictates, he declared, “But I want the American people to understand how this effort will be different from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. It will not involve American combat troops fighting on foreign soil.” And if airstrikes are not sufficient? If the 950 military men and women are not enough? Well, that is always the rub.
We already are providing (supposedly) some belated, minimal assistance to the Free Syrian Army, although non-jihadis have said they need more potent weapons and more of them. Are we going to upgrade the quality and quantity of aid? All Obama would say was: “I again call on Congress to give us additional authorities and resources to train and equip these fighters.” Is this more of the same or an improvement in weaponry?
He insisted, “This strategy of taking out terrorists who threaten us, while supporting partners on the front lines, is one that we have successfully pursued in Yemen and Somalia for years.” But if the Islamic State, which occupies vast territory and is highly trained and very well organized, than I suppose it won’t work.
The president’s use of these countries for comparison is telling. He didn’t list Libya, where this strategy failed miserably. Libya is now war-torn, another haven for jihadists. It was where four Americans lost their lives because no one in the administration was willing to provide on-the-ground assistance to stabilize the country and, as the country’s central government crumbled, failed to anticipate a jihadist threat. Moreover, the idea that we can leave U.S. troops out of it has resulted in the near-disintegration of Iraq. Obama simply won’t recognize error. He refuses to learn the lessons of failure because he doesn’t recognize that he has failed.
Even Yemen is an odd comparison. In a speech Wednesday, Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) seemed to anticipate the “look, no ground troops” approach. “And, of course, we’ve all seen how eager the President was to declare an end to the War on Terror.  But as the President was focused on unwinding or reversing past policies through executive order, the threat from Al Qaeda and affiliated groups only metastasized,” McConnell recalled. “Uprisings in North Africa and the broader Middle East resulted in additional ungoverned space in Syria, Libya, Egypt and Yemen. There were prison breaks in Iraq, and Pakistan, and Libya, and the release of hundreds of prisoners in Egypt. Terrorists also escaped from prisons in Yemen, a country that’s no more ready to detain the terrorists at Guantanamo today than they were in 2009. “  In other words, jihadis there are “manageable” – not a comforting model of success.
It is hard to discern what is new, what strategy Obama has actually come up with after months — years, really — of doing nothing serious to combat a threat both to the U.S. and our allies. We already are conducting some airstrikes. He said the strikes will extend beyond humanitarian assistance, but what will they go after and how will we know what to hit with so small a force on the ground? Again, we don’t really know. We don’t even know when airstrikes will be extended to Syria. All he would say was, “I have made it clear that we will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country, wherever they are. That means I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria, as well as Iraq.” Hmm, but do these currently threaten our country? He seems not to believe so.
He says he will lead a “broad” coalition (about 40 countries less than the coalition President George W. Bush organized). But what will they do? So far, he says, “allies are flying planes with us over Iraq; sending arms and assistance to Iraqi Security Forces and the Syrian opposition; sharing intelligence; and providing billions of dollars in humanitarian aid.” But wait: “In the coming days [Kerry] will travel across the Middle East and Europe to enlist more partners in this fight, especially Arab nations who can help mobilize Sunni communities in Iraq and Syria to drive these terrorists from their lands.” So who has signed up and what countries are helping us to rally the Sunnis of Iraq, a job Obama evidently is leaving to others?
There appeared to be a deliberate effort to downplay the expectations. (This makes sense since his plan will accomplish so little.) When he said the effort will be a “steady, relentless effort,” you got the feeling it will also be very, very slow so that we won’t be able to assess its success, at least not on his watch.
In other words, Obama has dressed up his preference for half-measures, called it a “strategy” and signaled to foes and friends that we don’t have the wherewithal to devote our full effort to the fight. As Charles Krauthammer remarked before the speech on Fox News, “If [Obama] thinks that Yemen and Somalia are comparable to ISIS, I mean he’s living on the moon. The real comparison here is to the original Afghan campaign.” Or to Iraq, which blew up on his watch when troops on the ground departed.
Ending on an incongruous note about domestic policy, Obama seemed to suggest that this what really matters — getting back to his agenda at home.
I wonder how Hillary Clinton feels about this. Is she willing to offer something more “aggressive” and “decisive,” as her spinners claim, or is she in agreement with the president? The latter would suggest that she is simply Obama with better spinners. If a reporter ropes her into a serious interview, he or she might ask her what she would do. She wants to be commander in chief, doesn’t she?
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410399504/1410399504000/1410399504 tracking: {authors=Jennifer Rubin, blog_name=right-turn, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=obamas-consistent-unseriousness-about-the-islamic-state, post_id=28284, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 1:38:24 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 1:38:24 AM

Fed rate hike worries weigh on rupee. Do you see the rupee weakening below 62 by end of this monthRepost
Guest
INR has been appreciating for quiet a few months due to lower inflation numbers, increased inflow of funds , smaller CAD.  Infact it would have appreciated further, had not RBI been purchasing USD on continuous basis to strenghten Foreign exhcange reserves.  Fed rate hike will increase over all rates across the world and it will have little effect on Indian markets as INR interests are substantially higher than the USD.  The gap will be still good for attracting the FII flows.  Many experts are expecting that INR will move between 60 62  in the one year. Hence it is premature to assume it will touch 62 by this month end.  For a volatile Fx markets, it is not a big distance to cross but to stay above that will be difficult.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
about 7 hrs 56 min 15 sec ago

Love jihad : Shiv Sena blames  global conspiracy  to destroy HindusBSE Sensex closes under 27,000-mark on US Fed worries; sell-off hits Sun Pharma, ONGC, Coal India
Sensex fell over 72 points to close below the 27,000 mark for the first time in nearly two weeks.

Mumbai power outage probe : Tata Power unit tripped due to technical snagSanjay Jog |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 05:22 PM IST
Mumbai power outage probe : Tata Power unit tripped due to technical snag
A committee headed by the Maharashtra energy secretary Ajoy Mehta has observed that massive power outage took place on September 2 in Mumbai was due to technical snag at the Tata Power's unit 5 (500 MW) at the Trombay plant.
A committee headed by the Maharashtra energy secretary Ajoy Mehta has observed that massive power outage took place on September 2 in Mumbai was due to technical snag at the Tata Power's unit 5 (500 MW) at the Trombay plant. However, the committee, which will submit its report to the state government by Monday, has clearly noted that had the utilities completed the transmission network strengthening in Greater Mumbai in a time bound manner, it would have helped power evacuation from other parts of the state and country.
Further, the committee, which has sourced the necessary backup data from the state load dispatch centre (SLDC), has made a strong case for generation capacity addition to meet the increasing power requirement in the city and also exploring options such as roof top solar projects and power generation based on solid waste management.
Sources in the know told Business Standard ''Based on the SLDC data, the committee has noted that the technical fault led to tripping of Tata Power's unit five at the Trombay plant. However, transmission constraints impacted evacuation of power from the grid which would have provided relief to the consumers. There will not be witch hunting but it is committee's attempt to see that Mumbai's pre eminence as the commercial and financial capital is maintained with an uninterrupted and reliable power supply.''
The committee was formed by the state cabinet at its meeting held on September 3. The state cabinet had expressed serious concern over power outage asking the committee to look into the causes and recommend short and long term measures. Mumbai's peak load has already moved to 3350 MW against the connected generation of only 2500 MW. Tata Power, Reliance Infrastructure, BrihanMumbai Electric Supply & Transport (BEST) and state-run Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company (MahaVitaran) are supplying power to Mumbaikars.
Moreover, the committee has suggested that distribution utilities can explore an option of reaching an arrangement with MahaVitaran for the power supply from state grid. ''However, for that to happen, upgradation and strengthening of transmission network is key,'' sources said.
Ashok Pendse, consumer representative at the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) shared the committee's observations. ''Unless and until we are in a position to strengthen the transmission network whereby the additional power can be brought in Mumbai, the sword will keep on hanging on Mumbai's head. At present, almost 1,000 to 1,200 MW is the deficit. Even if Tata Power's unit 6 is converted into coal its capacity will be 250 MW,'' Pendse noted. He however, suggested that the government will have to expeditiously address the issues relating to right of the way and various clearance which will have way for the utilities to strengthen transmission network.
 Advertisements

Many moods  many modesUpdated: September 11, 2014 19:18 IST
Many moods, many modes
The Hindu Kathak dance performance by Abhimanyu Lal and Vidha Lal. Photo: S. Mahinsha
TOPICS
A round-up of events held in New Delhi this past week.
Two ends of the spectrum
For art enthusiasts gathered at the Yellow Drawing Room of the Rashtrapathi Bhavan, the release of Commemorative Postage Stamps on some of the legendary Indian musicians evoked joy that the contribution of artists was being immortalised by the Government. Many may have nurtured a secret hope that if music came in for recognition, dance could not be far behind. But on the other hand, the strange silence on the national television about the passing away in Bangalore of Kathak Guru Maya Rao this past week was an inexplicable act of omission. As one of the very first batch of students to join the Bharatiya Kala Kendra in 1955 as a disciple of the great Guru Shambhu Maharaj, Maya Rao forms a very important historical link in the spread of Kathak in contemporary India. A soul of dignity and decorum, her efforts in linking Kathak theory with the shastras (which after some hesitation even Guru Shambhu Maharaj applauded) and her entire foray into choreography after training under Russian choreographers finally leading to the institution she ran in Bangalore, earned her great respect in the Kathak biradari. The nearly 5000 strong crowd at her funeral spoke for itself of the kind of place she occupied in the heart of the art — loving Bangaloreans.
Strange apathy to quality
Guru Gajendra Panda, one of the senior most disciples of late Guru Debaprasad Das, highly informed and talented artist as he is, seems surprisingly lacking when it comes to turning out disciples of excellence. The 7th Guru Debaprasad Nrutya Parampara 2014, organised as a tribute to the late Guru, at the India Habitat Centre’s Stein auditorium where Tridhara from Bhubaneswar and Debadhara from New Delhi presented their students, was a case in point. How can half-baked disciples, who still have a long way to go before their bodies become familiar with how the Odissi technique works be presented on an occasion where one is paying homage to one of the strictest of Gurus?
The only redeeming feature of the evening was Ramli Ibrahim’s solo. His body retains its shape even now and while he may not be the dancer he was a decade ago, his ‘Ganga Tarangam’ had the passion of a lifelong journey in the dance, and ecstatic involvement in portraying the grandeur of Shiva, making up for the loss of virtuosity. Dashavatar had the same vibes of strong conviction transcending dwindling physical vigour in the dance.
Gangadhar Pradhan’s disciple Sangeeta Hazarika could barely move, though she may be a good teacher. Her ‘Nava Durga’ in non action failed to communicate. As for Archana Murali of Coimbatore, with her typical Bharatanatyam fan costume, the body from years of Bharatanatyam has not mastered the isolating of the torso required in Odissi technique. The straight lines and linear geometry of movement, (notwithstanding her desire to learn Odissi, coming all the way from Coimbatore for the event), was anything but Odissi and the ‘Ashta Shambhu’ she presented, despite rhythmic accuracy could only be called nondescript in identity. The Kalavati Pallavi, presented by students of Binayak Panda of Debadhara, mustered a general uniformity though the students were not individually of the same professional standard.
The evening ended with Gajendra Panda’s group presenting ‘GananayakaPanchakam’. Some of the group arrangements were aesthetic and the sequence well brought out pertained to the birth of Ganesha with Shiva being disallowed entry into Parvati’s chamber — the young dwarapala being beheaded by Shiva, whose remorse after knowing what he had done led to the birth of Ganesh. The entire choreography with possibilities needed more immaculate dance with participants of professional calibre.
Parampara festival
Daughters of the Natya Tarangini Parampara of the Reddys, were the main participants of the annual Parampara event — Yamini and Bhavana — providing the inspiration for the theme of the festival ‘Bhavayami’. Following the breezy Ganapati invocation, Yamini presented ‘Narasimhavataram’ set to Kamala manohari in Khandatriputa talam. For a female dancer, not impersonating a character in a Yakshagana performance, draped in the required costume, to portray in a theatrical ekaharya lasyanga presentation, Lord Visnu as man-lion chasing Hiranyakashipu to tear at his entrails with his claw-like hands, is not easy to sustain. That Yamini could transcend her femininity goes to her credit. Experience will enhance the quality of ferocity evoked. In Vijayashri, she had a tuneful vocalist, with fine mridanga accompaniment by Tanjavur Kesavan. And Kaushalya Reddy was at her authoritative best in the nattuvangam. Yamini’s own visualisation of Swati Tirunal’s Thillana ‘Geetadhwani’ showed an encouraging eye for group aesthetics. The nritta interludes interwoven gave the item a racy character. Rasa Sabdam, based on Oothukadu Venkatasubbaiyer’s “Marakata Manimaya’’ in Arabhi Ragam with the Tarangam, showed Yamini and other disciples in a well combined presentation.
Riveting combination
The other young torchbearers in the Parampara festival, Vidha Lal and Abhimanyu, made a riveting Kathak lasya/tandava combination. If Vibha with her presence and quicksilver ‘chakkars’ makes for winsome appeal, Abhimanyu’s grasp over the abstract rhythmic combinations adds a strong definitive element to the weight of the entire performance. The chalans, the ‘Dha dhi Kitataka’ sequence, ‘Lamchand Paran’ (by Vidha), the 2 to 8 arithmetic woven into a phrase with perfect awareness of the fractional intervals between beats (by Abhimanyu) and all the nritta bits with ‘chakkars’ both clockwise and anti-clockwise were racy and immaculate. In all this, a word of caution to Abhimanyu to look after his waist line better!
Raigarh gharana’s future
After Alpana Vajpeyi — the sole dancer of solo repute — in the last several years from the Raigharh gharana, it was a welcome sight watching young Srishti Gupta, a disciple of Alpana, performing at the India International Centre, the evening jointly sponsored by Seher. Right from the invocation to Ganesh, the audience could feel the ability for involvement, in the tranquillity, meditative tone and quiet wonder the dancer — very aesthetically turned out — brought to bear on the dance. One would have liked to experience her interpretative abilities, which with a too crowded calendar for that evening, one missed. But the nritta in Tala Dhamar with the quaint mingled aroma of both Jaipur and Lucknow gharanas in the Raigarh repertoire, displayed in the rhythmic correctness a soft freezing without any harsh or aggressive tones. A Kavit, Parmelu or Thata (the last more of Jaipur gharana) one saw the graceful ang which combined lyricism of movement without any strident angularities. In the improvisations strung into the lehra, synchronised percussion with Ravi Dwivedi on pakhawaj and Ramendrasingh Solanki on tabla, and footwork, could have been better. The dancer tended to rely more on the lehra played on the Sarangi by Ghashyam Sisodia. One would like to see more of this dancer.

Samsung Tab S gives competition to iPad AirSAMSUNG TAB S
Price: Rs 37,800
Specs: 8.4-inch display, 8 MP camera, Android KitKat, 1.9 GHz + 1.3 GHz quad core processor, 16 GB internal storage, expandable, IR Blaster, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth
Similar to Android phones, Samsung has flooded the tablet space too. The recent launch being the Tab S , that looks like a bigger sibling of the Galaxy S5 smartphone.
The front display is accompanied with the multi-tasking key, back key and home key. The rear has the same textured finish. The 8.4-inch tab has got a 2560x1600 super AMOLED display which is super bright and was amazing to watch videos and brightness.
It is powered by an Exynos 5 Octa processor (1.9 GHz quad-core+ 1.3 GHz quad-core) and is couple with 3 GB of RAM. It runs on Android 4.4 (KitKat) and tops Samsung's customised UI. It feature 16 GB internal storage and a microSD card slot that supports cards of up to 128 GB.
The overall performance of the tablet is smooth, including streaming videos and playing games. Watching full HD Videos and playing heavy graphic games was like a breeze.
The tab didn't showed any lag or heated. It has got a fingerprint scanner to unlock the phone, an IR blaster for making it work as a remote control. It also packs in an 8 MP rear camera, which can even be used for casual photography.
BAG IT OR JUNK IT: Gives competition to Apple iPad Air.

Gold falls near 3-month low on US outlookGold falls near 3-month low on US outlook
PTI
London, Sept 11:  
Gold today fell toward a three-month low as investors assessed the outlook for an improving US economy.
Gold lost 0.1 per cent to USD 1,248.05 an ounce. It fell to USD 1,243.95 yesterday, the lowest since June 5. Silver also slipped by 0.7 per cent to USD 18.83 an ounce after reaching USD 18.82, the lowest since June 5.
Holdings in silver-backed exchange-traded products rose to 19,897.5 metric tonnes yesterday, the highest since November.
Prospects for higher borrowing costs in the US and the European Central Bank’s announcement of more stimulus helped the Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index reach a 14-month high yesterday.
Data this week may show US retail sales improved. The Federal Reserve, which has been cutting bond buying, meets September 16-17.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Yes  finally two of my laggards rec & escort moving today.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Michael Brown Supporters Arrested in Missouri
Tamil Nadu CM calls for  broad consensus  on GSTTamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa calls for 'broad consensus' on GST
PTI     Chennai   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 15:08 IST
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa(Photo: Reuters)
The Tamil Nadu government has said the Centre should strive for a 'broad consensus' on many aspects related to Goods and Services Tax  (GST) and address states' concerns on 'permanent revenue loss' in this regard.
This was stated in a letter to Finance Minister Arun Jaitley by Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa, who also wrote to her state counterparts in a bid to mobilise support on GST issues raised by her.
In her September 10 letter, which was released by the state government on Thursday, Jayalalithaa recalled she had submitted a letter to Jaitley in person in June this year, highlighting some of the 'crucial' financial issues pertaining to Tamil Nadu, including the proposed GST.
Pointing out to a revised draft Constitution Amendment Bill circulated on June 20, 2014, she said that provisions relating to Declared Goods had been removed and alcoholic liquor for human consumption kept outside the GST.
"It has been brought to my notice that during the recent meeting of the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers held on August 20, 2014, consensus was reached amongst states on some more issues.
"(This is) including that the threshold limit for levy of GST on goods and services should be fixed at Rs 10 lakh; the threshold limit for compounding scheme should be fixed at Rs 50 lakh with a floor rate of tax at 1 per cent; and that the Exemption list under GST should be common for both CGST and SGST. I do hope that the Government of India would accede to all these points," she said in a letter.
States should be allowed to grant exemption on all goods of local importance without any restrictions, she said, adding they should be vested with control of dealers having a turnover up to Rs 1.5 crore both for intra-state and inter-state supply of goods and services, whereby the 'Centre can avoid expanding its administrative machinery while collecting CGST (Central GST) from such dealers.'
She disagreed with the government's proposal to bring petroleum products under GST, saying it would 'diminish' the limited revenue resource of the states.
Further, the dual levy system of states' tax on petroleum products in addition to GST was not acceptable, she said.
The Tamil Nadu CM also opposed a proposal stating GST component of the levy on petroleum products can be at a very low rate or even zero-rated for an initial period of at least three years to avert any possible sudden revenue loss to the states.
She said there was no certainty that the revenue gain on account of levy of tax on services and on import of goods in this period would be substantial enough to offset revenue loss on account of bringing petroleum products under GST ambit.
"Nor is there any guarantee that GST will not be prematurely imposed on petroleum products. Since the resources of the states are already limited, I strongly urge that petroleum and petroleum products should be kept completely outside the ambit of GST," she wrote to the Finance Minister.
She said aspects like threshold limit for levy of GST, goods and services which are to be exempted, rates including floor rates with bands and taxes to be subsumed under GST, were some of the crucial factors for determining the Revenue Neutral Rate (RNR).
She noted that the 'Place of Supply of Service Rules' which are to be framed would also play a vital role in estimating tax revenue from services to the States.
"Without finalising these important elements, it may not be feasible to accurately calculate the State-wise Revenue Neutral Rates. In any case, the cumulative nominal rate of GST (CGST+SGST) cannot be fixed very high, as it would appear regressive and this is bound to keep the GST rate well below the Revenue Neutral Rate (RNR) for a state like Tamil Nadu.
Hence, there is bound to be huge revenue loss," she said.
With Tamil Nadu being a manufacturing state, it stands to permanently lose substantial revenue if GST is implemented, 'due to the sudden shift of levy from the point of origin to the point of destination,' she said.
"In addition to the revenue loss arising out of phasing out of CST and transfer of Input Tax Credit on inter-state sales and inter-state stock transfers, the state also stands to lose substantial revenue arising out of subsumption of other taxes such as entertainment tax, luxury tax, entry tax on vehicles and betting tax," she told the Finance Minister.
The Chief Minister called for an independent compensation mechanism and methodology for revenue losses suffered by the states for implementation of GST and insisted that it should not be a mere legal provision as 'suggested by' officials, but one that should be enshrined in the Constitution itself and 'not reduced to an instrument of Union policy which may change from time to time.'

Collaboration Is as Easy as Knowing Your ABC sIn my book, FLAT ARMY: Creating a Connected and Engaged Organization (Wiley) I define collaboration as follows:
The unfettered allowance and encouragement of employees to both contribute and consume knowledge, insight or ideas with any direct relationship via professional or personal networks to achieve an outcome.
Sadly, many leaders and employees simply don't know how to be collaborative. They'd rather hoard documents on their hard drive, take credit for ideas, close their office door and pretend no one else is around or complete an action without ever asking anyone for input or advice.
And we wonder why employee engagement levels remain so anemic in today's organizations.
There is hope, however, and perhaps that comes in the form of adding to the definition of collaboration.
If we were to elaborate on the definition, we might even suggest there are 'The ABC's of Collaboration':
Accessible - Be approachable & available to your team & those who expect your insight & opinions.
Benevolent - To be disposed and to want to do good is a key part of being collaborative with others.
Challenge - Groupthink does not equal collaboration. To challenge is to professionally debate by collaborating.
Deliver - Be free from restraint while getting things done. Recognize that the team must demonstrate results.
Embrace - To accept willingly. To well avail one's self to an opportunity, to an idea and to those in the network.
Fluid - Not being fixed to a given mindset, but to readily change opinion as the situation warrants.
Graft - To attach or incorporate new ideas, concepts and thoughts into old and dated problems.
Hello - Is there anything more collaborative than saying hello? Try it next time in the elevator.
Impart - To be collaborative is to disclose and make known both your knowledge and your perspective.
Jest - Having fun, finding humour and generally having a good time can help all to become more collaborative.
Kudos - To honour, celebrate & congratulate others for their contributions is as collaborative as it gets.
Legitimate - Always be genuine and trustworthy. Legitimacy in character is akin to authenticity.
Marinate - To properly collaborate one might marinate in the moment. Pause before acting prematurely.
Noegenesis - The production of new knowledge from sensory or intellectual experience will aid others, always.
Open - The collaboration gold mine: to be forthright, impartial, exposed & available to people, ideas & the unknown.
Prepared - Being ready to contribute. Being willing to compose. Being apt to create.
Quietude - To effectively collaborate, one must enter into a state of calmness, serenity & peacefulness.
Reflective - It's incumbent upon you to mirror the collaborative spirit of others & to be thoughtful doing so.
Social - From the Latin socialis 'allied' & socius 'friend', to be social is to build a collaborative network.
Technology - The technology train left the station long ago. If you're not on it, you run the risk of alienating everyone.
Urgency - A level of persistence & earnestness will ensure others know you don't subscribe to "all talk no action".
Voice - "If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, & that voice will be silenced."
Warn - Cautionary advice & a proactive heads up to those in your collaborative circles is noble, smart & urged.
Xenodochial - One must accept that collaboration should happen with strangers too. Collaboration knows no borders.
Yearn - One must desire to be collaborative with others. To yearn is to feel collaboration is an absolute necessity.
Zeal - Demonstrate vigour & enthusiasm as you collaborate and others will judge you as positive & disarming.
Note: there will be a spelling test on Friday. Good luck.
PS. Click the images above for full-sized versions. (download for free too and share with your friends - that's what collaborating is all about)
_______
Dan Pontefract is the author of FLAT ARMY: Creating a Connected and Engaged Organization and is Chief Envisioner at TELUS Transformation Office where he helps organizations with corporate culture, connected leadership and employee engagement. He's currently at work on his next book.
Reach him at www.danpontefract.com or on Twitter @dpontefract
Follow Dan Pontefract on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dpontefract
More:

Apple Watch priced around Rs 21 200Apple Watch priced around Rs 21,200, to sell in early 2015
   Last Updated: September 10, 2014  | 02:07 IST
12:38 am:The event has ended#
12:43  am: Apple-designed leather cases will be available in black, soft pink,  olive brown, midnight blue and (RED) for $49 (US) for iPhone 6 Plus#
12:28 am: Apple watch required deep innovation. It's a precise time piece … a new innovative, intimate way to communicate directly from your wrist… and it's a comprehensive health and fitness device, says Cook#
12:21 am:Apple Watch price revealed. starting Rs 21,200, to be available in early 2015#
12:17 am:Watch works with iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPhone 5, iPhone 5C, and iPhone 5S#
12:10 am:Three kinds of models: Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport, and Apple Watch Edition#
12:06 am:There's a custom design Apple chip in the watch, called the S1. The back has four sensors, which detect pulse rate#
11:47 pm: The watch activates when you raise your hand. It comes in two sizes#
11:43 pm:"Apple watch is the most versatile device we've ever made," says Cook. It's accurate to within 50 milliseconds, and very customizable, he says#
11:40 pm: Apple unveils Watch.The Apple Watch, it's called. Apple typically introduces a few targeted SKUs, but this is a fashion item-looks like there are lots of options#
11:27 pm: Apple is promising much longer battery life, up to 80 hours for audio listening on the iPhone 6 Plus#
11:18 pm:The chip is 50 percent more energy efficient, which means the chip doesn't have to throttle down to avoid overheating. Important for things like 'playing a killer game'#
11:12 pm:These  phones have a new 64-bit processor, the A8. It gives up to a 25 percent  processor performance boost, and 50 percent faster graphics, claims  Apple#
11:06 pm:Both iPhone 6 models have Touch ID. The thumb-print technology is about to become standard on Apple products#
11:01 pm:New iPhones come with 4.7 and 5.5-inch displays#
10:50 pm:Apple launches iPhone 6, iPhone 6 plus#
10:45 pm:"Today, we are launching the biggest advancement in the history of iPhone," says Cook#
10:40 pm: 'It is great to be back in the Flint Center,' says Cook#
10:36 pm: Apple CEO Tim Cook takes the stage#
10:21 pm: Apple expected to present two versions of iPhone 6, one with a 4.7-inch screen and the other with a 5.5-inch one.#

Kashmir floods: 5 videos you must watchComments
The Jammu and Kashmir floods that have killed at least 200 people and left thousands stranded began to recede on Wednesday providing rescue teams a chance to evacuate those affected by the heaviest rainfall in the state in 50 years. 
At least 82,000 people have been rescued so far from different parts of J&K with the help of defence forces, citizens, state authorities and the National Disaster Force. Army Chief General Dalbir Singh on Wednesday reviewed the flood response and said troops will continue to work round the clock to evacuate people.
Tempers are rising amongst the locals; with some angry that relief efforts reached them six days after the floods began. Others complained about living conditions in the temporary relief camps. The real challenge now is to provide timely food, water and medical supplies to those left stranded.
Here's a compilaiton of five videos on the national calamity that you shouldn't miss.
"I am not responsible for the rains": Omar Abdullah to critics
Blame climate change for Kashmir flood misery: Sunita Narain
IAF continues to rescue Kashmir flood victims
Nation stands by Jammu and Kashmir flood victimes: Modi
Monsoon floods kill hundreds in India and Pakistan

Syria  Iran slam US for excluding them from global coalition fightingISISFILE - In this Tuesday, July 29, 2014 file photo, Islamic militants parade in Beiji, some 250 kilometers (155 miles) north of the capital, Baghdad, Iraq. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Damascus | Posted: September 11, 2014 6:02 pm
Syrian and Iranian officials criticised the Obama administration on Thursday for excluding them from an international coalition coming together in the battle against the Islamic State group, while a state-run Syrian daily warned that unauthorized U.S. airstrikes on Syria may trigger the “first sparks of fire” in the region.
Syria’s main Western-backed opposition group, meanwhile, welcomed President Barack Obama’s authorization of U.S. airstrikes targeting — for the first time — the extremists inside Syria, saying it stands “ready and willing” to partner with the international community to defeat the militants.
But the Syrian National Coalition said that airstrikes need to be coupled with a strategy for ultimately toppling President Bashar Assad.
Kurdish politicians in Iraq similarly praised Obama’s announcement of wider airstrikes and assistance to Iraqi forces.
“We welcome this new strategy,” said Hoshyar Zebari, a Kurdish politician and one of Iraq’s newly-appointed deputy prime ministers. “We think it will work with the cooperation of the indigenous local forces like Iraqi Security Forces, the Kurdish peshmerga and other forces.”
“There is an urgent need for action. People cannot sit on the fence. This is a mortal threat to everybody,” he told The Associated Press.
The U.S. began launching limited airstrikes against Islamic State targets in Iraq earlier this summer at the request of former Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, in a significant boost to the Iraqi forces, including the Kurdish peshmerga fighters, battling to win back land lost to the militant group.
The Sunni extremists seized roughly a third of Iraq and Syria in their rampage this summer, declaring a self-styled caliphate in areas under their control where they apply their strict interpretation of Islamic law.
In a prime-time address to the nation from the White House late Wednesday, Obama announced he was authorizing U.S. airstrikes inside Syria for the first time, along with expanded strikes in Iraq as part of “a steady, relentless effort” to root out Islamic State extremists and curb their reign of terror.
He also again urged Congress to authorize a program to train and arm Syrian rebels who are fighting both the Islamic State militants and Assad’s forces.
Obama did not say when U.S. forces would begin striking at targets inside Syria.
Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al-Moallem had last month warned the U.S. against carrying out airstrikes on Syrian territory without Damascus’ consent, saying any such attack would be considered an aggression.
Obama, in his speech, ruled out any partnership with Assad in the fight against the Islamic State militants, saying the Syrian leader will “never regain the legitimacy” he has lost.
“I wonder how an international coalition can be formed and Syria, which is targeted by terrorism in depth, is shunned continued…

Someone died from an injury suffered during the Napa earthquakeBy Mark Berman September 10 at 7:10 PM Follow @markberman
Some of the damage following the Napa earthquake. (Peter DaSilva/EPA)
The 6.0-magnitude earthquake that rattled Napa, Calif., last month was a fatal quake, police said this week. A 65-year-old woman died from injuries suffered during the quake , which sent dozens of people to the hospital and caused major damage in the wine country.
Laurie Anne Thompson was in her Napa home during the quake on Aug. 24 and was hit by a TV, the Napa County Sheriff’s Office said. She said she had a headache but did not go to a hospital until the following day, when her family noticed she was dizzy and that Thompson’s “cognitive functions were impaired,” police said. They convinced her to go to the hospital, but she collapsed before going and was taken in an ambulance to Queen of the Valley Hospital in Napa.
Thompson died on Friday, Sept. 5, 12 days after the quake.
The sheriff’s office first released the information four days later saying that she had died of a cranial hemorrhage sustained during the quake, so the first earthquake-related death wasn’t revealed until more than two weeks after the actual earthquake.
In a statement issued by the sheriff’s office, Thompson’s son and daughter urged anyone with a head injury to immediately seek medical attention.
While some discussion of the quake has focused on  jokes about spilled wine  and  wine industry losses , owing to where the quake occurred, it was still  a natural disaster that prompted a state of emergency, caused homes to burn to the ground and injured more than 100 people.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He anchors Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410390606/1410390606000/1410390606 tracking: {authors=Mark Berman, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=someone-died-from-an-injury-suffered-during-the-napa-earthquake, post_id=11388, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 11:10:06 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 11:10:06 PM

RBS warns it would move after Yes voteLast updated: September 11, 2014 2:22 pm
RBS warns it would relocate to England if Scots vote Yes
By Claer Barrett and Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/b454daa6-3979-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sense and superstitionsocial issue
While some Gen Y students still subscribe to age old beliefs and observe personal little ‘rituals’, others like to think themselves as realists
Call it old wives tales, urban legends or just plain, scary stories but I still shudder if a black cat crosses my path and I am doubly cautious if a Friday falls on a 13. When I was in college, I recall exams inspiring a certain type of madness in us students. We started behaving strangely and started doing things we would never do otherwise, being extra fervent in our prayers, a perfect example.
September 13 is Defy Superstation Day. Curious to see if the Gen-Y students are as superstitious as we once were, I decide to pay the students of Mar Ivanios College a visit before the college closed for the Onam holidays.
I am greeted with a familiar sight; students pouring over their books. Aryan P. Nair and Miriam Joyce Stewart are lost in their notes when I join them on their bench. The duo is busy preparing for their semester exam. Both third year literature students, Aryan looks at me incredulously when I ask him if he is superstitious before exams. “Of course I am not. You reap what you sow. If you study, you get good grades, if you don’t, no amount of fervent prayer is going to nab you that passing mark,” says Aryan.
Navaneeth Jacob Jose, their classmate who considers himself a realist, pooh-poohs exam superstitions too. He finds people donning ‘blessed’ bands on their wrists for their exams, ridiculous.
Anjali Dev, a first year MA student mentions how a hostel-mate of hers avoids eating non-vegetarian food a whole month before the exams, while Miriam notes how some of her friends draw religious symbols atop their answer sheets.
Tijo Thomas, a third year graduate student of Journalism, Mass Communication and Video Production says he has a friend who wears the same t-shirt throughout the days of examination. Another friend of his gets the pen he plans to use for the examination blessed by a priest and refuses to lend it to anyone else.
Okay, so the Gen-Y kids are usually superstitious during examinations, what about otherwise?
Miriam who used to fear mynas, says, she has outgrown the fear. “I believed in the saying that a single myna would bring misfortune; now I consider them lucky.”
Aryan recalls the time he and his brother disregarded their mother’s warning to not whistle at night as it would attract serpents. “We whistled one night, and a snake entered our room,” he says. Although, the incident freaked him out then, he now considers it a coincidence.
Aryan points out that there is usually a logical explanation to every belief. “When our elders forbade us from swinging our legs on the side of the bed as it is said it will bring misfortune, it was because in the olden days, spittoons were placed under the bed and people were afraid of it being knocked over.”
Miriam joins him by pointing out the fact that there are many who own black cats and how they are doing just fine.
Arun Abraham Varghese, a second year graduate student says he likes looking out for ‘good’ omens. For instance, he finds a rainbow a harbinger of good fortune. I catch Miriam checking her fingertips when Arun mentions how he likes to believe in a saying that if the tips of your fingers turn white, it means you will receive a gift.
“In this day and age people want hope. I have a friend who believes the rains are a sign of good things to come,” says Anjali, as the bell rings for the exams to start.
As I leave, I overhear Aryan asking Miriam, “Do you think a journalist interviewing you before an exam is considered good luck?”
(A monthly column on views from the campus)

Bond villain  Jaws  dies at 74Bond movie Super Villain 'Jaws' dies at 74
AFP  Los Angeles, September 11, 2014
First Published: 10:15 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:49 IST(11/9/2014)
Comments
Richard Kiel, who played the towering, steel-toothed baddie Jaws in two James Bond movies, died on Wednesday aged 74, a hospital spokeswoman said.
This undated publicity photo provided by United Artists and Danjaq, LLC shows Richard Kiel, right, as Jaws and Roger Moore, as James Bond, fighting in the 1977 film, The Spy Who Loved Me. Those teeth could do some serious damage. The film is included in the MGM and 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment Blu-Ray "Bond 50" anniversary set. (AP Photo/United Artists and Danjaq, LLC)
The 7-foot-2 inch (2.18-meter) actor, who made a career playing giants and villains, passed away in the Saint Agnes Medical Center in Fresno, spokeswoman Kelley Sanchez said. He would have been 75 on Saturday.
Besides Jaws, Kiel's appeared opposite Adam Sandler in the 1996 comedy Happy Gilmore and he also voiced Vlad in Disney's Oscar-nominated animated film Tangled. But he hit the bigtime with his 007 performances: Kiel was an immediate hit with filmgoers in The Spy Who Loved Me (1977) fighting 007 star Roger Moore, and returned two years later in Moonraker. "I had convinced the producer that Jaws should have some characteristics that were human to counteract the steel teeth," he said, cited by the Hollywood Reporter in a 2009 interview.
"I guess I overdid it -- I became too likable to kill off!" On the small screen Kiel played an alien in The Twilight Zone in 1959 and appeared in horror TV series Kolchak: The Night Stalker in the 1970s.
Born in Detroit, Kiel -- who had worked as a nightclub bouncer and cemetery plot salesman before getting into show business -- also appeared in TV shows including The Man from U.N.C.L.E. and The Wild Wild West.
Other big-screen credits included playing a hitman alongside Gene Wilder and Richard Pryor in 1976 comedy Silver Streak, as well as The Longest Yard (1974) with Burt Reynolds.
In 1978 he appeared in Force 10 From Navarone and in 1985 he worked with Clint Eastwood on Pale Rider. He also took a turn behind the camera, co-writing and producing the 1991 family movie The Giant of Thunder Mountain, in which he also starred. 
He reprised his Jaws character in 1999 action adventure movie Inspector Gadget with Matthew Broderick.  In 2002 he published his autobiography, appropriately called Making it Big in the Movies.
The TMZ celebrity news website, which first reported his death, said Kiel had been in hospital in Fresno since breaking his leg last week. The hospital spokeswoman could not confirm the detail.
While Jaws defined his career, Kiel said he did not consider it his greatest achievement, according to Entertainment Weekly. "My best part would probably be Captain Drazak in 'Force 10 from Navarone.' A lot of people don't even know it's me because I had a big beard and a great costume," it quoted him as saying. "As Jaws, I start off as a bad guy and turn into a good guy whereas in this I appear to be a good guy and turn into a really nasty guy.

Restaurants in KochiSubscribe to our burrptastic newsletter
You are now subscribed to our newsletter - thank you!
FOLLOW US ON

Telecom industry in India is a mess  says Vodafone India chiefTelecom industry in India is a mess, says Vodafone India chief
PTI
Mr Marten Pieters, MD and CEO of Vodafone India
New Delhi, Sept 11:  
The telecom industry in India is in a mess and it is a result of thinking that more the competition better it is, Vodafone India CEO & Managing Director, Marten Pieters, said today.
He also said that industry structure is a government responsibility ands he had seen “very little action” to change that, to take that responsibility.
“The telecom industry, if you look at it from international perspective is a mess in India ... and it seems to come from this concept which have been developed in the past the more competition the better,” Pieters said at the Economist India Summit.
“The industry structure is a problem of the government because spectrum, which is our raw material is in a limited form available and if you get too many players then you get this problem where nobody has enough spectrum,” he said.
Pieters said in the past also during his discussions with the government, he raised the point about industry structure but the latter termed it as competitive growth.
Citing the example of China, he said there are three players which are very profitable, offer the lowest tariffs and have a far better infrastructure.
He said last year China invested $50 billion in its networks, whereas in India the figure was USD 5 billion.
“This industry structure is government responsibility and I think I have seen very little action to change that, to take that responsibility,” he added.
Asked if there is a change in perspective since the new government has taken over, he said, “In India, the sentiment can change overnight but it doesn’t mean that structurally things can change overnight...it can hopefully be after 12-18 months.”
Pieters said the ICT initiatives announced by the government are not new and the National Telecom Policy 2012 was full of such concepts but the problem is how to achieve them.
“All those are all great ambitions...the problem is how do you get there. What I have seen in our industry is that the thinking is simply not there of how do you get there,” he said.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Buy ONGC  Coal India  NHPC via government s share sale programme: analystsPuneet Wadhwa |  New Delhi Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 02:20 PM IST
Buy ONGC, Coal India, NHPC via government's share sale programme: analysts
Given that the government has refrained from giving a time frame as to when the issues will hit the market, how should you play ONGC, NHPC and Coal India?
A day after the Union Cabinet gave paved way for reducing the government's stake in Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), Coal India Ltd (CIL) and NHPC, the stocks lost between 1 - 4% at the bourses.
Since the presentation of the Union Budget in July 2014 when the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley raised the divestment target for the current financial year to Rs 58,425 crore, while ONGC has rallied nearly 8%, Coal India and NHPC have slipped nearly 1% and 13% till date.
The benchmark indices, S&P BSE Sensex and the CNX Nifty, have moved up around 6.2% as compared to 1% rise in the S&P BSE PSU index during this period.
Besides these three, Power Finance Corporation (PFC), Rural Electrification Corporation (REC), Tehri Hydro Development Corp (THDC), SJVN, NHPC, CONCOR, MMTC, NLC and MOIL are some of the other companies where the government could reduce its stake, reports earlier suggested.
Given that the government has refrained from giving a time frame as to when the issues will hit the market, how should you play these divestment-related stocks, especially ONGC, Coal India and NHPC?
Analysts suggest that though these three stocks remain good long - term bets, one must treat each company on its own merits. Possibility of a discount to retail investors who subscrive to the share share, however, could be a near-term dampener for these stocks, they say.
"Each stock has its own strengths and weaknesses. While oil prices, production ramp up and gas price reforms can prove to be a trigger for ONGC, Coal India has its own set of dynamics working for and against it. Typical problems faced by NHPC since the past few years are cost overruns, deployment of capital in setting up a hydel plant, getting environmental clearances etc," said Mayuresh Joshi, vice-president (institutional), Angel Broking.
As regards Coal India, the workers' unions recently served a notice to follow 'work - to - rule' from September 18-20 to protest against several issues, including a move to disinvest further stake in the company. A planned stake sale in the last financial year had to be deferred after stiff opposition from the trade unions. As a result, the company paid Rs 19,000 as dividend to bridge the shortfall in government's coffers.
This time around the government is arguably more resolute and focussed on augmenting coal production (which bodes well for volume-led earnings growth for Coal India), analysts say. Moreover, there is a Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India) diktat for all listed entities to have a minimum free float of 25% within three years (currently, CIL's free float is 10.35%).
"Workers' opposition is likely to persist and the GOI is arguably aware that it has a fall back option for securing the targeted proceeds via asking Coal India to dole out a special dividend yet again. Hypothetically, if the issuance is at Rs 300/share - Rs 350/share, GOI's gross receipt would be Rs 18,900 crore - Rs 22,100 crore. If this consideration was to be recovered via a special dividend plus dividend tax thereon, the required special dividend would be Rs 28/share - Rs 32.75/share," point out Anirudh Gangahar and Archit Singhal of Nomura in a recent report on the company.
"Overall, the risk of disinvestment overhang does go up, but disinvestment materialising may not be a done deal, in our view. We maintain a buy rating on the stock," they add.
Joshi of Angel Broking believes that there would be investor appetite for this ONGC given the government's focus on oil & gas space. As regards NHPC and Coal India, one needs to have a time horizon of two - three years and suggests that investors would be better off buying these stocks in the when the through the divestment route / offer for sale instead of secondary markets now.
 Advertisements

18 Apps That Will Inspire Creativity In Your Everyday Lifereddit
Mobile devices like iPads and Androids have transformed the way we experience boredom. No longer is a wayward commuter forced to play Snake or Tetris, occupying themselves in a hardly satisfying, and utterly pixelated virtual reality. The tablet or smart phone-wielding travelers can now immerse themselves in an entire library of art and culture-related distractions, finding solace in everything from a Vincent van Gogh game to a digital version of the Louvre.
Just this week, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, a 140-year-old cultural stalwart of New York City, went the way of the future and introduced an iPhone app. Described as " exceedingly simple and modest " by Forbes, the move to make art more accessible is something we can't help but love. So, in the spirit of the Met's 21st century attitude, we've put together a list of mobile museums and art-honoring programs that will spark creativity in your everyday life.
Behold, 18 apps every creative and artist type should download now:
1. Artsy: The Pandora of Classic and Contemporary Art
This app is for exploration. Pegged as " the art world in your pocket ," it allows you access to images, collections and playlist-esque groupings of art. Similar to music sharing programs, you can search by artist or keywords -- which means, it's a great resource for finding new art and artists to ogle and share with your friends. The app has been called, on more than one occasion, the Pandora of art .
Free? Yes.
2. Brushes: Mobile Painting App
View of atmosphere at Exhibition Opening Of David Hockney 'Fleurs Fraiches' Drawings On Iphone And iPad At Foundation Pierre Berge And Yves Saint-Laurent In Paris. (Photo by Bertrand Rindoff Petroff/Getty Images)
Want to paint like David Hockney? Correction: Want to create iPad art like Mr. Hockney? Brushes is your go-to . With a stylus in particular, this app can be your mobile easel and palette, allowing you to channel Bob Ross on the subway or in a waiting room. “ He thinks it’s a new medium and that it’s here to stay ,” de Young deputy director Richard Benefield explained of Hockney and his interest in the future of iPad art.
Free? Yes.
3. The "Touch Van Gogh" App: The Perfect, Tablet-Size Tribute to Impressionism
The Denver Art Museum's exhibition, "Modern Masters: 20th Century Icons from the Albright-Knox Art Gallery." (Denver Post Photo by Cyrus McCrimmon)
"Don't Touch the Art" is the catch-phrase of most museum docents, who ward off hungry art admirers eager to be as close as possible to masterpieces. Well, Touch Van Gogh , lets you put your fingers on Vincent van Gogh's storied works -- if you count digitally thumbing through years of paintings on an iPad touching. Most people know that van Gogh had a strange and interesting history behind his paintings, so this app allows you to unlock the secrets behind his famously dreamy works.
Free? Yes.
4. Typendium: The Pocket Guide to Typography
If nerding out over the backstories of some of the world's best typefaces is your cup of tea, then Typendium is a must-download. Typography lover's: this is your pocket bible.
Free? Yes.
5. Miranda July's App "Somebody": A Performance Art Piece/App!
"Texting is tacky. Calling is awkward. Email is old." So says " Somebody ," artist and filmmaker Miranda July's art initiative/app. Blurring the line between digital and IRL connectivity, the app provides a human surrogate (yeah, like the "Arrested Development" character) who will deliver your text message to your friend, face-to-face. Read more about it here .
Free? You bet.
6. Field: The App That Transforms Your Photos Into Sound
This app "reacts to light and colors in the environment," translating photographs taken with an iPhone or iPad camera into tones, sounds, and geometrical patterns. If you're a fan of concrete art, op art, or kinetic art, this is a mobile application for you.
Free? Nope. It's $1.99.
7. Geo Street Art: A Map App for Street Art Enthusiasts
Street art tourism is on the rise. This app helps you locate street art in particular cities (London and New York are updated semi-frequently) using maps curated by a "global network of experts." You can track your own location in relation to new street artworks and discover more information on the street art you already knew existed.
Free? No. $2.99.
8. "Loop": An Animation App
Need an app for quick, freehand animation that you can load directly to Tumblr? Bam .
Free? Nope. But it's only $0.99.
9. Bjork's App: Need We Say More?
Bjork performs on Day 9 of the RBC Royal Bank Bluesfest on July 13, 2013 in Ottawa, Canada. (Photo by Mark Horton/WireImage)
We've said it before. "Biophilia" is " the music album slash app that opened up an interactive galaxy for participants to simultaneously listen to and modify songs ." Developed in collaboration with Scott Snibbe, this 10-app collection was inspired by and explores the relationships between music and the natural world. According to iTunes , you can use Biophilia to make and learn about music, to find out about natural phenomena, or to just enjoy Björk’s music.
Free? Noooo. The whole thing is $12.99, the approximate cost of an album.
10. Keezy: A Mobile Recording Studio
Whether you're a toddler or a professional musician, Keezy lets you record music on your mobile device, using sound boards and sounds already available on the app. It's aesthetically pleasing and easy. And free. Now, when the musical mood strikes you while walking in the park or commuting to work, you can record those inspirational sounds on the go.
Free? FREE.
11. Tayasui Sketches For Sketching!
It's simply a sketch board , with an impressive array of sketch tools, that lets you doodle on your phone or tablet. From watercolor renderings to architectural drawings, there's a digital pen or pencil you'll love.
Free? Yes.
12. Glitche: For The Aspiring Net Artists
Want to become a digital artist? This app can help point you in the right direction. Basically, it turns existing images into pixelated, glitched-out works of art, which -- with a little practice -- you can manipulate on your own. Bonus: You can make GIFs. Hello, Tumblr!
Free? It's $0.99.
13. Yoko Ono's App: Yet Another Opportunity to Be a Part of an Online Art Project
Yoko wants your smiles . And we know you want to give them to her.
Free? Yes.
14. Art Set: Everything You Need to Make Art Everywhere
We gave you a sketching app. We gave you a painting app. This is your catch-all art app , which gives you access to oil paints, pastels, crayons, colored pencils, and more, all on your mobile device. The graphics alone are gorgeous, and the accessible format will do nothing but motivate you to bring color to digital canvas.
Free? It's $1.99.
15. Phaidon Design Classics: A Design Archive
Sometimes you just want to peruse 200 years worth of design. This app is like an illustrated encyclopedia of everything from chairs to tableware to cars to toys, all at your fingertips.
Free? No, it's $13.99, so it's definitely for the diehard design fans.
16. Garage Magazine's App: Because It Includes a Virtual Jeff Koons Sculpture
Garage Magazine is, in itself, a good source for contemporary art news. But now there's an added bonus for the month of September: Jeff Koons' first virtual sculpture . "To see Koons’s 'Lady Bug,' app users scan the mag’s cover to reveal a 3D sculpture, which can be seen on mobile devices in 360 degrees." So, if you're into Koons, it's free.
Free? Free. Free. Free.
17. "Penultimate:" A Visual Note-taking App
If you, like many of us, can't stand taking notes on a touchscreen keyboard, this app is for you . It lets you take notes in your (digital) handwriting, while attempting to mimic the feel of ink and paper as much as possible.
Free? Free.
18. NY ArtBeat
After tinkering with all of these apps, you might want to see some art up close. NY ArtBeat gives you maps, calendars and lists of "hot" exhibitions in New York City. Go forth and explore, techies.
Free? No, it's $1.99.

Obama  victims  families pause to remember 9/11Barack Obama, victims' families pause to remember September 11 victims
By Reuters | 11 Sep, 2014, 05.27PM IST
President Obama is due to speak at the Pentagon during a private ceremony for relatives of the people killed in the attack.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW YORK: Politicians, dignitaries and victims' relatives were gathering in New York, Washington and Pennsylvania on Thursday to commemorate the nearly 3,000 people killed in al Qaeda's attack on the United States 13 years ago on Sept. 11.
In what has become an annual ritual, the names of the victims will be read aloud at a ceremony in lower Manhattan, punctuated by moments of silence to mark the times when each of the four hijacked airliners crashed and the World Trade Center's twin towers fell.
President Barack Obama is due to speak at the Pentagon during a private ceremony for relatives of the people killed in the attack on the headquarters of the U.S. Defense Department by the Islamist militant group.
In New York City, it is the first commemoration ceremony since the opening of the museum at the National September 11 Memorial, along with the adjoining repository for unidentified victims' remains.
The area, by turns a smoldering grave and an off-limits construction site for more than a decade, is now increasingly reconnected with the surrounding streets as rebuilding at the site nears completion.
"For the first time this year, because the museum opened in May, family members will be able to visit the museum as part of the commemoration," said Michael Frazier, a memorial spokesman.
Although the reconstruction has been plagued by delays, two of the new skyscrapers built around the site of the fallen twin towers are now open, while 1 World Trade Center, the tallest skyscraper in the Western hemisphere, is due to open later this year.
While lower Manhattan may look and feel different this year, the external threat to the United States represented by the Sept. 11 attacks still weighs.
The United States and its allies see Islamic State, a group that began as an offshoot of al Qaeda, as an increasing danger. On Wednesday, Obama outlined plans to attack the group, which has seized large parts of Iraq and Syria and released videos of beheadings of two American hostages.
The only ceremony open to the general public is at the Flight 93 National Memorial in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, which marks the field where one of the four hijacked airliners crashed.
The Congressional Gold Medal honoring the flight's passengers and crew will go on public display for the first time, the National Park Service said.

Eros International to release Aagadu on September19(Source: Movie Still)
Indo-Asian News Service | Chennai | Posted: September 11, 2014 6:02 pm
Eros International will release superstar Mahesh Babu-starrer Telugu actioner “Aagadu” in collaboration with 14 Reels Entertainment on September 19.
The film, which is directed by Srinu Vaitla, will release on 2000 screens across the globe.
“We are very excited to once again join hands with 14 Reels and Mahesh Babu for this film. With its hugely popular star cast, compelling screenplay and high octane entertainment, we are confident ‘Aagadu’ will recreate the magic of Mahesh Babu-Srinu Vaitla combination,” Sunil Lulla, managing director, Eros International, said in a statement.
Eros had previously released Mahesh Babu’s “1: Nenokkadine” earlier this year.
“Aagadu”, which also features Tamannah Bhatia in the lead role, marks the second time collaboration of Mahesh and Vaitla after “Dookudu”.

Mercedes launches E350 CDI at Rs 57.42 lakhBS Reporter |  Pune Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 05:22 PM IST
Mercedes launches E350 CDI at Rs 57.42 lakh
German luxury car maker Mercedes Benz India today launched its highest selling product E 350 CDI in Pune today. It is priced t Rs 57.42 lakh (ex-show room, Pune).
German luxury car maker Mercedes Benz India today launched its highest selling product E 350 CDI in Pune today. It is priced t Rs 57.42 lakh (ex-show room, Pune). This is an addition to the existing E-Class lineup that comprises of the E200 petrol and the E250 diesel. The car will be manufactured from its Chakan plant.
"The E 350 CDI is a much awaited product in our successful luxury sedan portfolio, is a very important product in our portfolio, playing a vital role in the product strategy of Mercedes-Benz India. The E-Class remains our highest selling model in India," said Eberhard Kern, Managing Director & CEO, Mercedes-Benz India.
However, Kern declined to comment on overall luxury car market of India. According to reports, the Indian luxury car market had sales of more than 32,000 units in the calendar year 2013 and is expected to cross the 50,000 mark in 2014.
The E-class contributes 30% of Mercedes India's total sales which is highest amongst all the models. The company has registered 25% half yearly growth with total sales of 4717 units in January- June 2014 period. Last year, it has sold 9003 units as compared to 6840 units sold over the corresponding period of 2012. So far this year, it has launched seventh models out of the 10 product lined up for 2014. E-class is the highest selling product in Mercedes-Benz India?s portfolio in India, with over 25,000 units since its introduction in India.
There are additional features though, like rear seat entertainment, 360? camera, parking assist, and a higher resolution screen COMAND infotainment system. The audio system is from Harman Kardon. Safety tech includes the Pre-Safe systems, eight airbags, adaptive lights and attention assist.
The new E 350 CDI will compete with other luxury sedans like BMW 530d M Sport, Audi 6 3.0-litre and Jaguar XF 3.0.
Along with other 13 car makers, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has fined Mercedes benz India Rs 23.08 crore for failing to sell spare parts in the open market, violating competition law. Commenting on this issue, Kern said, "We have received the notice and we are analysing it." He declined to comment further. The other car manufacturer include Maruti Suzuki India, Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd, Tata Motors Ltd, Toyota Motor Co., Honda Motor Co, Volkswagen, Fiat, Ford Motor India , General Motors, Nissan, Hindustan Motors, and Skoda.
 Advertisements

Married at First Sight and our attitude towards marriageBy Stacia L. Brown September 10 at 6:36 PM
(Bigstock)
“Why did they get married?!” For weeks, cable’s FYI network has made viewers of its sleeper hit reality series “ Married at First Sight ” repeat that question, as they followed the exploits of three couples who met for the very first time when they exchanged vows in the pilot episode. The series, based on a Danish show of the same name, bills itself as an “extreme social experiment,” in which strangers are paired based on compatibility test results and asked to live as husband and wife for one month before decided if they’ll remained married or file for divorce.
Since Jezebel’s Kara Brown has detailed all the reasons why this is an insane premise with little valid sociological merit (sample size too small, selection process too dubious, shameless ratings grab), I’ll stick to assessing the show at face value. Please understand that this task requires a suspension of disbelief as vast as the distance between zipliners’ bodies and the canyons over which they soar.
Now that we’ve established that, we can discuss last night’s finale, in which the three couples — Cortney and Jason; Jamie and Doug; and Vaughn and Monet — make their declarations of divorce or continued matrimony. Full disclosure: I just discovered that this show existed yesterday and lost an entire afternoon binge-watching in the run-up to its two-hour conclusion. (An added warning: If you intend to watch this series online and don’t want to be spoiled, stop reading here.)
For the uninitiated, twentysomethings Cortney and Jason are the youngest couple and, by far, the most compatible. They move into a neutral space together and immediate begin collaborating on decorations, navigating Jason’s hectic schedule as an EMT to have “date nights,” and snogging. Jamie and Doug, in their 30s, start out as the least compatible, when Jamie sobs and panics upon seeing him for the first time. “I’m not attracted to him,” she whispers to friends, while wearing her wedding dress. Doug, with a steady disposition and an inexplicably stubborn affection for Jamie, doesn’t mind that she can barely stand his touch during their first days together. Vaughn and Monet are also in their early 30s. They have an immediate sexual attraction and can’t seem to agree on much else.
Watching a show like this in an afternoon makes an already rushed process even more fraught. Never mind that the series is obviously scripted, its scenarios tightly controlled, and the actions of its cast often dictated by the four-person team of experts who paired them. Never mind that the most obvious lesson “Married at First Sight” teaches us is that America is only about three to five years from greenlighting a real-life Truman Show. If you stick with it, like the couples are constantly being urged to do, this program will suck you in, in spite of yourself. And as you root for the couples to work through their issues and “beat the odds,” you become increasingly aware that the experience isn’t really about them. It’s about you.
It’s no secret that romance-themed reality series aim for a lovelorn demographic. In her brilliant New York Times  essay  about ABC’s “The Bachelor” and “The Bachelorette” franchises, Roxane Gay nails the appeal:
We will watch, mocking the spectacle, secretly trying to fill the ways we are hollow. [...] Few among us want to die alone, holding that hollow space inside us. The real shame of “The Bachelor” and “The Bachelorette,” of the absurd theater of romantic comedies, of the sweeping passion of romance novels, is that they know where we are most tender, and they aim right for that place.
Where “The Bachelor” leverages its participants’ insecurities by framing itself as a brazen competition with other with a marriage proposal as its ostensible “prize,” “Married at First Sight” inverts the process, beginning with marriage and removing the level of agency that dating tends to provide. This show assuages “die alone” insecurities by starting its relationships with “till death do us part”-style declarations and a sense of legal obligation.
Now that both models exist — the dating scene on acid and nuptials on speed — our culture has a broader picture of what kinds of intense loneliness, hope, and fear can drive us to begin or end a marriage. Perhaps more significantly, we have new means by which to informally examine public attitudes toward marriage, its sanctity, and how much its social value continues to evolve over time.
If their onscreen performances are to believed, these couples aren’t strange or extraordinary. They are workaday people whose long shifts at jobs, traumatic upbringings and past failed relationships have left them both weary and wary.
Why, then, did they marry, sight unseen, time unspent? Why would anyone start at an end and work his way backward, in hopes of arriving at lasting love? Because the odds seem just as even as they’ve been in past failed relationships. Because too many bad partner picks can make anyone second-guess her own judgement. Because the promise of free, near-constant relationship counseling can be tempting when you have no earthly idea what you’re doing.
All is fair in reality-show romance with the possible out of quickie divorce. I won’t spoil the outcomes of each curious couplings. I’ll just say that, at the end of last night’s finale, the four-person team of “experts” seem fairly smug about “marriage-at-first sight” as a viable relationship option. FYI seems to think so, too, as the show has been cleared for a second season. I won’t go as far as saying that skeptical viewers of this show will leave it thinking that strangers picking their marriage partner might not be as batty as they thought. But having watched these couples work through communication barriers, trust issues, and the limits of attraction, viewers will certainly wonder what they would do, if they were faced with the same final decisions.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410388619/1410388619000/1410388619 tracking: {authors=Stacia L. Brown, blog_name=act-four, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=married-at-first-sight-and-our-attitude-towards-marriage, post_id=3236, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 10:36:59 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 10:36:59 PM

Gold rebounds on low-level buying  global cuesgold and precious material
Snapping its eight-day long losing streak, gold recovered from three-month low by rising Rs. 200 to close at Rs. 27,800 per ten gram in the national capital on Wednesday on emergence of buying by jewellers and retailers at lower levels amid positive global trend.
In line with gold, silver also recovered by Rs. 270 to Rs. 42,170 per kg on increased off-take by industrial units.
Traders said revival of buying by jewellers and retailers at prevailing lower levels and a slightly better trend in global markets mainly attributed recovery in gold prices.
Gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, rose marginally by 0.02 per cent to $1,255.80 an ounce and silver by 0.18 per cent to $19.06 an ounce in Tuesday’s trade.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity rose by Rs. 200 each to Rs. 27,800 and Rs. 27,600 per ten gram respectively. The yellow metal had lost Rs. 700 in the last eight sessions. Sovereign, however, continued to be traded at Rs. 24,500 per piece of eight gram in scattered deals.
Silver ready prices were up by Rs. 270 to Rs. 42,170 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs. 330 to Rs. 42,200 per kg. The white metal had lost Rs. 175 on Tuesday. On the other hand, silver coins were well maintained at Rs. 73,000 for buying and Rs. 74,000 for selling of 100 pieces in restricted buying activity.

Pistorius cleared of murder chargesUpdated: September 11, 2014 18:49 IST
Pistorius cleared of premeditated murder charges
AP
AP Oscar Pistorius cries in the dock in Pretoria on Thursday as Judge Thokozile Masipa delivers her verdict in Pistorius' murder trial.
TOPICS
Judge in Oscar Pistorius’ murder trial appeared to be heading for a culpable homicide (a negligent killing) finding.
Key questions in the Oscar Pistorius case
The judge in Oscar Pistorius’ murder trial appeared to be heading for a culpable homicide finding on Thursday after ruling out both premeditated murder and murder verdicts in the shooting death of the double-amputee Olympic athlete’s girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp.
Judge Thokozile Masipa said prosecutors have not proved beyond a reasonable doubt that Pistorius, 27, is guilty of premeditated murder.
“Culpable homicide is a competent verdict,” the judge said, but did not deliver any formal verdicts in the shooting death of Pistorius’ 29-year-old girlfriend before calling for a lunch break in the proceedings.
Culpable homicide refers to a negligent killing. If Pistorius is formally acquitted of murder, he could still be sent to jail for years if it’s found he acted negligently in Steenkamp’s death. Pistorius has admitted firing the four shots that killed Steenkamp on Valentine’s Day last year.
Pistorius says he mistook his girlfriend, a model and budding reality TV star, for an intruder and killed her accidentally. The prosecution alleges the athlete intentionally killed her after a loud argument, which was heard by neighbors.
Judge Masipa was explaining her reasoning behind the upcoming verdicts in the case against Pistorius. Judge Masipa said there were “just not enough facts” to support the finding of premeditated murder in Steenkamp’s fatal shooting.
As the judge spoke, Pistorius wept quietly, his shoulders shaking as he sat on a wooden bench.
Judge Masipa earlier told Pistorius he could remain seated on a wooden bench while she read her verdict out and until she asked him to stand. She then proceeded to explain her assessment of the testimonies of some of the 37 witnesses who testified.
Casting doubt on witness accounts of hearing a woman’s screams, Judge Masipa said “none of the witnesses had ever heard the accused cry or scream, let alone when he was anxious,” apparently acknowledging the possibility that the defense argument that Pistorius had been screaming in a high-pitched voice after discovering he had fatally shot Steenkamp.
At one point, Masipa said: “I continue to explain why most witnesses got their facts wrong.”
Judge Masipa also said she was disregarding text messages between Steenkamp and Pistorius that had been entered as evidence. Prosecutors had submitted text messages that showed tension between them while the defense submitted messages that indicated mutual affection. That evidence, the judge said, doesn’t prove anything.
“Normal relationships are dynamic and unpredictable most of the time, while human beings are fickle,” she said.
Pistorius faced 25 years to life in prison if convicted of premeditated murder for fatally shooting Steenkamp in his home in the pre-dawn hours of February 14, 2013. He also faces years in jail if found guilty of murder without pre-planning, or of negligent killing. Pistorius could also be acquitted if Masipa believes he made a tragic error.
Pistorius has said he mistakenly shot Steenkamp through the closed door of a toilet cubicle, thinking there was an intruder in his home and pleaded not guilty to murder.
A key part of the prosecution’s case was its assertion that Steenkamp screamed during a late-night alleged fight with Pistorius before he killed her. But Judge Masipa said some of those witnesses who testified to hearing a woman scream in the pre-dawn hours of February 14, 2013 were “genuinely mistaken in what they heard, as the chronology will show”.
That appeared to indicate that the defense had succeeded in raising doubts that Steenkamp ever screamed. The defence says the screaming was instead Pistorius, who was traumatized and desperately calling for help in a high-pitched voice after realising he had shot Steenkamp in error.
Judge Masipa also cited testimony of an acoustics expert called by the defence, saying it cast “serious doubt” on whether witnesses who were hundreds of meters away in their homes as some state witnesses were could have differentiated between the screams of a man or a woman.
Earlier, Judge Masipa began by outlining in detail the four charges against the Olympic runner — Murder, two counts of unlawfully firing a gun in a public place in unrelated incidents and one count of illegal possession of ammunition.
Before the session began, Pistorius hugged his brother Carl, who was seated in a wheelchair because of injuries suffered in a recent car crash.
The parents of Steenkamp were also in the packed gallery. Other members of Pistorius’ family, including his father Henke, sat behind him.
If Pistorius is convicted on any charge, the case will likely be postponed until a later sentencing hearing.
There were many journalists at the courthouse, where the sensational trial has unfolded over the last six months.

Court extends judicial custody of Syndicate Bank CMD Jain till Sept 24Court extends judicial custody of Syndicate Bank CMD Jain till Sept 24
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 11:  
A Delhi court today extended till September 24 the judicial custody of Syndicate Bank CMD Sudhir Kumar Jain, Bhushan Steel Ltd Vice-Chairman and MD, Neeraj Singal, and nine others who were arrested by the CBI in connection with a bribery case.
On expiry of their judicial custody, the accused were produced before special CBI judge Swarana Kanta Sharma, who extended it further till September 24 after the agency said that the probe into the case was going on.
Besides Jain and Singal, CBI had arrested CMD of Prakash Industries Ltd, Ved Prakash Agarwal, its director Vipul Agarwal, Arun Aggarwal, who is alleged to be the Chief Financial Officer of Bhushan Power and Steel Ltd, and six others in the case.
Alleged middleman Purshottam Totlani, also an accused in the case, is still absconding.
They have been booked under the provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act and criminal conspiracy under the IPC.
On August 2, CBI had arrested six accused in connection with the case and had claimed to have recovered Rs 21 lakh in cash from Jain’s residence, besides gold worth Rs 1.68 crore and documents of fixed deposits of up to Rs 63 lakh.
The agency has filed two separate cases against Jain, accusing him of receiving a bribe of Rs 50 lakh through conduits and abusing his official position to enhance the credit limits of some companies in violation of laid-down procedures.
Singal was arrested by CBI on August 7, hours after the court had issued a non-bailable warrant against him.
CBI had earlier filed an application in the court seeking directions to Jain, Singal, Ved Prakash Agarwal and co-accused Vineet Godha and Puneet Godha for recording their voice sample for its ongoing probe.
The agency, in its plea, had said the case was based on intercepted telephonic conversations and specimen voice samples of these accused was required for their probe.
The court would hear the remaining arguments on the CBI’s plea on September 19.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Urea stocks up on hopes of lower gas price  new policyUrea stocks up on hopes of lower gas price, new policy
Nalinakanthi V
Tweet
September 11, 2014:  
Stocks of urea makers — Chambal Fertiliser, GNFC, RCF and NFL — have seen sudden buying interest, gaining 5-6 per cent on Thursday.
Speculation that the new gas price may be lower than the Rangarajan Committee's recommended price of $ 8.4/mmbtu, has given a fillip to fertiliser stocks.
Lower gas price
Lower-than-expected gas price can help urea makers in two ways. One, lower cost of production on the existing urea capacity will reduce producers' dependence on the government subsidy and thereby improve their working capital cycle.
Second, lower gas price can boost profits on the incremental urea produced (on the revamped capacity) which is currently linked to international urea price.
New fertiliser policy
The Fertiliser Minister's statement earlier this week that the new fertiliser policy, currently being drafted, will ensure regulated use of fertiliser and help achieve self-sufficiency in fertiliser production, has also aided investor sentiment. While the policy for greenfield and brownfield investment was approved way back in December 2013, the policy for additional urea produced from the revamped capacity, is expected to be modified, to compensate for gas price increases.
Also, a roadmap for implementation of nutrient based subsidy for urea is awaited.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Tips for navigating flooded roadwaysTips for navigating flooded roadways
Caption If it's up to your tire, it's too deep
Scott Strazzante / Chicago Tribune
A car goes through flood waters on Wolf Road in Indian Head Park on Tuesday, May 20, 2014.
A car goes through flood waters on Wolf Road in Indian Head Park on Tuesday, May 20, 2014. (Scott Strazzante / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Higher ground clearance doesn't mean the car won't stall
Scott Strazzante / Chicago Tribune
Rain is illuminated by a sports utility vehicle's headlights on 58th Street in Countryside on Tuesday, May 20, 2014.
Rain is illuminated by a sports utility vehicle's headlights on 58th Street in Countryside on Tuesday, May 20, 2014. (Scott Strazzante / Chicago Tribune)
Tribune Archive photo / Chicago Tribune
Cars stalled in Elmwood Park on 76th Ave. and Palmer St. June 9, 1965
Cars stalled in Elmwood Park on 76th Ave. and Palmer St. June 9, 1965 (Tribune Archive photo / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Abandoned cars are owners' responsibility
Chicago Tribune
A car lies abandoned in a muddy viaduct on Sacramento Boulevard north of Carroll Avenue Thursday, Sept. 19, 2013 after heavy overnight rain.
A car lies abandoned in a muddy viaduct on Sacramento Boulevard north of Carroll Avenue Thursday, Sept. 19, 2013 after heavy overnight rain. (Chicago Tribune)
Caption Check your surroundings
John J. Kim
Cars roll through flood water near the intersection of Damen Avenue and Hubbard Street in Chicago on Wednesday, September 18, 2013. A strong thunderstorm brought flash flooding to downtown.
Cars roll through flood water near the intersection of Damen Avenue and Hubbard Street in Chicago on Wednesday, September 18, 2013. A strong thunderstorm brought flash flooding to downtown. (John J. Kim)
Only six inches of water can be enough to stall your car and cause irreperable damage to the engine.
More deaths occur from flooding than other severe weather hazards; half from cars driving into flood waters.
If you absolutely must proceed, drive slowly but steadily through the water.
Don’t do it.
We’ve all been warned yet most drivers have tested the unknown depths of standing water.
“Water level is deceiving and people think they can get through two feet of water,” said Monique Bond, spokesperson for the Illinois State Police. “That’s simply not the case.”
"If it's going above your tire, forget it, that's a recipe for disaster," - Monique Bond, spokesperson for the Illinois State Police.
Six inches of standing water can be enough to stall an engine in a low-clearance vehicle. Problems multiply with rising water levels. Headlights and taillights can take on water and need to be replaced. Air filters will likely need to be replaced. If water gets in the air intakes then it will likely get into the engine fluids. If water gets in the engine, your car won’t run for long. Water that seeps into the inside of the car can lead to moldy mats, rusted brackets and water trapped in interior pockets, which can make the whole car smell moldy.
Driving through standing water is not worth it for more serious reasons.  
One foot of water can be enough to dislodge a car from the surface and cause it to begin to float away, according to FEMA . In 2012 the National Weather Service launched the “Turn Around, Don’t Drown” campaign because more deaths occur from flooding than any other severe weather-related hazard, and over half of the deaths are from vehicles driving into flood waters.
While floating away is unlikely in urban areas, irreparable damage to the car is possible. If your car stalls, do not restart the engine. It must take in air to start and the air intakes may have water in them. If the car stalls, then you have to consider either leaving the car for higher ground, or, if water is rising inside the car, open the window and sit on the ledge or whatever high point until help arrives. IDOT recommends sitting on, not in, your car.
cComments
Monique Bond, now right there is reason to not listen to a dumb thing she says. She has been a spokesperson for almost the entire Democratic power structure in Illinois. She keeps getting dumped from one to another. It would be very interesting indeed to find out who her clout is.
GoldGlover

Prakash Karat calls for dropping sedition charge fromIPCThe sooner we get rid of it the better, said Prakash Karat. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: September 11, 2014 6:02 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 6:03 pm
CPI (M) general secretary Prakash Karat has demanded that sedition charge (IPC 124 A) should be removed from the Indian Penal Code and the section 66 A of the IT Act be amended to protect the freedom of speech in social media.
In an article in CPI (M) mouthpiece Deshabhimani on Thursday, Karat said as long as section 124 A continues in the Indian Penal Code, it (the sedition charge) would be used for wrong purposes. The IT act should be amended to prevent the suppression of social media and protect the freedom of expression in internet.
Recently, Kerala police has slapped sedition charge on a youth named M Salman, after he failed to stand up while the national anthem was being played in a movie theatre. Five others were also facing case in this regard. The district sessions court had rejected his bail application last week.
Referring to the arrest of Salman, Karat said this was the latest incident of the heinous use of this cruel law (sedition). It’s noteworthy to mention here that soon after Salman’s arrest, the CPI (M) daily, in an editorial, had justified the police action, saying the action against the youth was above criticism.
Karat said Nehru had stated in 1951 that ‘as far as I am concerned that particular section (124-A) is highly objectionable and obnoxious and it should not have no place in any body of law that we might pass. The sooner we get rid of it the better.’
Karat said even though the first prime minister of the country openly stated that the sedition charge should not find a place in any body of law, the section 12-A continues as part of the Indian Penal Code.
This particular section has been used against thousands of people in the post-independent decades. However, no Congress rule or successive governments have done anything to remove this heinous section from the law.
He said recently there were several instance indicating the misuse of this section. The police and the governments have been repeatedly misusing the section after slapping sedition charge against those who express criticism and opposing political views against the government or power centres. Those who do not express solidarity with the official version of nationalism are being dubbed as anti-nationals and charged with treason.
Karat said the sedition charge is being used as a tool to foist a dictatorial concept about nationalism, and as a weapon against political criticism and freedom of expression. This is part of infringement upon democratic rights and civil liberties, said Karat.
The sooner we get rid of it the better.

Trade unions against 10% divestment in Coal ...Trade unions against 10 per cent divestment in Coal India
By PTI | 11 Sep, 2014, 05.35PM IST
0
Share More
Central coal trade unions' meeting is slated on September 21 where a joint action plan is likely to be adopted to oppose divestment.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
KOLKATA: Central trade unions have decided to oppose another 10 per cent divestment in Coal India, vowing to mobilize coal workers to "fight back" the decision.
The general secretary of the the All India Coal Workers Federation, Jibon Roy, said, "We condemn the government decision to disinvest 10 per cent more in CIL shares to private hands. We will call the coal workers to fight back."
SQ Zama, secretary-general of the Indian National Mine workers' Federation, also criticised the stake sale.
"We all will oppose the disinvestment," he said. The Union government is targeting to mop up around Rs 45,000 crore by selling shares in blue chip public sector companies -- Coal India, ONGC and National Hydroelectric Power Corporation.
Coal India, the world's largest coal mining company, alone could raise around Rs 23,000 crore based on its current share price.
SQ Zama said that five central trade unions had already served a notice recently for a three days' "work to rule" agitation from September 18 to 20 to the coal secretary in support of various demands including no further divestment in Coal India.
The BJP-affiliated trade union BMS is also among the trade unions calling for the "work-to-rule" agitation, he said.
Central coal trade unions' meeting is slated on September 21 where a joint action plan is likely to be adopted to oppose divestment.
Zama said a discussion is being held between the unions on whether they would attend a meeting called by Coal India in Delhi on September 15 on the 'work to rule' notice.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA), chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, yesterday approved the disinvestment of 10 per cent paid-up equity capital in Coal India (CIL).
Presently, the Government shareholding in the coal mining company is 89.65 per cent.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Viacom deal boosts Sony internet TV plansSeptember 11, 2014 7:49 am
Viacom deal boosts Sony internet TV plans
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e325398e-3974-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indian pharma companies rush for WHO-GMP complianceBS Reporter |  Gandhinagar Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 05:36 PM IST
Indian pharma companies rush for WHO-GMP compliance
Apart from escalating demand by MNCs for contract manufacturing, Centre may incentivise upgradation of Schedule M facilities to WHO-GMP compliant units
As the share of multinational firms (MNCs) in pharmaceuticals contract manufacturing rises, more and more companies are looking at upgrading their facilities as per the World Health Organisation-Good Manufacturing Practices (WHO-GMP) norms to meet quality standards. What's more, according to the Indian Drug Manufacturers' Association (IDMA) the Centre is likely to incentivise the upgradation of Schedule M facilities to WHO-GMP compliant units through scheme of soft loans.
The move can see another 1,000 pharma manufacturing facilities, mainly small and medium enterprises (SMEs), to upgrade to WHO-GMP compliance within a year, IDMA feels. This would virtually double the existing number of such units in the country, currently pegged at around 1,200 units.
The overall pharma contract manufacturing industry in the country is growing at 20%, said S V Veerra Mani, president, IDMA adding that it offered a great opportunity for SMEs. At the moment, the size of contract manufacturing is estimated to be around 50 per cent of the domestic production or around Rs 35,000 crore. Veerra Mani added that currently, MNCs enjoy around 20-25 per cent market share of the overall Rs 77,000 crore domestic pharma market, and nearly two-thirds of their production comes from contract manufacturing. "In short, the size of pharma contract manufacturing done by MNCs in India for the domestic market alone is around Rs 10,000 crore," he said.
This presents a huge opportunity before the SMEs, and there is a strong traction towards upgrading the manufacturing facilities to meet WHO-GMP standards. "The Centre is also planning to roll out a scheme to help SMEs to upgrade their Schedule M facilities to meet WHO-GMP compliance. This could be in the form of soft loans," Veerra Mani said. He added that currently only 10% of all manufacturing units in the country are WHO-GMP compliant, or around 1200 units.
"Another 1,000 units can easily upgrade themselves to WHO-GMP status within the next one year if the government incentive comes through," he said.
IDMA has organised the fifth edition of the Pharmac India exhibition in Gandhinagar this year with the main aim to help SME contract manufacturers get a platform to connect with prospective businesses.
 Advertisements

How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did WednesdayThe final season of "Sons of Anarchy" picked up the vengeful saga of Jax Teller, played by actor Charlie Hunnam, in...
Prashant Gupta/FX

Six new features in the Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 PlusPrint
The iPhone 6 features a 4.7-inch Retina HD display with 1334 x 750p resolution.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 10, 2014 12:35 pm | Updated: September 10, 2014 4:02 pm
Yes, the new Apple iPhones are here. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are larger than any other phone from Apple so far, but what is really new. We take a look.
Retina HD Display: This is the new Apple standard for smartphone screens. The iPhone 6 features a 4.7-inch Retina HD display with 1334 x 750p resolution. So there will be 38 percent more viewing area than iPhone 5s. The iPhone 6 Plus, on the other hand, features a 5.5-inch Retina HD display with 1920 x 1080p resolution — this is 88 per cent more viewing area and nearly three times the pixels than iPhone 5s. Apple claims the Retina HD displays “offer advanced technologies including higher contrast for deeper blacks and dual-domain pixels for more accurate colors at wider viewing angles”.
Thinnest iPhones: At 6.8mm and 7.1mm, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are the thinnest phones from Apple. The unibody enclosure of anodized aluminum flows into the shaped glass display, giving users a smooth and continuous surface. The thin build also makes the phones easy to hold.
A8 Chip: Apple’s own A8 chip comes with second generation 64-bit desktop-class architecture for faster performance and power efficiency. Plus, there is Apple’s new graphics technology Metal that lets developers take performance of the A8 chip even further to bring console-class 3D games to iPhone. The chip’s image signal processor enables advanced camera and video features, claims Apple.
Apple Pay: Giving a big boost to NFC, both phones will debut Apple Pay, “an easy way to securely pay for physical goods and services in stores or apps with just the touch of a finger”. The feature allows users to securely and conveniently in stores by simply holding the phone near the contactless reader while keeping a finger on Touch ID. For in app purchases they will have to just touch the finger scanner and not enter credit card or shipping information. Apple says all payment information will private, encrypted and stored securely in the Secure Element chip inside the new iPhones.
New iSight Camera: The new sensor features Focus Pixels for faster autofocus so that you don’t miss anything. And iPhone 6 Plus users will get optical image stabilization that compensates for hand shake in low light and works with iOS 8 to reduce subject motion. High-definition video on the iPhone improves with faster frame rates up to 60fps for 1080p video and 240fps for slo-mo, as well as continuous autofocus, cinematic video stabilization and time-lapse video. The FaceTime HD camera now captures over 80 percent more light with a new sensor, larger f/2.2 aperture and advanced new features including burst mode and HDR video.
iOS 8: New features in OS 8 — which was first announced a few months back — include QuickType keyboard, a new Health app, Family Sharing and iCloud Drive. With more than 4,000 new APIs, iOS 8 allows developers to further customize the user experience with major extensibility features and robust frameworks such as HealthKit and HomeKit.

Californias counties weigh in on a $64 million ballot fightBy Niraj Chokshi September 11 at 8:00 AM Follow @NirajC
(David McNew/Getty Images)
The organization representing California’s 58 counties is siding with doctors and hospitals in what is already a $64 million ballot fight two months out from the election.
The California State Association of Counties this week announced its opposition to Proposition 46, a measure that would more than quadruple the limit on non-economic damages doled out in malpractice lawsuits, such as those awarded for pain and suffering. It also requires doctors to in some instances check a database to prevent over-prescribing painkillers, take random drug tests and be disciplined if found to be impaired while on duty.
The measure pits consumer advocates and trial lawyers, who stand to benefit with a cut of the awards, against doctors, hospitals and insurers, who fear it would lead to higher malpractice insurance rates and chafe at what they view as the harsh drug test requirements. For counties, the concern is all about cost.
“Proposition 46 would make it much harder for California counties to deliver vital care to millions of patients and will increase costs for local governments and taxpayers by hundreds of millions of dollars a year,” Matt Cate,  executive director of the California State Association of Counties, said in a statement. “This fiscally irresponsible measure must be defeated to protect patients and taxpayers.”
The findings of the state’s nonpartisan Legislative Analyst Office confirm that concern, but to a point. On one hand, state and local governments are likely to suffer a hit ranging from tens to hundreds of millions of dollars annually thanks largely to passed-on medical malpractice costs. On the other, the requirement that doctors check a state database — the Controlled Substance Utilization Review and Evaluation System — before prescribing painkillers to a patient for the first time will likely reduce drug abuse, reducing associated law enforcement and social service costs.
“These savings would offset to some extent the increased governmental costs from raising the cap on noneconomic damages,” the office concludes in its report on the measure . The measure would tie the malpractice cap, set at $250,000 by a 1975 law, to inflation. To account for decades of inflation, it would immediately rise to $1.1 million.
As of Monday, opponents of the measure have raised $56 million, with large amounts raised by physicians associations and insurance companies, according to Ballotpedia, an online political encyclopedia . Proponents, meanwhile, have raised nearly $8 million, largely from attorneys and.
In a trio of 30-second ads created by proponents, one of which is embedded below, actors dressed as workers representing a variety of occupations sing about drug-testing requirements in their respective industries while another dressed as a doctor croons about the lack of such a requirement for physicians. Other ads , including one featuring Sen. Barbara Boxer (D), highlight the importance of holding doctors accountable for mistakes.
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410436824/1410436824000/1410436824 tracking: {authors=Niraj Chokshi, blog_name=govbeat, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=californias-counties-weigh-in-on-a-64-million-ballot-fight, post_id=15269, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 12:00:24 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 12:00:24 PM

GM to launch 40 cars in India | CEO meets ModiGeneral Motors Co to launch 40 new cars in India, other international markets
By Reuters | 11 Sep, 2014, 03.27PM IST
0
Share More
The US carmaker "sees a lot of opportunities in India from a market perspective," Chief Executive Mary Barra told reporters in the Indian capital. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: General Motors Co plans to launch 40 new cars in India and in other international markets excluding China, north America and Europe, Chief Executive Mary Barra said on Thursday.
The US carmaker "sees a lot of opportunities in India from a market perspective," Barra told reporters in the Indian capital. The company has started exporting cars from India to Chile , she added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Burger King  black burger  has black cheese  bunIn Japan, Burger King has a burger with black cheese
Black cheese on a burger
Burger King Japan / Facebook
Burger King in Japan is launching two burgers with black cheese and black buns.
Burger King in Japan is launching two burgers with black cheese and black buns. (Burger King Japan / Facebook)
Kraft Foods Group Inc.
Would you eat black cheese? A new Burger King Japan burger has black cheese and a black bun
Black food shouldn't cause alarm. Restaurants around the world have been using squid ink to color bread, pasta and more for years. Locally, Hinoki & the Bird serves its lobster roll on a black bun.
But Burger King in Japan is taking black food to another level. 
Nutella is celebrating 50 years of its smooth chocolate-hazelnut spread with a Nutella truck tour around the U.S. And this weekend, the Nutella "Spread the Happy" truck will be in Los Angeles -- with free samples. ( Jenn Harris )
The burger chain has introduced a new burger with black cheese, reported Kotaku.com. The cheese resembles ink-dipped slices of Kraft American cheese singles. But it's really just cheese made with bamboo charcoal. 
The cheese comes on the new Kuro Burger, layered with a beef patty on a black bun made with bamboo charcoal, onion and squid ink.
You can order the Kuro Burger Pearl with the bread, cheese and patty, or the Kuro Burger Diamond with lettuce, tomato, onion and mayonnaise. And in case you're wondering, the mayonnaise is still white. 

Internet Slowdown DayView of heavy traffic on a road in Sao Paulo, Brazil on June 5, 2014, during a metro strike.
Nelson Almeida/AFP/Getty Images
Share
Copy
Internet Slowdown Day is here.
While the Internet itself won't be slowing down, expect to see the dreaded "spinning wheel of death" loading symbol featured prominently on some of your favorite websites, including Netflix , Foursquare, Etsy and more.
The group of websites have banded together into "Team Internet" to protest proposed changes to net neutrality rules, which would allow Internet service providers to charge high traffic websites more or essentially force them to create a "slow lane" for customers.
The loading icons lead users to the "Battle for the Net" website where they can sign a letter to Congress, the Federal Communications Commission and the White House. The hope is that the campaign will inspire millions of people to submit comments to the FCC on net neutrality before the public comment period ends on Sept. 15.

RuPay sees boost from govt s financial inclusion schemeCard payment network RuPay sees boost from PM Jan Dhan Yojana
Devidutta Tripathy     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 18:30 IST
A RuPay sign is seen on the door of an automated teller machine (ATM) while a user is seen, at a commercial building in Mumbai (Photo: Reuters)
The government's financial inclusion drive to expand banking services in the country, is giving a boost to home-grown card payment network RuPay, which expects to quadruple the number of users by March and make debit cards more acceptable in a nation where cash is still king.
Started in 2012 by National Payments Corp of India (NPCI), a company owned by 10 local and foreign banks, RuPay competes with global payment firms Visa and MasterCard for the few customers in Asia's third largest economy able to afford a debit or credit card.
RuPay's share of daily card transactions, however, remains small compared with the global firms, which are more established, offer both debit and credit cards and are accepted by more retailers. RuPay currently offers only debit cards.
RuPay users account for just 1.5 per cent of daily card transactions of almost one million at retailers, said AP Hota, chief executive of NPCI.
As of July, banks issued just under 435 million payment cards in the country. Most were debit cards.
Hota told Reuters the payments network was set to grow rapidly from the government's so-called financial inclusion scheme, which aims to ensure the majority of households has a bank account within months.
Under the Jan Dhan scheme, which was launched late in August, Indians who open a bank account for the first time automatically get a RuPay card .
Hota said the number of RuPay users has now almost doubled from 23 million at the end of July.
By March next year, the CEO expects that number to rise to 160 million, with more than 60 per cent of the increase coming from the government scheme.
"Jan Dhan itself would provide a big opportunity for the domestic card brand to be a formidable force," said Hota, referring to the financial inclusion scheme, Jan Dhan Yojana , which means People's Wealth Scheme.
"(RuPay Card transactions are) just a drop in the ocean at the moment. But drop by drop we are increasing our size."
NPCI is also trying to lure more customers by charging banks lower fees than Visa and MasterCard, Hota added.
Visa, the world's largest credit and debit card company, declined to give its market share, but said the country was amongst the world's fastest-growing payments markets.
"We believe Visa is well-positioned competitively," Uttam Nayak, group country manager of India and South Asia, at Visa, said in emailed comments, adding his company welcomed competition.
MasterCard did not reply to requests seeking comment.
NPCI's shareholders include PSU-lender State Bank of India , the country's largest bank, and foreign lenders Citibank and HSBC. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has a nominee on its board.
The organisation plans to launch RuPay cards that will be accepted overseas through a partnership with Discover Financial Services and is also in talks with Japanese card network JCB about a partnership, Hota said.
RuPay had aimed to issue credit cards by March 2015, but those plans have now been delayed by the government scheme, Hota said. "Rural acceptance of the Jan Dhan cards will be our priority," he added.
(Reuters)

Moment of Silence to Mark 9/11 AnniversarySPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
SPECIAL REPORT: 9/11 Remembered Across U.S.
9/11 Remembered in New York City
9/11 Ceremony in Shanksville, PA
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

How to save a down payment for a homeBy Jonnelle Marte September 9 Follow @jonnelle
 
Want a house like this? Better start saving. (Photo from Flickr user Universal Pops under Creative Commons license)
When Thomas James Slater moved to San Francisco last year with his wife, they picked the cheapest apartment they could find.
Slater says that between their tech industry salaries (he is a software engineer and his wife works for a startup) the two could probably afford to rent a place that costs three times as much. Instead they’ve sacrificed the chance to live in a hip neighborhood and settled somewhere more suburban so that they could stash the money for a down payment on a home.
“I knew that it would be wiser to try to buy a place here than to continually rent,” Slater says. “I’m less concerned with being trendy.”
As the housing market slowly rebounds, those thinking about buying often stall at the first step: saving the down payment. That’s not altogether surprising. With wages largely flat , saving any money, nevermind money for something as substantial as a down payment, requires drastic changes, advisers say. “You’re not going to earn a down payment by stopping Starbucks,” says Michael Corbett, a real estate expert for Trulia and author of “Before You Buy,” a guidebook for home buyers.
Some people are tempted to pull the money for a down payment from a retirement account, such as a 401(k) or a traditional individual retirement account. But there are better ways, financial advisers say. A 401(k) loan has to be repaid, says Heather Evans, a Merrill Lynch senior vice president and wealth management adviser.
And while first-time home buyers can pull up to $10,000 from an IRA for a down payment without paying a 10 percent tax penalty, they would still need to pay taxes on the cash. Any money that could be used either for retirement or for a new house would be better off in a Roth IRA , Evans says, because those take after-tax dollars and can be cashed out for a house, tax-free, after the account has been open at least five years.
How much to save? For first-time buyers, a 20 percent down payment can increase the chances of qualifying for the loan by giving them a bigger stake in the property, says Scott Halliwell, financial planner with USAA. FHA loans , or those insured by the Federal Housing Administration, require much smaller down payments, as low as 3.5 percent of the purchase price. But those mortgages also require buyers to pay for private mortgage insurance, which can cost 0.3 percent to 1.5 percent of the loan amount per year, according to Bankrate.com.
Cut out the small stuff. It may seem obvious, but the first step to saving a down payment should be to cut down on luxuries that can add up. That could include things like cutting down on daily coffee runs (saving about $1,000 a year), bagging your own lunch (another $2,600) and cooking more meals at home, Evans says.
Sell your car. People might see their house fund grow more quickly if they can cut down on bigger expenses like a car, Evans says. A couple with two monthly car payments may think about selling one car. Even a person with one car might free up a few hundred dollars a month by swapping a newer car for a sturdy used car they can pay for in full, Evans says. Of course, the trade-off could be higher maintenance costs, she says.
Downsize your current housing. As the Slaters know, lowering housing costs can be an easy way to save a large amount of money quickly. For some younger workers, that may include living with mom and dad for a few years so they can save the money they would be paying in rent, Corbett says. People with an extra bedroom might take on a roommate for added income.
Live off of one spouse’s income. In the way that new parents often have to temporarily adjust to having only one paycheck, some couples can set aside one person’s paycheck for the house fund, Halliwell says. Of course, not all couples can afford their monthly expenses this way, but the practice could lead couples to discover savings strategies that may stick even after the home is bought, he says.
Turn your hobby into a paycheck. Some people have success saving by generating a new source of income that is solely for the purpose of buying a home, Corbett says. That might include teaching tennis, waiting tables on the weekends or finding freelance work.
Make it automatic. Once you calculate how much you can set aside each month, have the money diverted automatically from your paycheck into a savings account, Halliwell says. A traditional savings account or money market fund will work for people who are planning to buy a home soon, say in the next year or two, Evans says.
Invest it. Aspiring homeowners who don’t plan to buy for at least five years might help their savings grow if they invest a part of it, Halliwell says. But only a portion of savings should be put into market-based investments, like an S&P 500 index fund, he says. “You have to understand the risk associated with that,” he says. “There is no guarantee you’re going to make money, especially in shorter time frames.”
Don’t force it. Not all people who have the money for a down payment will be ready for homeownership. Prospective buyers should plan for other costs that may arise, such as insurance, renovations and maintenance, Evans says. And people who suspect they won’t be able to keep up with those total costs without giving up their side jobs may want to re-evaluate the timing of their decision. “If you find yourself in a situation where you’re trying to do some financial gymnastics to get into a house, you’re not ready,” Halliwell says.
Read more:

India Inc invests $1.25 bn overseas in Aug  ...India Inc invests $1.25 billion overseas in August, down 49%
By PTI | 11 Sep, 2014, 05.38PM IST
0
Share More
The investments were a mix of issuance of guarantees ($ 742.80 million), loans ($ 303.48 million) and of equity ($ 207.39 million).
()
MUMBAI: Overseas direct investments by Indian firms declined 49 per cent year-on-year to $ 1.25 billion in last month, as per RBI data.
Investments abroad had amounted to $ 2.47 billion in August 2013.
As for month-on-month, in July this year the Indian companies had spent $ 1.12 billion in overseas markets .
The investments were a mix of issuance of guarantees ($ 742.80 million), loans ($ 303.48 million) and of equity ($ 207.39 million).
Reliance Industries, Whiteline Consultancy Services, IL&FS Transportation Networks, JSW Steel Ltd, Strides Acrolab Ltd, United Spirits, Manipal Health Enterprises, Cox & Kings. Sunteck Realty Ltd and Bombay Dyeing were among the major investors who invested their money overseas in August.
Reliance Industries made an investment of $ 70 million in a wholly owned subsidiary (WOS) in the UAE, IL&FS Transportation Networks invested $ 68.69 million in its joint venture in Spain and Strides Acrolab invested a total of $ 63 million in two separate tranches in its wholly owned units in Cyprus and Singapore.
JSW Steel made an investment of $ 54 million in a joint venture (JV) in the US, Whiteline Consultancy $ 66.46 million in a JV in France and Manipal Health Enterprises made commitment of $ 33.12 million in a WOS in Singapore.
Among other major companies, Cox & Kings made a total investment of $ 39.95 million in four different WOS situated in Hong Kong, Singapore and the UK.
United Spirits invested $ 25.36 million in its WOS in British Virgin Islands, Sunteck Realty $ 24.75 million in its WOS in UAE and Bombay Dyeing made an investment of $ 13.86 million in a JV in Indonesia.

Happy Marketing Teachers DayTweet
A tribute to the teachers who taught us all about consumers and marketing
September is the month we celebrate Teachers’ Day. On September 5, the birthday of Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, we bow to thank our teachers for everything they have taught us. Dr Radhakrishnan was a legendary teacher himself, having taught at places as diverse as Madras, Mysore, Calcutta, Banaras Hindu University and Oxford. He went on to become the second President of India, and indeed it is a privilege for a country to have a teacher as its head of state.
Great teachers of marketing
In celebration of Teachers’ Day, this column is therefore dedicated, on behalf of all marketers, to the great teachers of marketing whom we have all learnt from in our colleges and business schools. I still recall the red-brick classrooms of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad three decades ago, where legendary professors such as MN Vora and Abhinandan Jain taught my fellow students and me the art and science of marketing. Leading us through case studies on brand propositions, sales networks, market segmentation and consumer research, they opened our eyes to how brands could wow consumers, and how marketers could win or lose the world.
How often they pulled apart our logic to shreds in front of an entire classroom, when we imagined that we had “cracked open” a case! They showed us the fallacies of marketers, and how to scrupulously avoid them. And they also showcased to us some brilliant insights and ideas, which have stayed with me as vivid as ever, after all these years. If many of us from my batch in IIM-A spontaneously chose marketing or sales or advertising as our profession (and many of us did), one key reason was the passion for this subject with which our great teachers infected us.
Gift of knowledge
Similar to my own experience, I am sure each of you will recall your great teachers of marketing, from your respective college days. If you are still a student in a business school, then of course you have the privilege to enjoy these wonderful interactions even today with your professors, before you eventually step into the corporate world as a practising manager. For the rest of us, we carry the wonderful memories, and, most importantly, the invaluable knowledge that they gave us.
There is no greater gift than knowledge because it is knowledge that gives us the power to shape our own careers and lives. The excellent university in which I completed my undergraduate studies, BITS Pilani, highlights this fact in its timeless Sanskrit motto – “Gnaanam paramam balam” “Knowledge is Power Supreme”. Our teachers gave us this gift, and we should pause for a moment on this day to remember them fondly and pay them our tribute.
From my own experience, I can say that great teachers of marketing share some common attributes. Here are three of these attributes – Love, Lead and Life. Perhaps these “three Ls” are true of teachers of all disciplines, but let us examine them here in the context of our specific area.
First and foremost, these great teachers love the subject of consumers and marketing. As they stride across the classroom and put forward to us concepts and stories, you can feel in their voice and energy the rare passion that can only come with love. This is why they made such a deep impact on us. I can attest that Professor Abhinandan Jain’s classes on consumer research at IIM-A were more memorable, provocative and impactful than some of the finest movies or works of literature that I have seen or read. Such love for the subject also comes, I think, from dispassionate and deep thought about consumer behaviour, which is at the root of all good marketing.
Leading us to new doors
Great teachers also constantly lead us to new doors of knowledge. Perhaps the best known example of this in the area of marketing is Professor Philip Kotler, whose classic book on the subject has, for so many years now, opened new windows in millions of eager minds. Will we ever forget the simple yet compelling manner in which he put forward to us the four Ps of marketing – product, price, place and promotion – with accompanying flow-charts and boxes on every single black-and-white page of that incomparable thick book? Professor Kotler is scheduled to be in India later this year (in Mumbai, on November 18) and I am looking forward keenly to meeting up with a teacher who has never lectured me in the classroom but has taught me many fundamental things I need to know through his timeless book.
Living the stories
Legendary teachers live the art of marketing through wonderful storytelling. They bring concepts and theories to vibrant life through remarkably apt stories of brands or consumer insights or sales and distribution systems, which illustrate big successes or equally big failures. I will never ever forget the story of the big success of Ford’s Model T, or the even bigger failure of Ford’s Edsel, or the story of iconic Indian brands such as Surf or Liril, or indeed the failure of New Coke, as narrated by Professor Vora or his fellow Professors at IIM-A. I am sure each of you will remember marketing concepts through the stories your teachers have narrated, rather than through the theoretical frameworks alone.
For the fraternity of marketers, I think this specific aspect of great teaching also emphasises, in its own way, the importance of storytelling in our lives. We need to tell the stories of our brands and products superbly, because that is what consumers ultimately buy.
It is equally important to remember that, for many of us who have been in the corporate world for a longish time (and certainly for me) some of our best teachers of marketing were not only in the classrooms of our colleges, but also in the cabins and cubicles of our workplaces. Think of the senior managers and supervisors who were our bosses, with whom we walked the markets or discussed brand launches or campaigns, and the many lessons we have learnt from them over the years.
All these great managers shared the same three Ls – Love, Lead and Life – with the legendary professors of our youth.
This emphasises the need for each of us, who are senior marketing professionals in organisations, to invest time, genuine effort and the “three Ls” in imparting our knowledge and lessons from our own case studies to our less experienced yet very eager colleagues. That is how we can create learning organisations which become sustained champions of the art and science of marketing. So, even as we salute our teachers on this special occasion, may I end this tribute by encouraging each of us to become very good teachers ourselves. Happy Marketing Teachers’ Day!
Harish Bhat is the author of “Tata Log : Eight modern stories from a timeless Institution”. These are his personal views. He can be reached at bhatharish@hotmail.com
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Next reaps benefits of risk-taking© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/33fa2dc2-397c-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jan Dhan Yojana: Performance-linked incentives for bank staff on the cardsAbhijit Lele & M Saraswathy |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 12:49 AM IST
Jan Dhan Yojana: Performance-linked incentives for bank staff on the cards
The parameters would be the number of accounts opened, the number of households covered, the camps conducted and house-to-house surveys done
To push the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, the government might offer performance-based incentives for bank staff. The parameters would be the number of accounts opened, the number of households covered, the camps conducted and house-to-house surveys done.
While the Indian Banks’ Association will be involved in giving a broad outline and conceptualising the incentive scheme, it is the government which will take the final call.
The Jan Dhan Yojana, announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on August 15 and launched on August 28, envisages access to banking services to all un-banked individuals in India. Under this scheme, 75 million people would be provided with a bank account and an overdraft facility of Rs 5,000 each.
Further, they would be provided with a RuPay debit card and Rs 1-lakh accident insurance cover. Those opening an account before January 26, 2015, will also be entitled to avail of a life insurance cover of Rs 30,000.
Initially, banks were given a target to open 75 million accounts by the middle of August 2015. After banks had opened about 15 million accounts by this August, the date was forwarded to January 26, 2015.
While account opening is on full swing to reach the target as set by the government, there were concerns of duplication since they were in a rush to open bank accounts. Since there is no specific form for this particular scheme, banks are following the same process, which they use for the regular financial inclusion plan.
Take, for instance, the case of Govindamma. The 54-year-old from Karnataka, working as a housemaid in Mumbai, said this was the first time she was offered a chair to sit in a bank. “The account opening process was smooth and the public sector branch executive just made me fill one form. However, I was not asked if I already had a bank account.”
Some customers in bank branches were eager to avail of the overdraft facility. In a public sector bank branch in central Mumbai’s Sion area, for instance, there were several of them clarifying if two members of a family can be eligible for this. According to the rules mentioned in the application forms, a person will be eligible for overdraft facility after six months of account opening for meeting emergency needs. This is subject to the condition that only one member from a household will be eligible for this facility.
Banks are also enabling customers to redress their grievances by providing toll-free numbers where individuals can call and request for solutions to their issues related to the scheme.
Although work is in progress under this scheme and about 28 million accounts have been opened so far, the issuance of RuPay debit cards has been a bit slow. Antara Chavan, a municipal cleaning staff who just had her account opened under the scheme, has been told by the bank that it will take seven-to-eight days for the card to be issued.
“Having a card would make it easier for us to withdraw money for small purchases. However, we are anticipating some delays since bank officers have told us there is a long waiting list of individuals who are yet to receive these cards,” she said.
 Advertisements

Land Ho! Land s End buoyant on quarterly earnings  sales gainsLand Ho! Land's End  a comfortable port in a sea of troubled retailers
By: Gary Strauss September 10, 2014 11:27 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Land’s End  (LE)   is providing a bit of an oasis of  among the mostly deserted retailing sector.
Shares surged over 20% to $40.20 Wednesday  – a new closing high – after the company posted  a  5.3% rise in second quarter revenue and 5.7% gain in net income.
The relatively weak gains were stronger than expected and roundly welcomed on Wall Street, which has been pummeling department store chains and specialty retailers  with impunity for failing to meet growth expectations.
Land’s End said higher direct sales offset a 3% drop in sales at 247 Lands’ End boutique shops in Sears stores.
“We are pleased with our second quarter results and our progress towards growing the business and building Lands’ End into a global lifestyle brand,” said CEO Edgar Huber. ” While the overall retail environment remained challenging, we continued to see positive customer response to our merchandising and marketing initiatives and remain focused on improving the contemporary relevance of the Lands’ End brand.”
The company was spun off  April 7 by  Sears Holdings SHLD, which acquired the Dodgeville, WI., based clothing company in 2002. Shares are up 32% since the spinoff.
Sears Holdings, meanwhile, had its Triple C credit rating cut to  double-C Wednesday by Fitch, which says the retailer’s cash burn rate may not support operations past 2016. Sears posted a $573 million loss in its latest quarter. Sears shares closed up 2% to $33.75, but are 50% below their 52-week high.
Follow Strauss on Twitter @gstrauss_

Red tape impedes doing business in India: VodafoneRed tape impedes doing business in India: Vodafone
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 19:33 IST
Vodafone India head Marten Pieters.
World's second-largest telecom firm Vodafone , which is facing taxation issues in India, Thursday said it is difficult for foreign companies to do business in the country because of slower government clearances.
Vodafone India head Marten Pieters said the company had sought government's approval in December last year to bring in funds from the parent company to buy airwaves but the clearance is still awaited.
"Yes, it is difficult to do business in India, that's the general perception I think of foreign companies and that is not just in telecom," he said speaking at Economist India Summit in New Delhi.
The British telecom firm is facing a tax liability of over Rs 11,200 crore, along with interest, on its 2007 acquisition of Honk Kong-based Hutchison Whampoa's stake in India's telecom major, Hutchison Essar.
He, however, added that the process for doing business in India "can be made much easier, much smoother by just removing a few things."
On spectrum auctions due in February 2015 and raising equity for it, Pieters said: "I have no answer, I got to know last week that the officer dealing with the file has retired."
Telecom industry in India is in a mess and it is a result of thinking that more the competition the better it is, Pieters said Thursday.
He also said industry structure is a government responsibility and he has seen "very little action" to change this system.
"The telecom industry, if you look at it from international perspective is a mess in India ... and it seems to come from this concept which has been developed in the past that the more competition, the better," Pieters said.
"The industry structure is a problem of the government because spectrum, which is our raw material is in a limited form available and if you get too many players, then you get this problem where nobody has enough spectrum," he said.
 

Our netas and their love for  hate speechesOur netas and their love for 'hate speeches'
Neha Mahajan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 11, 2014
First Published: 13:46 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:52 IST(11/9/2014)
Comments
The chargesheeting of BJP president Amit Shah and the FIR against the party's star campaigner Yogi Adityanath by the UP police on the eve of crucial by-elections have again put the spotlight on hate speech.
The two BJP leaders were not the only ones to be recently booked for vitiating the political and communal atmosphere. Nor was the BJP or its saffron allies the only parties responsible.
A quick glance at the wall of shame shows that leaders from the Samajwadi party and Congress too are in the list. Most of the alleged hate speeches happened in Uttar Pradesh. And most of them happened during the bitter campaign for the 2014 general elections.
Yogi Adityanath
BJP's lead campaigner for Uttar Pradesh by-polls Yogi Adityanath made a controversial statement as he blamed a minority community for the recent communal incidents in the state.
“There have been 450 riots cases in west UP in two-and-a-half years of Samajwadi Party (SP) because the population of a particular community is rising manifold. Why are there no riots in eastern UP? You can easily understand,” he said during a recent rally in Noida.
Then defying a ban by the state government, Adityanath on Wednesday addressed an election meeting in which he accused the ruling Samajwadi party of following a communal agenda.
Amit Shah
The present BJP president  Amit Shah had delivered a speech on April 4 in Muzaffarnagar, a town rocked by communal violence, where he allegedly urged Jats to use the 2014 elections as an opportunity to take "revenge for the insult" during recent riots.
The UP police chargesheeted him on September 10 for his alleged speech.
Pravin Togadia
In April, Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) president Pravin Togadia had targeted Muslims buying properties in Hindu areas in Bhavnagar, Gujarat.
Togadia's remarks that Muslims should be stopped from buying properties in Hindu-majority areas created a furore and invited sharp attacks from various political parties.
Imran Masood
Congress leader Imran Masood stirred up a controversy by threatening to "chop Narendra Modi into pieces". Masood made the speech during the run-up to the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
"If Modi tries to turn Pradesh into Gujarat, then we will chop him into tiny pieces... I am not scared of getting killed or attacking someone. I will fight against Modi. He thinks UP is Gujarat. Only 4% Muslims are there in Gujarat while there are 42% Muslims in UP," he said.
A video, that went viral on the web, showed Masood making the comments during an election rally in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh.
Azam Khan
In April this year, SP leader Azam Khan said India won the Kargil war because of Muslim soldiers and no Hindu soldier was behind the victory.
The remarks were made during a rally in Ghaziabad.
The SP leader had also indirectly called Modi a "dog" in reaction to the latter's "puppy remark". Khan also called Amit Shah a "goon", saying he had come to Uttar Pradesh to "create terror".
Varun Gandhi
BJP leader Varun Gandhi was booked for an alleged hate speech he made in Pilibhit in the run-up to the 2009 general elections.
The BJP leader was alleged to have said at a party rally on March 6, 2009, "If anyone raises a finger towards Hindus or if someone thinks that Hindus are weak and leaderless, if someone thinks that these leaders lick our boots for votes, if anyone raises a finger towards Hindus, then I swear by the Gita that I will cut that hand."
Akbaruddin Owaisi
Majlis-e-Ittehad-ul Muslimeen's (MIM) leader Akbaruddin Owaisi was arrested for using inflammatory language against a community in his speeches.
The police registered four cases against Owaisi, the MLA of Chandrayangutta constituency in Hyderabad, on charges of promoting enmity between different groups and waging or attempting to wage war or abetting waging of war against the government of India.
Beni Prasad Verma
Congress leader Beni Prasad Verma alleged that Narendra Modi committed murder at the age of 18 and ran away from home. He also said that several criminal cases were registered against Modi at various police stations in Gujarat.
In another statement, he termed SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav as "communal", and said he was involved in the conspiracy to demolish Babri Masjid.
Giriraj Singh
BJP leader Giriraj Singh had stoked a controversy during an election meeting in Jharkhand's Deoghar district by saying that those who opposed Modi should go to Pakistan.
Other leaders who have made hate speeches in the past include Maharashtra Navnirman Sena chief Raj Thackeray and Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray for remarks against migrants from Bihar, Shiv Sena's Ramdas Kadam who said "Modi will destroy Pakistan in six months", and KPCC president G Parameshwara who said he was waiting for HD Deve Gowda to consume poison.

Henry Kissinger goes on Colbert. They talked about World War III.Get More: Daily Show Full Episodes , Indecision Political Humor , The Colbert Report on Facebook
 
Before President Obama's speech on the Islamic State on Wednesday, Stephen Colbert sat down with former secretary of state Henry Kissinger. They discussed the upcoming address, whether the world could be bombed into order, World War III (Colbert said that as a "grandpa figure," Kissinger should just reassure the audience that World War III was not impending) and Kissinger's new book, "World Order."
Henry A. Kissinger, author of his new book "World Order," photographed in his office in Washington, D.C. on September 3, 2014. (Photo by Marvin Joseph/The Washington Post)
Kissinger also revealed that he was not on Twitter, and Colbert gleefully told him not to worry about it, that he would create an account for him and send out tweets on his behalf. Hmm... sounds familiar.
Get More: Daily Show Full Episodes , Indecision Political Humor , The Colbert Report on Facebook
 
The interview was far less heated than the one Kissinger recorded with WNYC earlier in the week -- and far less insightful.
"Your knowledge doesn't match your malice." MT @blakehounshell Kissinger isn’t used to adversarial interviews http://t.co/TojFhdFQEp …
— Carlos Lozada (@CarlosLozadaWP) September 10, 2014
'
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410439025/1410439025000/1410439025 tracking: {authors=Jaime Fuller, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=henry-kissinger-goes-on-colbert-they-discuss-world-war-iii-and-twitter, post_id=110623, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 12:37:05 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 12:37:05 PM

5 million Gmail usernames and passwords leaked onlineMicrosoft is in talks to buy the Swedish company behind the wildly popular "Minecraft" video game in a deal valued at more than $2 billion, The Wall Street Journal said Tuesday.
Russian hackers leak 5 million Gmail usernames and passwords online
New Delhi, September 11, 2014
First Published: 15:23 IST(11/9/2014)
print
A list containing about 4.93 million usernames and passwords from Google's Gmail users has been leaked online by Russian hackers.
The account details have been posted on bitcoin forum btcsec.com by a user. The user, named Tvskit, said that approximately 60% of the passwords are still active.
However, Google while acknowledging the leak in a blog post, said that its servers would have blocked suspicious log-in attempts. It further said that only 2% of the password and username combos would work. 
This comes just days after, Apple's high profile iCloud fiasco resulted in leaked nude images of celebrities. However, Google has denied that the leak was due to breach in its own systems.
Read: Jennifer Lawrence, Selena Gomez caught in naked photo scandal
Google said: "Often, these credentials are obtained through a combination of other sources. For instance, if you reuse the same username and password across websites, and one of those websites gets hacked, your credentials could be used to log into the others. Or attackers can use malware or phishing schemes to capture login credentials."
If you want to check whether your password was one that has been leaked, enter your Gmail address into this tool from KnowEm. if you aren't comfortable giving out your email, you can change all your passwords. Click here to check if your email id was leaked.
(With inputs from agencies)

India to jump from 134 to 50 in World Bank`s ease of doing biz ranking by 2016 says DIPP Secy. Too good to be trueChief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2363
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12587
Head - Research
2559
India to jump from 134 to 50 in World Bank`s ease of doing biz ranking by 2016 says DIPP Secy. Too good to be true?
Yes

Telengana government felicitates Sania Mirza with Rs one crore for US Open winPress Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: September 11, 2014 6:48 pm
The Telangana government on Thursday felicitated tennis ace Sania Mirza for her recent victory in the US Open mixed doubles and presented her a cheque of Rs one crore.
“Sania, who is the brand ambassador for Telangana, met Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao, where he appreciated her for winning the title and wished that she win the upcoming China Open and Japan Open as well,” a release from the Chief Minister’s Office (CMO) said.
Sania was given Rs 1 crore prior to the US Open event, in which she was successful, and another Rs 1 crore was handed over to her on the behalf of the state government, it said.
The CM urged Sania to make a Telangana a popular stated in her capacity as its brand ambassador and also the image of Hyderabad as she is a “child of Hyderabad”, according to a media release.
In her reply, Sania thanked the CM for the felicitation.
“I would  like to thank him (Rao) very much for this felicitation. He told me he was very proud. I think we are working together to try and bring Telangana on the world map. I would like thank him very much for this gesture and also thank him very much for his trust in me,” the release quoted Sania as saying.
The CM urged Sania to make a Telangana a popular stated in her capacity as its brand ambassador

Now  a spa for smartphonesSBI Mutual Fund aims at Rs 90,000 cr AUM mark, top 5 ranking by FY'15
SBI Mutual Fund is eyeing entry in the top-5 club of the domestic mutual fund sector by financial ye...

Isro scientist becomes first Indian tourist to go to edge of spaceIsro scientist becomes first Indian tourist to go to edge of space
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 11, 2014
First Published: 08:44 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 11:42 IST(11/9/2014)
A senior scientist working at the Indian Space Research Organisation has become the first Indian to go on a tour of the stratosphere, the edge of space, which is the second layer beyond earth.
Advertisement
The stratosphere is the second major layer of Earth's atmosphere, just above the troposphere, and below the mesosphere. It is stratified in temperature, with warmer layers higher up and cooler layers farther down.
TN Suresh Kumar, an avid traveler, is a senior scientist at Isro's master control facility in Hassan. He paid a sum of Rs. 15 lakh for the travel and took the journey from an agency conducting space travel — Country of Tourism Ltd — in Russia which started the journey called 'Edge of Space' six years ago. He travelled to an altitude of 17,100 metres in a MIG 29 from Sokol Airbase.
"Besides me there was a pilot on the flight. I always wanted to take the Indian flag to space and so I deliberately undertook the journey on August 15. Besides the flag, I also took my mother's photo with me. It was very expensive but nothing can be compared to the thrill that I got. After the space journey, I went on a trans-Siberain tour and returned three days back," he told HT.
Describing the journey he said: "It was a 48 minute flight but we were at the edge of space only for one minute."
"It was in late 1985, I was one of the astronauts short listed to go to space but unfortunately the programme was dropped due to explosion of the space shuttle Challenger in February 1986. This was a great disappointment for me. But it set a new goal for me to touch all the continents of the globe."
On his next mission he said: "I am planning to undertake the zero gravity flight from Russia in February next year."

BlacklistedNot any moreTweet
In a country that aspires to fairness, products coloured black don’t fare too badly, at least in the cities
Rukmani Easwaran, a housewife from New Delhi, is looking to buy a wedding gift for her nephew. She can’t decide between a home theatre system and a wrist watch. After much deliberation, she settles on the former, but chooses to buy it in navy blue or maroon, instead of in black, her favourite colour.
It’s after all a wedding, she reasons, “and whoever gifts black?”
The colour black has associations both positive and negative. In the West, it is most commonly associated with mourning, impurity, evil, violence and the occult but also symbolises power and elegance. In the Eastern world, especially in India, the colour has similar negative associations.
However, now, it is slowly emerging as a colour of choice , at least in some cases, in a market that has for long viewed it in an unfavourable light.
Urban-rural divide
“In a rural environment it would be recommended to steer clear of black branding as the association is far too close to menacing and inauspicious. The only way in which black can work in a rural set-up is by creating an association between the product and something that naturally occurs in black. For instance, a new toothbrush has been introduced by a brand, with black bristles; it claims to be infused with charcoal. This product and its communication would work in rural India, because traditionally, charcoal has been used to clean teeth. In urban India, however, where this practice is little known, the product may click because it’s offering consumers something different, distinct and new in terms of product packaging,” says Smita Rajgopal, Founder of branding and design consultancy Smitten.
“It’s all in the positioning. A black pack of perfume associates well with mystique, or a predominantly black-packaged shampoo could subconsciously associate with rich black hair,” she adds.
Black is a no-no for a wedding party or religious ceremonies as a choice of apparel, says fashion designer Bhaavya Bhatnagar. “But people are open to black in western formals; for occasions such as parties, and black-tie dinners,” she adds.
India’s acceptance of black, at least in some categories, is a result of globalisation, increased exposure.
Right now, it is mostly limited to urban areas, believes Bedraj Tripathy, Senior General Manager, Marketing, Godrej Interio. While black works for cars, furniture, gadgets, computers, and apparel, “I have not seen too much of it in FMCG products,” he adds. A salesman at a Hyundai dealership in Chennai says the company has stopped making black versions of its small cars/hatchbacks. It sells black only in sedans now. “Black vehicles don’t move much. They absorb a lot of heat which is not helpful in a hot country like India. Culturally too, people here are against black, they don’t like to buy black products. Their resale value is low too,” he adds.
However, a salesman at a Maruti dealership, also in Chennai, says only about 10 per cent of prospective customers at his showroom reject black because it has connotations of inauspiciousness. The majority of them do not want it because a black car becomes very hot and dust and dirt show up easily on it.
He observes that customers in certain professions tend to stick to certain colours. Lawyers, for instance, prefer black cars, while doctors go for white and priests go for “Sunlight Copper”.
Blending with background
“Black is not really shunned by people for their gadgets of daily use,” says Kishlay Ray, Vice-President (Marketing), Sharp Business Systems India. Consumers are now much more willing to accept black in certain categories such as cell phones, as the colour fades the least and it absorbs radiation better, says Pankaj Bhasin, Head (Marketing Communications) Sunstrike Telecom, which makes the Rage brand of mobile phones. “One hasn’t faced any difficulty in marketing black-coloured phones since consumers, for long, have preferred them in the colour,” says Soumitra Gupta, Managing Director and CEO of Taiwan-based phone manufacturer Oplus, India.
Changes in lifestyles and mindsets are breaking down the resistance to black. “In homes, white goods such as ovens, fridges, air-conditioners and washing machines in black have seen acceptance and are chosen because they can fit into any background,” says Ranjith Nair, Head, Business Development, Siemens Home Appliances, India.
As integrating as it can be, the colour provides an edge too. “Black products stand out visually in displays,” adds Neeraj Gupta, GM (Sales and Marketing), Living Environment Division, Mitsubishi Electric India. “A black-coloured appliance is also perceived to be a ‘premium’ product,” says Shanta Roy Sanjeev, Marketing Head, Haier India. “It makes the product look durable and sturdy,” adds Suresh Sethi, Head of Global Consumer Design, Whirlpool of India.
“If the choice was to buy a home theatre for my house, I would have most certainly bought one in black. It matches everything,” says Rukmani Easwaran.
Had it been a gift for another occasion, she would have surely gone for black. Would she ever consider wearing black for a wedding or for any other ritual anytime in the near future? “Of course not, it’s inauspicious,” comes the reply.
Black is beautiful, yes, but clearly, old beliefs die hard.
With inputs from Sravanthi Challapalli
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Vistara Launch May Get Delayed by Couple of MonthsYou are here: Home Corporates
Vistara Launch May Get Delayed by Couple of Months
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 10, 2014 21:11 (IST)
French Major Alstom Accused of Bribery in Delhi Metro Project
New Delhi: The launch of Vistara, the Tata-Singapore Airlines joint venture airline, may get delayed by a couple of months due to regulatory approvals, officials said on Wednesday.
The airline, which is slated to get its first Airbus A-320 soon, had earlier announced plans to start operations in October.
The proposed carrier would have to complete various formalities before the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) gives it the flying licence or the scheduled operator's permit (SOP), the officials said.
As part of the major formalities, the plane which arrives here would have to be painted in Vistara colours.
It would then have to carry out a number of proving flights before aviation regulator DGCA grants it clearance to launch services by granting it the airworthiness certificate, they said, adding that the painting would have to be done in Singapore.
The full-service carrier would also have to prepare the flight, operations and engineering manuals and get them approved by the DGCA, the officials who requested anonymity said, adding that all this would take at least a couple of months.
An airline spokesperson said, "Vistara is working very closely with the regulators to ensure all requisite requirements and processes are being complied with."
Delhi-based Vistara is a 51:49 joint venture between Tata Sons and Singapore Airlines and the two stakeholders have said they would put in a total investment of $100 million.
In August, Vistara CEO Phee Teik Yeoh had said, "We are in the last lap of the process of securing the SOP. There are a series of approvals which we have to get to the satisfaction of DGCA."
He had also said that the first aircraft would be coming in by September and five aircraft would be available "in our fleet by the end of this calendar year".
The proposed carrier has decided to lease 20 Airbus A-320 aircraft, including seven A-320 Neo series planes which have the latest technology on board.
The airline plans to start services to five cities and go up to 11 within a year with 87 weekly flights. The plans are to link Delhi with Mumbai, Bangalore, Goa, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Jammu, Srinagar, Patna and Chandigarh.
Story first published on: September 10, 2014 20:38 (IST)

Incentive scheme for Jan Dhan Yojana is underway: SourcesFinance Ministry framing incentive scheme for bankers to push Jan Dhan
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 19:14 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
In order to give a push to Jan Dhan scheme, the government is working out an attractive incentive scheme to encourage bankers to expeditiously meet account opening target.
"The Finance Ministry is preparing incentive scheme for bankers. It will be unveiled soon," sources said.
The government has already fixed minimum monthly renumeration of Rs 5,000 to business correspondents who provide the last link between the account holders and the bank.
The first phase of Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) is scheduled to be completed by January 26, 2015, as against original plan of August 15, 2015.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched this ambitious scheme of financial inclusion on August 28 and announced that 7.5 crore bank accounts would be opened during the first phase.
The main features of the PMJDY scheme include Rs 5,000 overdraft facility for Aadhar-linked accounts, RuPay Debit Card with inbuilt Rs 1 lakh accident insurance cover.
Besides, account holders under the scheme will get life insurance cover of Rs 30,000.
Yesterday, the Cabinet, headed by the Prime Minister, took stock of the Jan Dhan Yojana, under which banks have opened 3.02 crore accounts and mobilised about Rs 1,500 crore.
As of September 8, 2014, 3.02 crore accounts have been opened, of which 1.89 crore are in rural areas and 1.13 crore are in urban areas.
Banks have collected deposits of Rs 1,496.51 crore under the scheme so far, which works out to Rs 495 per account.
The new scheme, sources said, is a significant improvement over the UPA's financial inclusion programme.
The earlier scheme had no focus on households and no emphasis was given on urban financial inclusion, according to some experts. Besides, they maintained that there was a cumbersome Know Your Customer formality, restricting account opening.
Other deficiencies cited included lack of credit disbursement and 47 per cent of business correspondents being untraceable, resulting in inactive accounts.
The new scheme, sources said, has tried to address all the possible deficiencies and its monitoring would be done at state and district levels.
The 'mission mode' approach has been envisaged with the Finance Minister as head of the mission.

Ted Cruz speech to Christian group cut short by boos after Israel commentsBy Sean Sullivan September 11 at 8:33 AM Follow @WaPoSean
. (AP Photo, J. Scott Applewhite, File)
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) is defending his Wednesday night remarks at a Washington event -- comments which drew boos he attributed to "anti-Semitism...[rearing] its ugly head."
The senator was booed at an event hosted by a Christian group in Washington, leaving the stage after the hostility did not subside.
In a lengthy statement issued after the event, Cruz said he had "no choice" but to walk away after "a vocal and angry minority" criticized his comments in support of Israel.
Speaking at a gala hosted by In Defense Of Christians, an organization that seeks to raise awareness of the persecution of Christians and religious minorities in the Middle East, Cruz defended Israel -- remarks which drew a sharp response from some in the audience.
Part of the events were captured on video by EWTN News Nightly's Jason Calvi. The Daily Caller reported that Cruz was booed after he said that "Christians have no greater ally than Israel."
"If you will not stand with Israel and the Jews, then I will not stand with you. Thank you and God bless you," Cruz says in the video before walking off the stage.
“I told the attendees that those who hate Israel also hate America, that those who hate Jews also hate Christians, and that anyone who hates Israel and the Jewish people is not following the teachings of Christ," said Cruz in his statement issued after the event. "These statements were met with angry boos. I went on to tell the crowd that Christians in the Middle East have no better friend than Israel. That Christians can practice their faith free of persecution in Israel. And that ISIS, al Qaeda, Hamas, and Hezbollah, along with their state sponsors in Syria and Iran, are all part of the same cancer, murdering Christians and Jews alike. Hate is hate, and murder is murder."
Cruz added, "Anti-Semitism is a corrosive evil, and it reared its ugly head tonight."
In a statement referencing a "disruption" at the dinner but not naming Cruz, In Defense of Christians President Toufic Baaklini said, "In this case, a few politically motivated opportunists chose to divide a room that for more than 48 hours sought unity in opposing the shared threat of genocide, faced not only by our Christian brothers and sisters, but our Jewish brothers and sisters and people of all other faiths and all people of good will."
It wasn't the first time Cruz has faced a restive crowd: He was heckled by protesters during a 2013 town hall in Texas.
Sean Sullivan has covered national politics for The Washington Post since 2012.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410438780/1410438780000/1410438780 tracking: {authors=Sean Sullivan, blog_name=post-politics, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=ted-cruz-speech-to-christian-group-cut-short-by-boos-after-israel-comments, post_id=97538, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 12:33:00 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 12:33:00 PM

The Ultimate Compilation Of Cats Bullying People* What kind of error is this?
* What is the correction? 0 count
Describe the error here (1,000 character limit)
* Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg
Sign me up for The Morning Email
Thank you!

General Motors to launch 40 new cars in India  other international marketsSBI Mutual Fund aims at Rs 90,000 cr AUM mark, top 5 ranking by FY'15
SBI Mutual Fund is eyeing entry in the top-5 club of the domestic mutual fund sector by financial ye...

Ferrari boss quits after 23 years  Fiat chief executive to take overUpdated: September 10, 2014 13:24 IST
Ferrari boss quits after 23 years, Fiat chief executive to take over
DPA
REUTERS Ferrari President Luca Cordero di Montezemolo
REUTERS Fiat's Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne
TOPICS
automobile
Ferrari Chairman Luca Cordero di Montezemolo said on Wednesday he was resigning after 23 years at the helm, in a move that had widely been expected after his record was questioned by parent company Fiat-Chrysler.
On Sunday, Fiat-Chrysler (FCA) Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne said Mr. Montezemolo had done a “great job” in terms of financial results, but criticized Ferrari’s recent winless streak in Formula 1. He is taking over Montezemolo’s position. “This is the end of an era and so I have decided to leave my position as chairman after almost 23 marvellous and unforgettable years in addition to those spent at Enzo Ferrari’s side in the 1970s,” Mr. Montezemolo said in a statement. He said the upcoming listing on Wall Street of the recently-merged Fiat-Chrysler, expected next month, would “open up a new and different phase which I feel should be spearheaded by the CEO of the group.” The management shake-up comes into effect on October 13.
“Luca and I have discussed the future of Ferrari at length. And our mutual desire to see Ferrari achieve its true potential on the track has led to misunderstandings which became clearly visible over the last weekend,” Mr. Marchionne said in a separate statement.
“Ferrari is the most wonderful company in the world. It has been a great privilege and honour to have been its leader. I devoted all of my enthusiasm and commitment to it over the years. Together with my family, it was, and continues to be, the most important thing in my life,” he said.
The Fiat-Chrysler group owns 90 per cent of the Prancing Horse sports car marque, while the rest belongs to founder Enzo Ferrari’s son, Piero.

Missouri passes the nations second-strictest abortion waiting periodBy Niraj Chokshi September 11 at 9:14 AM Follow @NirajC
Abortion rights activists hold signs on the steps of the Missouri Capitol on Wednesday. (Jeff Roberson/AP)
Missouri lawmakers on Wednesday tripled the time a woman must wait to get an abortion, making its new 72-hour waiting period the nation’s second-strictest.
Only South Dakota and Utah  have equally long waits. South Dakota’s is the strictest, as it excludes weekends and holidays from the wait and contains no exceptions for rape or incest. Missouri’s law, which will go into effect 30 days from Wednesday’s vote, according to the Associated Press , also contains no exception for rape or incest. Utah’s does.
Wednesday’s vote was just one of the 47 veto overrides during this September legislative session. In his veto of  the abortion bill in July, Gov. Jay Nixon (D) said that because of its lack of rape or incest exceptions, it “demonstrates a callous disregard for women who find themselves in horrific circumstances.” An amendment that would have included such an exception was voted down  this year.
The measure passed by wide margins in both chambers. The House voted 117 to 44, while senators used a rare procedural move to shut down Democratic debate, ultimately voting 23 to 7 for the override, AP reported. A two-thirds majority was required to pass it.
A Planned Parenthood clinic in St. Louis is the state’s only abortion provider. Neighboring Iowa, Illinois and Tennessee do not impose waiting periods, according to the reproductive rights-focused Guttmacher Institute . Arkansas, Kansas, Kentucky, Nebraska and Oklahoma do.
Of the nation’s 26 state waiting periods, 11 require in-person counseling, meaning women must make two trips to a clinic. The wait is 18 hours in Indiana, one full day in 20 states, two days in Alabama (effective in May) and three days in South Dakota, Utah and, now, Mississippi. In Arkansas, there is no strict hourly requirement; women must wait until the next day to get a procedure. Waiting periods in Massachusetts and Montana are not enforced by court order.
In five states, women are told that personhood begins at conception and in 12 they are told that fetuses feel pain, an assertion disputed by  the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists .
(Source: Guttmacher Institute; Credit: Niraj Chokshi)
Niraj Chokshi reports for GovBeat, The Post's state and local policy blog.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410441295/1410441295000/1410441295 tracking: {authors=Niraj Chokshi, blog_name=govbeat, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=missouri-passes-the-nations-second-strictest-abortion-waiting-period, post_id=15286, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 1:14:55 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 1:14:55 PM

Rupee near session high as corporates sell dollarsLast Updated at 01:18 PM IST
Rupee near session high as corporates sell dollars
The rupee is trading at 60.83/84 against the dollar versus 60.94/95 on Wednesday. Some consolidation is seen after two straight days of losses.
The rupee is trading at 60.8250/8350 versus Wednesday's close of 60.94/95 after hitting a session high of 60.82.
 
Traders cited custodian and corporate dollar sales, and will continue to monitor foreign fund flows for direction.
 
Losses in local stocks are hurting the Indian unit.
 
The rupee is seen in a 60.60 to 61.10 range until close.
 Advertisements

3 UPLF militants killed in encounterPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 11, 2014 6:56 pm
Three armed cadres of the newly-formed United People’s Liberation Front (UPLF) were killed in encounter with a joint team of Assam Police and Assam Rifles at Hatikhuli under Langting PS in Dima Hasao district in Assam in the wee hours today.
Police recovered one AK-56 rifle, one 7.65 pistol, one Chinese grenade and a cache of ammunition from the slain militants.
A relatively new outfit that was formed only in 2013, the UPLF had gunned down Karbi Anglong SP Nityananda Gowami in June this year. It was only last week that seven UPLF militants had surrendered to the police in the adjoining Karbi Anglong district.

None of them when india inc friendly government is in power !Like this Message. Repost it to millions of investors.
Guest
True-stock prices will definitely come down & it will be attractive for investors who believe in MODIONOMICS would reap handsome profits in a short time frame.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
about 2 hrs 44 min 16 sec ago

Suzlon Energy: AGM on Sept 25  2014Sep 11, 2014, 04.48 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Suzlon Energy: AGM on Sept 25, 2014
Suzlon Energy has informed that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Suzlon Energy: AGM on Sept 25, 2014
Suzlon Energy has informed that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Suzlon Energy Ltd has informed BSE that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Taiwanese companies explore business tie ups in IndiaMahesh Kulkarni |  Bangalore Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 06:16 PM IST
Taiwanese companies explore business tie ups in India
Taiwan World Trade Centre (TWTC), a non-profit organisation for trade promotion in Taiwan, is exploring opportunities in India to enter into joint venture in India for some of the top companies from Taiwan.TWTC has brought to India over 200 companies from Taiwan to showcase their products and services at the 8th edition of Electronics, Machhinery & Moulds, Auto & Motorcycle parts and accessories exhibition in Bangalore. Through this expo, Taiwanese companies are offering $24 million wort
Taiwan World Trade Centre (TWTC), a non-profit organisation for trade promotion in Taiwan, is exploring opportunities in India to enter into joint venture in India for some of the top companies from Taiwan.
TWTC has brought to India over 200 companies from Taiwan to showcase their products and services at the 8th edition of Electronics, Machhinery & Moulds, Auto & Motorcycle parts and accessories exhibition in Bangalore.
Through this expo, Taiwanese companies are offering $24 million worth of business opportunities, compared to $12.4 million worth of business generated during the 7th edition of EMMA Expo in Chennai last year.
"Taiwanese companies are not familiar with India and the business opportunities available here. We have brought some of the best companies from Taiwan to familiarise with Indian market, so that they understand and enter into business joint ventures in the years to come," Walter Yeh, Executive Vice President, TWTC told Business Standard, here.
He said, already 97 companies from Taiwan are doing business in India that include Asus, HTC among others. A large number of companies from Taiwan are exploring possibilities to set up manufacturing in Gujarat, Andhra Pradesh, Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore in the areas of electronics, medical equipment, shipping and education among others, he said adding that TWTC aims to bring at least 500 companies from Taiwan to India over the next decade and enter into business relations with Indian companies.
Among the top players at the EMMA Expo are Taiwan firms like Huu Lane Associate Inc, an automotive connector and terminal manufacturer, Tongtai Machine & Tool Co. Ltd, a provider of equipment, instruments and tools, CoreTech System Co. Ltd, provider of injection moulding series with simulation solutions, CUB Elecparts Inc, manufacturer of electrical and electronic auto parts, Litemax Electronics Inc, maker of LCD products with mass-production capability, Rhymebus Corp, frequency inverter manufacturer, Karma Medical Products Co. Ltd, customised maker of wheelchairs, standing chairs, general purpose chairs among others.
Taiwan Excellence Pavilion has companies like Asus, Acer, BenQ, D-Link, Gigabyte, Silicon Power and Transcend among others.
"Taiwan and India are two hubs of learning. Both nations cherish education, which backs innovation that generates business, industry and wealth. The EMMA Expo also features the Taiwan Higher Education Exposition that includes nine leading educational institutions including Academia Sinica, the Taiwan Education Centre India, National Tsing Hua University, Kaohsiung Medical University among others," said Yeh.
Sponsored by government and industry, TWTC assists Taiwan businesses and manufacturers to reinforce their international competitiveness and to cope with the challenges in foreign markets.
The EMMA Expo is running in conjunction with the India Manufacturing Show for the second time. Union minister for fertiliser and chemicals Ananth Kumar opened the expo, here today.
 Advertisements

Restaurants in HyderabadSubscribe to our burrptastic newsletter
You are now subscribed to our newsletter - thank you!
FOLLOW US ON

Today s links: Munger on MuskEMAIL
Charles Munger (AP photo)
Charles Munger, vice chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, talked to shareholders of the Daily Journal Corp ., a newspaper publisher where he serves as chairman. During the session, he defended Berkshire’s backing of the Burger King/Tim Hortons merger, as well as the performance of the Daily Journal (“It’s pretty good for a failing business.”) But his best comment was about Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla Motors.
“I think Elon Musk is a genius, and I don’t use that word lightly,” Munger said in response to a question about whether they’d talked. “He’s also one of the boldest men who ever came down the pike. So put me down as saying I’ve always been afraid of the guy whose IQ is 190 and he thinks it’s 250.”
Peter Thiel, co-founder of PayPal, notes that of the 92 people worth $10 billion or more, 11 were in technology and 11 were in computers. The largest number, 25, were people whose businesses involve mining natural resources .
Not everyone is entranced by Alibaba , the Chinese e-commerce company set to go public soon. “China is to stock fraud as Silicon Valley is to technology,” said short-seller Carson Block of the research firm Muddy Waters. (A short-seller bets that stock prices will fall.)
California Gov. Jerry Brown has signed a bill that mandates paid sick leave . Full-time and part-time employees will be able to get at least three days of paid sick leave starting in 2015. Brown, who said there was a growing inequality between workers and business owners, called the mandate “really modest.”
The Government Accountability Office says 155,000 people  have had their Social Security payments cut because of student debt. The figure has risen from 31,000 in 2002.
Which is worse: A hurricane or a banking crisis ? In terms of cost, they’re pretty much a tie: Both a banking meltdown and a hurricane reduces the income of those affected by about 7.5%.

In search of the missing  i  in Apple WatchSBI Mutual Fund aims at Rs 90,000 cr AUM mark, top 5 ranking by FY'15
SBI Mutual Fund is eyeing entry in the top-5 club of the domestic mutual fund sector by financial ye...

World Stocks Down as Fed s Next Policy Move MulledThe final season of "Sons of Anarchy" picked up the vengeful saga of Jax Teller, played by actor Charlie Hunnam, in...
Prashant Gupta/FX

Dollar General Is Making a Hostile Bid for Dollar Store DominanceSite of the Dollar Wars.
Photo by Random Retail via Flickr
Dollar General is done playing nice. After being rejected twice by Family Dollar in its bid for the smaller company, Dollar General on Wednesday set in motion a hostile takeover by bringing its $9.1 billion offer directly to Family Dollar's shareholders.
Drama has heated up at America's dollar stores throughout the summer: First Dollar Tree planned to buy the struggling Family Dollar, and then Dollar General came looking for a share. Dollar stores are a $48.2 billion market in the U.S. and are projected to grow 18 percent over the next five years, according to data from Euromonitor International, making them a lucrative slice of the retail market. Dollar General is by far the biggest of the three chains, with $17.5 billion in annual sales—more than twice the $7.84 billion that Dollar Tree brought in last year and well over Family Dollar's $10.39 billion. Both Dollar General and Family Dollar sell their items at a cheap range of prices, while Dollar Tree is a "true" dollar store that sells everything for $1.
Advertisement
The cash tender offer from Dollar General is to purchase all outstanding shares of Family Dollar for $80 apiece. That well exceeds the $74.50 per share or $8.5 billion buyout offer made by Dollar Tree and also tops Family Dollar's current share price of around $78.60. Shareholders will have about a month to consider the proposal: Dollar General said that the current offer is set to expire at 5 p.m. on Oct. 8.
Approaching Family Dollar shareholders allows Dollar General to begin crucial discussions with the Federal Trade Commission over how it could get a deal by regulators without being blocked on the antitrust front. In its repeated rejections of Dollar General, Family Dollar has argued that the proposal is riddled with antitrust concerns . More than 1,500 of Family Dollar's 8,000-some stores are located in areas where the only significant competition comes from a neighboring Dollar General. Thousands more compete with a Dollar General and a Walmart. If Family Dollar really is a crucial check on Dollar General prices in 1,500 or more of those locations—and possibly the ones with a Walmart as well—then it's not hard to see how a merger could be considered anti-competitive.
Scott Hemphill, a professor of antitrust and regulation at Columbia Law School, notes that antitrust issues with retail mergers can often be resolved on a case-by-case basis. So while the FTC might find Dollar General's proposed takeover to be anti-competitive in some parts of the country, it could be completely fine in others. "In retail we think these things are fixable, because you can sell stores in areas where there's a problem," he explains.
Dollar General has already attempted to go this route, initially proposing to sell 700 stores and saying on Wednesday that it would be willing to divest up to 1,500 stores if needed. For the rest of its locations, it seems to be betting that some combination of local competitors and Walmart will be sufficient to overcome regulators' concerns. Dollar General has also accused Family Dollar's CEO Howard Levine of hiding behind the antitrust line to look out for his own job . But if Levine is taking a risk to preserve his standing, so is Dollar General in initiating a hostile takeover—as the Wall Street Journal notes , the company has made its offer without even seeing Family Dollar's confidential financial information.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.
 

Syrian air raids kill 11 in extremist-held townPrint
This image posted by the Raqqa Media Center of the Islamic State group, a militant extremist group, which has been authenticated based on its contents and other AP reporting, shows Syrians inspecting the rubble of a damaged houses following a Syrian government airstrike in the northeastern city of Raqqa, Syria, Saturday, Sept. 6, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Beirut | Posted: September 11, 2014 6:56 pm
Syrian government airstrikes, including one on a crowded sheep market, killed at least 11 people on Thursday in a northern town controlled by the Islamic State group, activists said.
After largely ignoring the rise of the al-Qaida splinter group over the past year, President Bashar Assad’s air force has begun to target Islamic State militants more regularly since the extremist faction seized control of much of northern Syria and a large part of neighboring Iraq in June.
Two activist groups, the Aleppo Media Center and the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said Tuesday’s air raids struck the town of al-Bab in Aleppo province.
The Britain-based Observatory said at least 11 people were killed and more than 17 wounded. The AMC put the death toll at 19 and said another 20 people were wounded.
It was not possible to reconcile the difference in casualty figures, but numbers frequently vary in the chaotic aftermath immediately following attacks.

After 9/11   We re Not American Enough
Apple pushes digital wallet with Apple PaySBI Mutual Fund aims at Rs 90,000 cr AUM mark, top 5 ranking by FY'15
SBI Mutual Fund is eyeing entry in the top-5 club of the domestic mutual fund sector by financial ye...

Kitle somzaitolie re tanka  akal na tya munsyankPlatinum Member
199 Followers
Apparently i seem to have ruffled a few feathers on this board :-) A few simple questions about business model, prospects, viability etc and the "Expert" brigade start bombarding with messages asking me to compare Ybrant with TCS, Tata JLR etc. LOL. I was hoping to engage in a discourse wherein we could talk CAGR, OPN, EBIDTA, CAsh flow etc . What can i respond to these very silly comments ?And i dont really want to spend quality time engaging in conversation with someone whose idea of stock investing is "invest" and then pray.
To each his own. The quality of an investor who posts on MMB can be easily gauged from the quality of stocks that he or she recommends. Going by this standard, there are very illeterate and uninformed people. A bull market makes everyone look like an expert as even trash starts moving up.
All i have to say is that be wary of the stocks that have poor fundamentals and be even warier of those people who peddle poor quality stocks. Let not the appreciation fool you for even penny stocks move up with the momentum. When reality sets in, thats when you will left holding the baby.
Good luck

On foreign funding and U.S. think tanksComments
By David Post September 10 at 9:36 PM
Sunday’s New York Times had a long and rather nasty article – something a little too close to a hatchet job for comfort, in my opinion – suggesting that “Foreign Powers Buy Influence at Think Tanks” in Washington, DC.
[Full Disclosure: My wife, Nancy Birdsall, is the founder and President of one of the think tanks targeted in the article, the Center for Global Development (CGD), and I know about, and care about, the work it does entirely because of that connection. I doubt I would even have looked at the Times article, and I certainly would not have read it as carefully as I did or cared as much about what it said, had it not discussed CGD's work. I am not, therefore, an unbiased observer - I freely admit as much, and if that causes you, my reader, to disregard everything I write below I would certainly understand. And needless to say: my opinions here are not those of CGD or anyone associated with it (including my wife).]
According to the article, Norway’s “partner in Washington” (i.e., CGD) agreed to “push top officials at the White House, at the Treasury Department and in Congress to double spending on a United States foreign aid program.” What was this “foreign aid program” that CGD would “push top officials” to adopt? Not until around paragraph 50 do we find out:
“Norway paid the Center for Global Development . . . to persuade the United States government to spend more money on combating global warming by slowing the clearing of forests in countries like Indonesia . . . Norway’s agreement imposed very specific demands on the Center for Global Development. The research organization, in return for Norway’s money, was not simply asked to publish reports on combating climate change. The project documents ask the think tank to persuade Washington officials to double United States spending on global forest protection efforts to $500 million a year. “Target group: U.S. policy makers,” a progress report reads.”
Hard-hitting investigative stuff! Until one realizes that the Times learned all of this because CGD lists on its website all of its funders and the amount and purpose of all of its grants (one of the reasons it was one of two US think tanks earning a 5-star transparency rating from the independent review agency, Transparify.org), and the Norwegian government discloses all grant agreements and related correspondence – and this has been true since the very beginning of the project.
So what, exactly, is the problem here? Is it that the project envisions that CGD will do more than just “publish reports,” but it will actually try to “persuade Washington officials” to do something – in this case, to expand support for a specific approach (known as “ results-based REDD+ financing “) to global forest protection efforts? But that can’t be the problem – that’s what CGD does all the time (along with many other think tanks); they do policy research, they sometimes come up with new ways of solving difficult problems, and they advocate to get those implemented. [And CGD has been astonishingly successful at this over the years, and the world, if I may say so, might just be a better place for it]
So if that’s not the problem, the problem must lie in the fact that it is foreign (Norwegian) money funding CGD’s efforts. But what’s wrong with that? What the Times doesn’t mention – and which really is critical to understanding what’s going on here – is that CGD had been working on this project of “persuading top officials” to adopt these specific policies in regard to deforestation long before the Norwegians and/or their funds arrived on the scene. The “result-based REDD+ financing” scheme emerged out of earlier work by CGD staff (and others) on the (very serious) problem of getting “developed” country donors, who are spending billions of dollars on anti-deforestation efforts, to do so in the most efficient and effective way possible. The Times article makes it appear as if the Norwegians came to CGD one day and said: “We have this idea about financing reforestation efforts, and we’d like you to persuade the US (and other countries) that it’s a good idea” and CGD said “Yes, we’ll do that.” But that’s not what happened. What happened was that CGD had the idea, and had been working on it for a long time, and then persuaded the Norwegians to fund their efforts to get it developed further and implemented. Getting things done like that costs money, and CGD was happy to receive money from the Norwegians for that purpose. And CGD and the Norwegians disclosed that relationship for all the world to see. Where’s the problem?
Perhaps, then, the problem is that this kind of relationship raises, in the Times’ words, “troubling questions about intellectual freedom,” with scholars at the affected institutions being “pressured to reach conclusions friendly to the government financing the research.” Well, that certainly could be a problem – and it is precisely why the transparency and disclosure practices of institutions like CGD are so important, so that the world can see precisely where the money is coming from and make its own judgments about scholarly independence. But nobody from CGD is quoted in the article as saying, and nobody as CGD has ever intimated, to my knowledge, that any such pressure has ever been applied to them on any CGD project. It’s a nasty innuendo to suggest otherwise, and the Times should perhaps be a little more sparing of nasty innuendo.
So finally we come to the Big Problem: CGD (and the other think tanks discussed in the article) may be violating US law, because, according to “three lawyers who specialize in the law governing Americans’ activities on behalf of foreign governments,” these CGD activities “appeared to have . . . merited registration as foreign agents of Norway.” The reference is to the Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA), which prohibits any person from acting “as an agent of a foreign principal” without registering with the Attorney General (22 USC 612(a)), and which defines “agent of a foreign principal” as any person who acts as an agent, representative, employee, or servant, or any person who acts in any other capacity at the order, request, or under the direction or control, of a foreign principal . . . , and who directly or through any other person- (i) engages within the United States in political activities for or in the interests of such foreign principal; . . . or (iv) within the United States represents the interests of such foreign principal before any agency or official of the Government of the United States . . .” 22 USC 611. Now, I’m not a lawyer who specializes in this area – but I am a lawyer, and it strikes me as preposterous to suggest that CGD is Norway’s “agent” in this matter, or that it is acting under Norway’s “direction or control,” at least under the meaning of those terms as they are used elsewhere in the law. Agents must do what their principal(s) tell them to do – that’s what makes them “agents.” CGD does not do what Norway tells it to do, and the contract document gives the Norwegians no rights to direct CGD’s efforts in the manner of a principal directing its agent.
But that’s not even the silliest part of this whole kerfuffle. The silliest part of it is that even if you thought CGD was Norway’s agent, all that would happen under FARA is that they would have to register and disclose their relationship with Norway to the public - which they’ve already done, from the very start of the project. Absolutely nothing at all, in other words, would be gained by requiring FARA registration. If the statute has a purpose, it is to alert the US public to activities in the US that are being directed and controlled by foreign governments. But anyone could have seen for him/herself exactly what the relationship between the Norwegian government and CGD is, from perusing the CGD website. So even if there’s been a technical violation of the registration requirement (which I do not believe there has been), the effect was entirely harmless – compliance with the statutory requirements would have resulted in precisely what CGD already had brought into effect, namely knowledge on the part of the American public that the Norwegians were funding this effort. Robin Davies on the DevPolicy blog put it well:
In short, there might be, in fact or in principle, funding arrangements between think tanks and foreign governments that would justify the article’s headline—‘Foreign Powers Buy Influence at Think Tanks’—but the Norway-CGD arrangement certainly isn’t among them. The public policy outcome sought in this case would yield global, not unilateral benefits; CGD’s climate-change-mitigation policy agenda was already clear and its work program well developed; and the funding arrangement was perfectly visible to anyone who cared to look. Norway funded CGD to do more of what it was already doing in a global context; not to take Norway’s side in some bilateral manoeuvring vis-à-vis the US administration.
It is very, very difficult for me to see why the Times is so worked up about this.
[Full Disclosure #2: No Norwegians have been consulted in the preparation of this article, and I have no obligations, express or implied, to do the bidding of any foreign government in the expression of my ideas]
David Post taught intellectual property and Internet law at Georgetown Law Center and Temple University Law School until his recent retirement. He is the author of "In Search of Jeffersons Moose: Notes on the State of Cyberspace" (Oxford, 2009), a Fellow at the Center for Democracy and Technology, and an Adjunct Scholar at the Cato Institute.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410399370/1410399370000/1410399370 tracking: {authors=David Post, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=on-foreign-funding-and-u-s-think-tanks, post_id=13327, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 1:36:10 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 1:36:10 AM

Sugar industry presses panic button as raw sugar prices fall in global marketsSanjay Jog |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 06:18 PM IST
Sugar industry presses panic button as raw sugar prices fall in global markets
Sugar industry has pressed a panic button in the wake of falling prices of raw and white sugar in the global markets
Sugar industry has pressed a panic button in the wake of falling prices of raw and white sugar in the global markets. Raw Sugar prices have fallen below 15 cents per pound while white sugar at $396 per ton.
Further, industry has painted a bleak picture on the export front fearing its unviability in the present market conditions. Private and cooperative sugar factories will soon seek the Centre's intervention for an immediate help to avoid yet another crisis.
Abinash Verma, Director General, Indian Sugar Mills Association (ISMA) told Business Standard '' Import of raw sugar is not viable with increase of import duty to 25% and also due to current domestic and current global conditions and rupee dollar exchange rate. Further, there is a surplus of 2.5 million ton which is putting pressure on domestic prices as cash flows are blocked. There is a need for export of this surplus sugar but it is unviable.''
Verma recalled that the Centre had already provided incentive to export 4 million ton of sugar and approved it. ''However, so far about 0.7 million ton has been exported. Despite approvals for 3.3 million ton, sugar is yet to be exported. As the global prices are below Rs 3,300 per ton exports is not attractive option. Therefore, export is a big challenge,'' he noted.
Verma said ISMA will formally make a representation to the Centre and seek its help so that industry can export.
''This apart, the government will be requested to create buffer stock which will reduce the burden of payment of carrying cost to the industry. The government will also have to provide some incentive to convert surplus sugarcane juice to ethanol,'' he added.
Furthermore, the Federation of Cooperative Sugar Factories in Maharashtra, which is a representative body of over 200 units, made a strong case for increasing the import duty further to 40% from present level of 25%.
Federation managing director Sanjay Babar said, ''It is really difficult to absorb the international market rates which are falling day by day. It will certainly impact the balance sheet of the sugar industry in Maharashtra. Factories won't be in a position to fair and remunerative price to cane growers. Federation will soon seek Centre's help to avoid yet another crisis for the sugar sector.''
He demanded that the Centre needs to continue policy of sugar export of 4 million ton by September 2015 which will help industry to produce raw sugar and export it. This in turn will help control sugar surplus stock.
Additionally, the National Federation of Cooperative Sugar Factories also pressed the need for further hiking the import duty to 40%. The government will be requested to allow conversion of juice to ethanol.
Yogesh Pande, founder president of Maharashtra Sugar Brokers Association has also sought the government's intervention to restore sugar prices with restart of release mechanism whereby quantity of sugar made available in open market will be controlled.
 Advertisements

Most Powerful Women in Indian Business 2014stay connected with us on
VIDEOS

Why can t govt come up with best schools at primary level: SCPrint
SC stressed the need for more initiatives by the government to establish quality primary schools.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 6:00 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 6:03 pm
The Supreme Court on Thursday stressed the need for more initiatives by the government to establish quality primary schools to beat the rush in some of the minority-run institutions in the country.
“If the government-run medical colleges are considered as best in the country why can’t the government come up with bestschools at primary level? It is the duty of the government to have more schools,” a bench comprising justices A R Dave and U U Lalit said.
“Government medical colleges have been always preferred. Now we are seeing private colleges because of business purpose,” the bench observed.
The remarks were made while staying the order of the Karnataka High Court directing some minority institutions to admit children under the 25 per quota falling under backward class in accordance with the Right to Education (RTE).
The schools challenged the order saying that aided and unaided minority institutions are outside the purview of RTE. They said the high court asked them to take 26 students for nursery as the school managements did not have the certificate of National Commission for Minorities declaring them minority institutions which they secured during the course of litigation.
The apex court was told that if the high court decision was allowed to stand, it will have far reaching consequences as many of the minority-run educational institutions of past have not secured such certificate.
The bench posted the matter for final hearing for November 10 while asking the Karnataka government and others to complete all the paper works so that there would be continuous hearing in the matter.

Govt may extend excise duty concessions to auto sectorSBI Mutual Fund aims at Rs 90,000 cr AUM mark, top 5 ranking by FY'15
SBI Mutual Fund is eyeing entry in the top-5 club of the domestic mutual fund sector by financial ye...

Sohrabuddin encounter case: DG Vanzara gets bailComments
The Bombay high court on Thursday granted bail to former Gujarat Deputy Inspector General of Police, DG Vanzara in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.
However, the former Indian Police Service officer of Gujarat cadre is not likely to come out of prison immediately, as he is in custody in connection with another criminal case in Gujarat.
Justice Abhay Thipsay granted Vanzara bail on the ground of parity -- primarily in view of the fact that the apex Court hds granted bail to two other senior Indian Police Service (IPS) officers booked in the same case.
Justice Thipsay granted Vanzara bail on a bond of Rs. 2 lakh and one or two sureties of the same amount. By way of condition the judge directed Vanzara to stay in Mumbai and attend the trial court in Mumbai on every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 11 am.
Besides, the court also asked him not to enter the state of Gujarat and surrender his passport, if any.
The judge said he held that a prima facie case is made out against Vanzara, but there was not much difference in the roles played by the two accused bailed out by the Supreme Court and the role purportedly played by the former DIG.
Vanzara  quit the IPS  last year while in jail, alleging the encounter killings were at the orders  of the Narendra Modi government in Gujarat and that they had failed to protect him.
The apex court has granted bail to Rajkumar Pandian, a former police officer, whose bail plea was rejected by the Bombay High Court. According to the Central Bureau of Investigation, Pandian had played a key role in picking up the Sohrabuddin and his wife from Hyderabad before they were killed in the alleged fake encounter.
Sheikh and his wife were allegedly abducted by Gujarat’s Anti-Terrorist Squad from Hyderabad and killed in suspected fake encounters near Gandhinagar in November 2005.

What kind of joke ashish are you talking aboutChief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2363
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12587
Head - Research
2559
India to jump from 134 to 50 in World Bank`s ease of doing biz ranking by 2016 says DIPP Secy. Too good to be true?
Yes

What reputation is the NFL salvagingBy Alexandra Petri September 10 at 9:53 PM Follow @petridishes
How about this instead? (Lionsgate / Murray Close / Associated Press)
I have made a horrible mistake.
I spent years learning how to move a ball down a field. I can maneuver, lightning-quick. I can dodge obstacles. I’m world-class. A master. No one on earth comes close.
But it was the wrong ball. A croquet ball.
If you can throw or catch or punt or otherwise assist down the field a leather spheroid eleven inches across and twenty-two around , you are set for life with what amounts to pretty full diplomatic immunity.
Any other shape or size? You’re on your own.
Now whenever I turn a blind eye to abuses or commit actual crimes — start a small dog-fight, say, or assault someone, or attempt just the tiniest murder — I get arrested and held accountable by law. I lose my job. I face life in prison. No statues of me get green-lit.
The police officers and lawyers are always sadly sympathetic. “It’s an easy mistake to make,” they say. “You learned croquet. If you’d learned football, you’d still be free — and someone would be handing you millions of dollars, right now.”
Picture Ray Rice, synchronized swimmer. Or Michael Vick, ping pong giant. I don’t know what their outcomes would have been, but I feel certain of one thing: They’d be different. And people wouldn’t be coming out of the woodwork to ask asinine things like, “Well, what about provocation?”
You never hear anyone saying, “My God, don’t you know who that man is? He’s on the NATIONAL CHESS TEAM! We’d better cover this triple-homicide up!”
“Wait,” no one says, as they are taken away in handcuffs, “I’m on a traveling BADMINTON team. Think of the PROGRAM!”
Imagine for a moment that you are an alien.
What if I told you that there was a skill you could learn that was so valuable to people in a certain country that it would get you into college, pay your tuition, get a group of people to help push you through college (even helping you cheat on your unrelated classes, if necessary), and make you instantly the hero of any city that chose you for its own? That keeping you in a position to use this skill would be worth millions of dollars, both to you and to large national organizations? That this skill was considered so valuable that you could commit crimes that sent ordinary people to jail for life or for decades, and keep your job, with one or two minor alterations?
“Wow,” you’d say. “That skill must be incredible. It must save lives, or generate energy without friction. It must, at the bare minimum, be cooler than what Aquaman does.”
What if I told you that this skill was moving an egg-shaped piece of leather about 11 inches across and 22 inches around, down a long green field with intermittent spray-painted lines?
“Ha, ha,” you’d say. “This is clearly a hilarious joke. Good on you, carbon-based lifeform!”
Then I would have to break it to you that not only is this real, but that if you have this skill, someone can send the body responsible for employing you a brutal, breath-taking video of you punching your fiancee, and they can still give you nothing more than a two-game suspension.
(At this point, you would probably call us earthlings something unprintable, and I am not sure you’d be wrong.)
Now, after the AP’s report that the NFL received and sat on the video of Ray Rice’s elevator altercation, people are talking about what Commissioner Goodell needs to do to salvage football’s reputation. But I’m sort of confused what we’re salvaging here.
The NFL is supposed to “salvage” its reputation for being a workplace — in 2014 — where some people acted as though, if you were uncomfortable working with gay people , it was their fault, not yours? Where, if you play your cards right, you can get a giant stadium of people to encourage someone to throw a leather thing better by cheering an ethnic slur? Where protecting your image is so valuable that when someone commits an act of violence people actually go on the record saying things about “provocation” and how “ there are many sides to every story “? That reputation?
Salvaging football’s reputation has been the problem all along. “Think of the program” is the kind of thinking that protected Jerry Sandusky far too long. Protect the reputation. Protect the illusion.
This is a pretend-game. Obviously. All sports are pretend-games. Nothing is more deadly serious than things that are ultimately, like football, frivolous. You pretend that things that don’t matter, matter — white lines on turf, a brown leather ball. You pretend that things that do matter — real lives, real people, a woman stunned and groggy in an elevator — don’t.
You have to salvage that reputation, or all you’re left with are people who aren’t heroes or giants or anything to cheer for, just a bunch of guys who happen to have mastery of throwing one specific ball around. Eleven inches across, twenty-two around.
And maybe that skill’s worth something. But it’s not worth this.
Alexandra Petri writes the ComPost blog, offering a lighter take on the news and opinions of the day.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410400427/1410400427000/1410400427 tracking: {authors=Alexandra Petri, blog_name=compost, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=after-ray-rice-whats-worth-salvaging, post_id=8461, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 1:53:47 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 1:53:47 AM

Tata Motors and Microlise team up for fleet telematics in IndiaBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 06:30 PM IST
Tata Motors and Microlise team up for fleet telematics in India
The agreement has been signed for an initial period of five years
Tata Motors, India's largest commercial vehicles manufacturer and Microlise, one of Europe's leading Telematics and Fleet Management solutions providers, today announced their partnership to bring in the latest global Fleet Telematics solutions to the Indian Market.
The agreement, signed for an initial period of five years, envisages both partners utilising their core strengths to deliver Fleet Management services to the Indian transport industry through the Tata Fleetman platform.
While Microlise will provide the technology and solutions, Tata Motors will integrate them in its commercial vehicles and utilise its vast experience and reach for service delivery. The services will be marketed through original equipment fitment as well as through the aftermarket route.
Tata Motors launched the Tata Fleetman Telematics and Fleet Management services brand in India two years ago, in response to growing market needs for better fleet control and greater fleet utilisation.
Ravi Pisharody, Executive Director Commercial Vehicles Business Unit, Tata Motors, said: "We as Tata Motors wish to lead the shift towards electronic control of drivelines and other vehicle systems. We also wish to harness the power and potential of such a digital approach by introducing advanced telematics and fleet management services."
 Advertisements

India-born nurse Jacintha Saldanhas royal hoax inquest opens in UKAn inquest into the apparent suicide of Saldanha heard she had left three notes. (Source: AP photo)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 11, 2014 6:28 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 6:30 pm
An inquest into the death of India-born nurse Jacintha Saldanha, found hanged after she took a hoax call at a hospital here about Kate Middleton’s first pregnancy, opened on Thursday after being delayed by almost a year.
The 46-year-old was found in the nurse’s quarters of the King Edward VII hospital in London days after the prank phone call from two Australian radio presenters posing as Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles.
Saldanha had put the call through to the ward where the Duchess of Cambridge, pregnant with Prince George, was staying and another nurse there had revealed confidential medical details.
Westminster Coroners’ Court is sitting at the Royal Courts of Justice in London for the inquest, which is expected to last two days.
“It has been a long road for the family and I deeply admire the patience, humility and dignity they have shown throughout this traumatic time. It is right that they finally gain closure,” said senior Indian-origin Labour MP Keith Vaz, who is acting as the family’s spokesperson.
The inquest, which has been delayed by almost a year, comes soon after the announcement that Kate is pregnant again and suffering acute morning sickness just as on December 4, 2012, when Saldanha took the prank call. She was found dead on December 7.
“Jacintha’s family were delighted to hear the news…that the Duchess of Cambridge is expecting her second child and want to pass on their heartfelt congratulations to the couple,” Vaz said on behalf of Jacintha’s husband Benedict Barboza and children Junal and Lisha Saldanha.
At the first day of the hearing it emerged that the four further calls were logged from the Australian radio station to the hospital.
The hospital’s barrister said the other calls were made shortly after the hoax but their content was unknown.
Fiona Barton, representing the hospital, told the inquest: “If she [Jacintha Saldanha] answered any of these calls – and there were four of them – then it can only have added to the stress she was under when she realised this was a prank call by a radio station.
It is understood that nine witnesses will give evidence during the inquest and while the two Australian DJs — Michael Christian and Mel Greig — will not be giving evidence, the Austereo Radio Network has submitted evidence to the inquest.
Greig has volunteered to give evidence, on or off the stand.
“We do not know if the calls were in fact answered. If they were answered by Jacintha Saldanha there is an issue as to what was said as that could have further confounded the stress she felt and therefore had an impact on her death sometime after,” Barton said.
She said that if the calls were made in an attempt to obtain consent from the hospital to broadcast the prank continued…

China Stimulus Hopes  Dollar Rise Lift Asia StocksIraq's Tigris River Yields Hundreds of Corpses
BAGHDAD, Oct. 7, 2006
By HISHAM K. ALWAN and SALAM T. JIHAD
A system of iron weirs in the Tigris River 20 miles southeast of Baghdad was designed to prevent lily pads, known here as "Nile flower," from traveling down-river and clogging canals vital to farmers for irrigating Iraq's south.
But now, the weirs also catch corpses that float down from the capital, murder victims in the sectarian violence that blights Iraq.
Local police in the nearby town of Swaira say that since January 2005 they have collected 339 bodies of men, women and children from the filters. It's considered one of the highest numbers of corpses found in a single location in Iraq since the U.S. invasion in 2003.
"Every day, we find bodies in the river," an official at the Swaira police force's crime department told ABC News. "Most of them are of Iraqis living in the bloody areas to the south of Baghdad."
Among the 339 corpses was that of British aid worker Margaret Hassan, abducted in October 2004 in western Baghdad.
Identifying the bodies is no easy task. Many have spent more than 10 days in the water. Some are mutilated or have been eaten by fish. Identifying features such as scars and tattoos, as well as distinctive clothing, are sometimes the only means of verifying their identity. So far, only 91 bodies have been identified by their families.
Once recovered from the river, bodies are photographed at the police station, and if they remain unclaimed after a day, they are sent to the morgue in Baghdad.
Most of the corpses are young people who have been shot and then hacked to pieces, according to the head of the Swaira police force, who asked that his name not be printed.
"Swaira County is in the southern death triangle of Baghdad," the police force head noted.
The Tigris River is not the only place where bodies are found. Others include a sewage treatment plant in the southern Baghdad suburb of al Rustomia, and the Al Maleh canal that irrigates farming country to the west of Baghdad. It's a predominantly Sunni area where many Shiite pilgrims have been killed over the past two years in towns like Latifia, Yousofia and Mahmodia.
Imad Abdullah, 35, had four relatives who worked on farms in the Boaitha area south of Baghdad abducted on May 7. Abdullah found the bodies of his brother and cousin two weeks later at Swaira police station, where they had been taken after being fished out of the river. Another cousin's corpse was at the Baghdad morgue. His other brother is still missing.
Abdullah said he was advised to go to Swaira to look for their bodies.
"It's what many families do when they are looking for missing relatives," he said. "Terrorists dump the bodies in the river to terrify those who live and work along its banks."
Fisherman Mohammed Hussein told ABC News that he used to discover more than 10 bodies a day floating in the Tigris River where it flows by the Baghdad neighborhood of Al Rashdia.
"We used to fetch them out," he said, "but now there are so many we leave them. Otherwise, there would be no time for fishing."
At one point, work was disrupted at a nearby water filtering plant that provides Baghdad with drinking water when two corpses became stuck in the main pipeline.
"It was the most horrifying sight I had seen in my whole life," said Kareem Ali, an employee at the plant. "Flesh and blood mixed with water. I have [seen] dead animals before, but it was the first time I had seen human remains. It was horrible."

Columbia Asia to invest $150 m on expansionUpdated: September 11, 2014 00:16 IST
Columbia Asia to invest $150 m on expansion
Special Correspondent
company information
Columbia Asia, pursuing a strategy to create clusters of hospitals in large urban areas, on Wednesday, said it planned to invest $150 million to expand its network to 34 hospitals and one clinic by 2018.
It now has more than 8,000 employees serving over two million patients a year in 26 hospitals and a clinic in Malaysia, India, Indonesia and Vietnam, a release from the company said.
Over the next four years, Columbia Asia proposes to open eight hospitals — three each in Malaysia and India and two in Indonesia. It had opened four hospitals over the last few months — at Bangalore and Ahmedabad in India and at Jakarta and Semarang in Indonesia.
“No other healthcare provider in Asia has hospitals in as many countries operating under a single brand,” said John Northen, CEO of the Columbia Asia group of companies.

Gujarat sees 35% dip in investment proposals during 3-yr-periodSBI Mutual Fund aims at Rs 90,000 cr AUM mark, top 5 ranking by FY'15
SBI Mutual Fund is eyeing entry in the top-5 club of the domestic mutual fund sector by financial ye...

With iPhone 6 and Watch  Apple Inc hopes secret sauce can reshape marketsSBI Mutual Fund aims at Rs 90,000 cr AUM mark, top 5 ranking by FY'15
SBI Mutual Fund is eyeing entry in the top-5 club of the domestic mutual fund sector by financial ye...

Sheila Dikshit backs BJP s bid to form government in Delhi  Congress  shockedSheila Dikshit backs BJP's bid to form Delhi govt, Cong 'shocked'
PTI  New Delhi, September 11, 2014
First Published: 17:51 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:55 IST(11/9/2014)
Comments
BJP on Thursday received backing from an unexpected quarter with former chief minister Sheila Dikshit saying the party should be given an opportunity to form government as it will be good for the people of Delhi, remarks from which the Congress quickly distanced itself.
"In a democracy, elected governments are always good as they represent the people. If BJP has reached such a situation that it can form government, it is good for Delhi," Dikshit, a three-time Chief Minister of Delhi, said here.
The statement by Dikshit, who recently resigned as Governor of Kerala leading to speculation about her return to active politics, has come at a time when AAP and Congress have been accusing BJP of trying to poach MLAs to form government in Delhi.
The 76-year-old leader, who had led Congress to spectacular victories in assembly polls in Delhi in 1998, 2003 and 2009, said that MLAs, whether they are from Congress, AAP or others, do not want election.
Watch: Sheila Dikshit backs BJP
"As far as I could understand, every MLA, whether he is from Congress or AAP or others, doesn't want election. People are saying that the MLAs have just been elected and their membership has not crossed even one year. As far as I can understand and people are telling me that they (MLAs) want government to be formed." She also said that it is not clear yet how the government will be formed.
"It is yet to be seen how government is formed and what challenges will be there for a minority government. And, can they (BJP)cross this and not..it is up to them (BJP)," Dikshit said.
Dikshit, under whose leadership Congress had suffered a severe drubbing in the assembly polls in Delhi in December last year, also added, "In the absence of elected government, people don't know where they should go. And their voice is heard nowhere.
"If people's voice is heard and then it is good. If they (BJP) form government, they will have to prove majority on the floor of house...so let the government form and then decision would take place."
However, Delhi Congress immediately distanced itself from Dikshit's "shocking" statement, saying it is her personal view and doesn't represent party's stand.
"We are shocked by Sheila Dikshit's statement on government formation. It is her personal views and Congress has nothing to do with it. Our stand is very clear from day one that Congress would not let the BJP form government in the national capital," Delhi Congress' chief spokesperson Mukesh Sharma said.
Delhi BJP, however, praised Dikshit for her "straightforward" statement over current political deadlock in the national capital while the Aam Aadmi Party said that it was not surprised as "there is hardly any difference between BJP and Congress".
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said, "She (Dikshit) is a very senior leader and ran government in Delhi for 15 years. She has experience to run government and knows constitutional norms very well.
"I praise her for her straightforward statement. She has given this statement carefully. It is not about whether a government will be formed or not, but how you are behaving in politics."
Reacting strongly to Dikshit's comment, Aam Aadmi Party senior leader Ashutosh Srivastava said, "I am not surprised by Sheila Dikshit's statement because we have been saying for a long time that there is good understanding between the BJP and the Congress... and there is hardly any difference between BJP and Congress."
The AAP leader alleged that Dikshit was giving such statement as she knows that if AAP comes to power, investigation against her in Delhi will be speeded up.
"The another reason behind her statement is that there are three FIRs against Sheila Dikshit. And if Aam Aadmi Party forms government, the investigation will be speed up.
"Then, Sheila Dikshit will have no other option but to go to jail. She is desperate to avoid going to jail and she doesn't want investigation to happen and that's why, Congress and BJP are coming together," Ashutosh  said.

It might sustain n move on as there was good accumulation happened bet...Silver Member
5 Followers
It might sustain n move on as there was good accumulation happened between 75 to 85 levels. .. daily delivery volume was more than 80% ....With low float it`s not easy to acquire. ...
about 1 hr 25 min 43 sec ago  | Track

Regulators Reject Call for Nuke Plant ShutdownThe final season of "Sons of Anarchy" picked up the vengeful saga of Jax Teller, played by actor Charlie Hunnam, in...
Prashant Gupta/FX

Everything you need to know about the Apple WatchApple Watch will be available in early 2015 starting at $349
Tech Desk | Posted: September 10, 2014 5:21 pm | Updated: September 10, 2014 5:30 pm
The “One More Thing” that Apple Ceo Tim Cook wanted to show us turned out to be a smart watch afterall. And Apple has managed to invoke interest in its version of the smartwatch, even as we are being bombarded by similar devices almost on a weekly basis.
The Apple Watch is different, primarily because it brings back to life the crown or the winder on traditional watches by making it the tool to interact with for scroll, zoom and navigate. It also serves as the Home button and a convenient way to access Siri. Apple is calling this Digital Crown the biggest Apple navigation innovation since the iPod Click Wheel and iPhone Multi-Touch, but only time will tell how effective users find it.
Actually there will be not one, but three Apple watches, an Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport and Apple Watch Edition available in 38 mm and 42 mm sizes. It actually looks like a watch and are crafted from custom alloys of polished or space black stainless steel, space gray or silver anodized aluminum and 18-karat rose or yellow gold. There ae multiple strap options too, based on the way you want to use your device. One unique feature is the charging system, something which has stumped a lot of smartwatch manufacturers. The Apple Watch comes with Apple’s MagSafe inductive charging technology which snaps the device into place on a charger.
Plus, on the watch, iOS has been tweaked specifically for a smaller device and to be controlled by the Digital Crown. For instance, the device features The Force Touch, which can sense the difference between a tap and a press to access controls within apps.
The Apple Watch also banks on Taptic Engine and a built-in speaker to together enable new alerts and notifications which you can both hear and feel. The Watch features Wi-Fi 802.11b/g and Bluetooth 4.0 to pair seamlessly with your iPhone.
The watch features Smart Replies and dictation to respond quickly to messages as well as a Handoff feature that lets you start a message on the Watch and continue on the iPhone. Swipe up on the watchface shows information like current location, stocks or appointments. The side button brings up Friends, while Digital Touch lets you send a sketch, a gentle tap, an audio message or even your own heartbeat.
Above this is the Apple Pay feature which lets you pay usign the watch.  As with most wearable devices these days, the Apple Watch too comes with an activity app that uses the accelerometer, a built-in heart rate sensor, GPS and Wi-Fi from your iPhone to provide a comprehensive picture of your daily activity.
Apple Watch will be available in early 2015 starting at $349. It is compatible with iPhone 5, iPhone 5c, continued…

Bribery allegations link Alstom to Singapore and Hong Kong based companiesAnusha Soni |  New Delhi Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 06:34 PM IST
Bribery allegations link Alstom to Singapore and Hong Kong based companies
Alstom is accused of paying bribes to Indian public officials to secure Delhi metro contracts
The two companies allegedly used by French company Alstom as route to pay kickbacks to win signaling contract for phase 1 & 2 of Delhi Metro are registered in Singapore and Hong Kong.
One of the consultancy firms called Indo European Ventures Pte Ltd is registered in Singapore with the registration number 200103295H and identifies its address as 100, Sultan Plaza, Jalan Sultan in Singapore according to information available on the government of Singapore website. Though the ownership details are not available, the government website mentions the company as complaint with its annual filing procedures. The company does not have an active website neither any contact details could be obtained.
The other firm called Global King Technology Ltd is registered in Hong Kong since March 2001 is a private local company under the identification number 751430, according to a non-government company information aggregator online.
Both these companies have no Indian subsidiaries according to the Ministry of Corporate Affairs website. An email sent to E. Sreedharan, who was the Managing Director of Delhi Metro when these controversial payments were alleged to have been made remained unanswered.
Britain's Serious Fraud Office which has been investigating Alstom for five years as part of international criminal inquiry into alleged corruption argued that Alstom disguised corrupt payments as consultancy agreements. Alstom allegedly paid Rs 52 crore over the period of six years to win transport contracts in India, Poland and Tunisia.
Alstom was awarded with Rs 255 crore signaling contract for Delhi Metro. Alstom also supplied Converters, Inverters & Control Box, Static Inverters as per Mitsubishi Electric Corp (MELCO) design to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC).
Other than Delhi Metro, the company has also bagged contract to provide rolling stock to Chennai metro which includes 168 cars and 16 additional metro cars. Apart from rolling stock the company has also secured a contract for design and construction of track work in viaduct, tunnel, underground and depot for corridors I & II for Chennai metro, according to its own website. It also has a contract from Bangalore metro for its signaling work.
Alstom did not reply to the email sent by Business Standard. DMRC officials confirmed that there is currently no official communication received and no internal inquiry was underway.
The French company is present in India since 1911 and has projects across sectors like transport, power, energy etc. The company has been investigated in the last five years in France, Switzerland, Brazil and the U.S. It was fined for over 262 crores ($43.8 million) in 2011 by the Swiss Attorney General's office over bribes paid in Latvia, Malaysia and Tunisia. The French inquiry was closed in 2009, according to a Bloomberg report.
Ongoing metro Projects for Alstom in India
* Contract for Chennai metro rolling stock, rail infrastructure worth Rs 2,430 crore
* Signalling system for Bangalore metro rail project worth Rs 563.4 crore
 Advertisements

KKR suffer another injury blow as Morne Morkel ruled out of CLT20Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 6:36 pm
Kolkata Knight Riders suffered another injury blow before the start of the Champions League Twenty20 season with South African medium-pacer Morne Morkel becoming the third overseas player to be ruled out of the competition due to a shoulder injury.
Earlier, Australian batsman Chris Lynn was ruled out post a shoulder surgery, while Bangladesh all-rounder Shakib Al Hasan had his No Objection Certificate (NOC) cancelled by the Bangladesh Cricket Board because of disciplinary issues.
KKR Team Manager Joy Bhattacharya on Thursday confirmed that wicketkeeper-batsman Manvinder Bisla, who was part of the 15-day training and fitness camp to Bloemfontein with Yusuf Pathan, Piyush Chawla and Kuldeep Yadav, will take Morkel’s place in the 15-member squad.
Morkel, who was bought by KKR for Rupees 28,000,000 at the 2014 player auction, bagged 12 wickets in 12 matches at an average of 30.58 and economy of 7.64.
KKR are now left with five overseas signings with Jacques Kallis, Sunil Narine, Ryan ten Doeschate, Andre Russell and Pat Cummins raring to go in the sixth edition of the CLT20, starting Saturday.

JDS Uniphase  Lululemon among biggest premarket movers90
"The one thing the market is concerned about is when interest rates are going to rise, but with the weak jobs data, the Fed has cover to push that back until next year."
The Dow Jones industrial average was falling 64.66 points, or 0.38 percent, to 17,004.05, the S&P 500 was losing 5.46 points, or 0.27 percent, to 1,990.23 and the Nasdaq Composite was dropping 16.80 points, or 0.37 percent, to 4,569.72.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Taminco Corp, rising 11.66 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Brady Corp, down 10.42 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Bank of America, up 1.47 percent to $16.60; AK Steel Holding, up 2.97 percent to $9.35 and Sprint Corp, up 4.55 percent to $6.43.
On the Nasdaq, Apple Inc, down 1.1 percent to $99.88, JDS Uniphase, up 11.4 percent to $13.48, and Lululemon Athletica, up 17.0 percent to $44.93, were among the most actively traded.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,718 to 1,188, for a 1.45-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,533 issues were falling and 1,014 advancing for a 1.51-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

60% family businesses struggling to find external finance: KPMGSBI Mutual Fund aims at Rs 90,000 cr AUM mark, top 5 ranking by FY'15
SBI Mutual Fund is eyeing entry in the top-5 club of the domestic mutual fund sector by financial ye...

Guj HC strikes down a section in RBI s wilful defaulter circularBS Reporter |  Ahmedabad Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 02:38 PM IST
Guj HC strikes down a section in RBI's wilful defaulter circular
The Gujarat High court has held that in case company defaults on a loan payment, not all of its directors can be declared as 'wilful defaulters' and be deprived of facilities of finance or restricted from floating new ventures
The Gujarat High court has held that in case company defaults on a loan payment, not all of its directors can be declared as 'wilful defaulters' and be deprived of facilities of finance or restricted from floating new ventures.
The court has declared a section relating to this restriction in the master circular of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) as unconstitutional and set it aside.
A division bench of Justice Akil Kureshi and Justice J B Pardiwala has declared as unconstitutional the provision in RBI's master circular date July 2, 2012, prohibiting additional loan facilities for all directors of the company in case the company is declared as 'wilful defaulter'.
According to RBI circular financial institutions (FI) and other banks are prohibited from offering loans to promoters and directors of the company that has wilfully defaulted.
"The Master Circular, so far as it is sought to be made applicable to all the directors of the company, is arbitrary and unreasonable. To this limited extent, we declare that part of the Master Circular as ultra vires the powers of the Reserve Bank of India and is violative of Article 19(1)(g) of the Constitution of India," the court said its recent order.
"The Master Circular seeks to paint all the directors with the same brush. The provisions in the circular shatter the concept of identity of a company being different and distinct from its directors without providing any safeguards," it further observed. However, the court clarified that these observations will not be applicable to promoters of the company.
The court has clearly stated that said that RBI's Master Circular does not impose an unreasonable restriction upon promoters and entrepreneurs (wilful defaulters) by blocking facilities to them for five years.
The court was hearing the case of one proprietor firm Iconic Metalliks and its directors who had approached the High Court after receiving showcause notice from Punjab National Bank last year. The company had defaulted on a loan with total outstanding of Rs 10.27 crore and hence their loan account was declared non-performing asset (NPA).
The bank had issued notices to the promoters and its directors asking them to reply why they should not be declared wilful defaulters. The company and its directors had challenged this showcause notice by the bank citing the RBI notification of July 2012 in the high court terming it as illegal and unconstitutional.
 Advertisements

Bond movie Super Villain  Jaws  dies at 74Bond movie Super Villain 'Jaws' dies at 74
AFP  Los Angeles, September 11, 2014
First Published: 10:15 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:49 IST(11/9/2014)
Comments
Richard Kiel, who played the towering, steel-toothed baddie Jaws in two James Bond movies, died on Wednesday aged 74, a hospital spokeswoman said.
This undated publicity photo provided by United Artists and Danjaq, LLC shows Richard Kiel, right, as Jaws and Roger Moore, as James Bond, fighting in the 1977 film, The Spy Who Loved Me. Those teeth could do some serious damage. The film is included in the MGM and 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment Blu-Ray "Bond 50" anniversary set. (AP Photo/United Artists and Danjaq, LLC)
The 7-foot-2 inch (2.18-meter) actor, who made a career playing giants and villains, passed away in the Saint Agnes Medical Center in Fresno, spokeswoman Kelley Sanchez said. He would have been 75 on Saturday.
Besides Jaws, Kiel's appeared opposite Adam Sandler in the 1996 comedy Happy Gilmore and he also voiced Vlad in Disney's Oscar-nominated animated film Tangled. But he hit the bigtime with his 007 performances: Kiel was an immediate hit with filmgoers in The Spy Who Loved Me (1977) fighting 007 star Roger Moore, and returned two years later in Moonraker. "I had convinced the producer that Jaws should have some characteristics that were human to counteract the steel teeth," he said, cited by the Hollywood Reporter in a 2009 interview.
"I guess I overdid it -- I became too likable to kill off!" On the small screen Kiel played an alien in The Twilight Zone in 1959 and appeared in horror TV series Kolchak: The Night Stalker in the 1970s.
Born in Detroit, Kiel -- who had worked as a nightclub bouncer and cemetery plot salesman before getting into show business -- also appeared in TV shows including The Man from U.N.C.L.E. and The Wild Wild West.
Other big-screen credits included playing a hitman alongside Gene Wilder and Richard Pryor in 1976 comedy Silver Streak, as well as The Longest Yard (1974) with Burt Reynolds.
In 1978 he appeared in Force 10 From Navarone and in 1985 he worked with Clint Eastwood on Pale Rider. He also took a turn behind the camera, co-writing and producing the 1991 family movie The Giant of Thunder Mountain, in which he also starred. 
He reprised his Jaws character in 1999 action adventure movie Inspector Gadget with Matthew Broderick.  In 2002 he published his autobiography, appropriately called Making it Big in the Movies.
The TMZ celebrity news website, which first reported his death, said Kiel had been in hospital in Fresno since breaking his leg last week. The hospital spokeswoman could not confirm the detail.
While Jaws defined his career, Kiel said he did not consider it his greatest achievement, according to Entertainment Weekly. "My best part would probably be Captain Drazak in 'Force 10 from Navarone.' A lot of people don't even know it's me because I had a big beard and a great costume," it quoted him as saying. "As Jaws, I start off as a bad guy and turn into a good guy whereas in this I appear to be a good guy and turn into a really nasty guy.

TVS expects break even of its Indonesian arm in FY15Sep 11, 2014, 07.04 PM IST  | Source: PTI
TVS expects break even of its Indonesian arm in FY15
During 2013-14, PT TVS sold 19,200 vehicles registering a growth of 3 percent as against 18,600 vehicles sold in the earlier year. While its domestic sales grew by 12 percent, the exports were down 3 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TVS expects break even of its Indonesian arm in FY15
During 2013-14, PT TVS sold 19,200 vehicles registering a growth of 3 percent as against 18,600 vehicles sold in the earlier year. While its domestic sales grew by 12 percent, the exports were down 3 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Leading two-wheeler maker TVS Motor Company  expects to make operations of its Indonesian subsidiary, PT TVS Motor, profitable during the current fiscal, a senior executive of the company said today.
J S Srinivasan, Vice President (Sales), TVS Motors, said the company would take a call on the expansion of its manufacturing plants during the current year as the capacity utilisation of the plants has reached 90 percent.
"It (Indonesian subsidiary) is doing well. This year there has been an improvement in sales. It is just 3-4 years we are there. So I think this year we should be able to make some good growth over there. I think operational profits we should be able to do this year," Srinivasan told PTI.
During 2013-14, PT TVS sold 19,200 vehicles registering a growth of 3 percent as against 18,600 vehicles sold in the earlier year. While its domestic sales grew by 12 percent, the exports were down 3 percent.
During the year, PT TVS exported 10,300 two wheelers, according to TVS annual report.
During the period, PT TVS successfully made an entry into Myanmar market and plans to expand its presence in new markets like Laos, Cambodia, Malaysia and Turkey.
Srinivasan said currently the manufacturing capacity of all the three plants of TVS Motors put together is at 2.8 million vehicles annually with 85 to 90 per cent capacity
utilisation. "As far as expansion is concerned, the company will take a call on how it should be expanded. If everything goes well, as far as by the end of this fiscal we should take a decision as far as capacity is concerned. The expansion would be in the existing plants only", he said.
Srinivasan said currently exports of two wheelers from TVS stood at 3.5 to 4 lakh units per annum to around 55 countries of which majority constitutes Asian and African nations.
He said the exports witnessed a growth of 30 per cent during the first five months of the current year and expects similar trend for the rest of the year.
The automaker today launched its 'Scooty Zest 110' two wheeler in Telangana and Andhra Pradesh markets.
TVS Motor stock price
On September 11, 2014, TVS Motor Company closed at Rs 229.60, up Rs 4.20, or 1.86 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 242.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 30.45.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 5.94 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 38.65. The latest book value of the company is Rs 29.79 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 7.71.
RELATED NEWS

A large MNC finds it hard to stay put in TelanganaB Dasararth Reddy |  Hyderabad Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 06:44 PM IST
A large MNC finds it hard to stay put in Telangana
In his recent visit to Singapore, chief minister K Chandra Sekhara Rao had  spoken about making Telangana as a graft-free state besides promising the best industrial policy to attract the investments from all over the world.
In his recent visit to Singapore, chief minister K Chandra Sekhara Rao had spoken about making Telangana as a graft-free state besides promising the best industrial policy to attract the investments from all over the world.
Back home, the situation seems quite contrary if not deteriorating, on the very same front as the local representatives of the global FMCG major, Proctor & Gamble, on Wednesday sought the intervention of the chief minister's office after failing to overcome multiple hurdles created against a manufacturing plant being set up on the outskirts of the state capital.
The company had acquired 175 acres of land way back in 2012 in Kottur in the neighboring Mahabubnagar district to set up Asia's biggest manufacturing facility, with a capacity that will exceed that of all its existing plants in India put together, at an investment of $ 800 million.
The idea was to create a manufacturing hub for several of its products in Hyderabad to cater to the entire South India market and beyond as the city is located at the center of all the major markets in the region.
After having invested around $150 million to make the fist phase of the project ready at the location, the company has scaled down its power demand to 2 mw from the originally envisaged 10 mw requirement following the hardships it had to face at the hands of various government agencies, according to the sources in the know.
Consider this: The state government's legal metrology department had seized the weighing equipment that the company had brought from overseas to install in the plant, on some technical grounds, and kept it under seizure for the past 45 days. It had even slapped criminal cases against the company besides demanding heavy penalties for the unknown violations.
The company had laid an approach road at its own cost to connect the plant site with the nearest road even though the government agencies were obligated to create such a facility for the plant under the existing industrial policy.
On the contrary, the government's roads and buildings (R&B) department had slapped a demand notice for Rs 60 lakh on the company just to allow the approach road to be connected to the road under its management for the simple reason that it is going to create an additional traffic.
It does not end here. A local mandal revenue officer(MRO) initiates legal proceedings against the company after having found that 5-6 guntas of government assigned land(40 guntas will make 1 acre of land) was part of the piece of land on which the company had built the approach road. The official does not relent even after the company had come forward to pay compensation to the government towards this error. An officer above him, who is called revenue divisional officer(RDO), issues yet another notice to the company on the grounds that some one living in Nizamabad district had claimed that one of his ancestors had tenancy rights over the land that is currently in possession of P&G.
The officials heading the Hyderabad plant have met the chief minister's principal secretary S Narsing Rao and told him that they could employ just 150 people at the plant which was to provide 1,500 direct and over 4,000 indirect jobs to people by now if these hurdles had not come in their way, according to sources. Incidentally P&G was the only manufacturing company which had promised to provide 80 per cent jobs to locals in the undivided AP.
They also informed him that in several instances the real reason behind the harassment being meted out to them in the name of this and that rule was the demand for personal favours including bribe.
However, neither the company officials nor the chief minister's principal secretary responded to queries on this development by the time of going to press.
When contacted to know the reasons for seizing the company equipment, S Gopal Reddy, controller, Legal Metrology, said it was a closed chapter. " There could be cases if there are violations. Any way, I can not tell off hand as to what were those reasons, over phone. You better approach the local inspector," he told Business Standard in somewhat a harsher tone. Reddy, who is a senior IPS officer of Jammu and Kashmir cadre, had recently came here on deputation as he hails from Telangana.
 Advertisements

1 march  11 sentences for Myanmar rights activistIn this photo taken on Aug. 4, 2014, activist Htin Kyaw, right, shouts as he leaves a district court along with his lawyer Robert San Aung, left, after his trial in Yangon, Myanmar. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Yangon | Posted: September 11, 2014 6:39 pm
By marching through the traffic-choked streets of Myanmar’s busiest city, handing out leaflets that lambasted the new nominally civilian government, Htin Kyaw showed how much the country has changed since emerging from military rule. With charges filed in all townships he wound through as he made his way to city hall, he has become a symbol, too, of how has much stayed the same.
The rights activist was found guilty Thursday of disturbing public order — the 11th sentence he has faced from that days-long march through Yangon in late April and early May.
Township court by township court, his sentence has grown. He is now slated to spend the next 12 years and four months behind bars, according to his wife, Than Than Maw.
“The relentless efforts of the Myanmar authorities to silence a critical voice must end immediately,” said Rupert Abbott of rights group Amnesty International. “The charges … are farcical. He has done nothing but express his opinions.”
Myanmar has been grappling with political reforms since 2011, when the repressive junta ceded power to a government headed by President Thein Sein. It released thousands of political prisoners and eased media restrictions, but once again is prosecuting people for expressing themselves or peacefully protesting.
Most have been charged under a law that bars protests without a permit, or another that prohibits spreading statements that cause alarm or inflame others to act against the state.
Scores of human rights defenders and activists have faced multiple trials on the same charges.
The minister of information defended that Thursday.
“Like other democracy countries, Myanmar township courts are responsible for their concerned townships,” Ye Htut said. “If a person broke the law in different townships, courts have to take different decisions on each case.”
Kyaw, currently being held in notorious Insein prison, is no stranger to jail time.
In 2007, when the country was still under dictatorship, he received a few months for staging a demonstration against the military regime over the country’s dire economy and commodity hikes.
In late 2013, during the trumpeted period of reform, he was sentenced to 33 months for holding other peaceful protests. He benefited then from Thein Sein’s amnesty order, which released him and dozens of other political prisoners in December.
Htin Kyaw continued to stage protests on land rights issues, and called for justice after a crackdown on a copper-mine protest left several Buddhist monks injured.
He’s been in jail, this time around, since May 5, when he was arrested for his long demonstration through Yangon’s streets, calling on continued…

Blade Runner  not guilty of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp s murder'Negligent' Pistorius found not guilty of murdering girlfriend
AFP
print
"Blade Runner" Oscar Pistorius was found not guilty of murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp Thursday, a shock decision that left the South African celebrity athlete sobbing with emotion in the dock.
The high-profile trial was adjourned until Friday when the 27-year-old Paralympian will hear whether he has been found guilty of culpable homicide, a lesser charge roughly equivalent to manslaughter.
"The state clearly has not proved beyond reasonable doubt that the accused is guilty of premeditated murder," Judge Thokozile Masipa told the high court in Pretoria.
South African paralympian athlete Oscar Pistorius weeps in the dock during his trial. (AFP Photo)
"Viewed in its totality the evidence failed to establish that the accused had the requisite intention to kill the deceased let alone with premeditation," she said.
The double amputee could still face anything from a suspended sentence to a lengthy prison stretch if found guilty of culpable homicide. Or he could be acquitted altogether.
Masipa's introductory comments on the lesser count appeared to lean towards a guilty ruling. "I am of the view that the accused acted too hastily and used excessive force. In the circumstances, it is clear that his conduct was negligent," she said before adjourning the trial.
When he heard the judge clear him of murder, the Paralympian sprinter sat in the dock bowed and burying his head in his hands. His sister Aimee rushed from the first row of the public gallery to hug her older brother, who was wiping tears from his eyes with a handkerchief.
The victim's parents, Barry and June Steenkamp, left the courtroom with stony faces.
When asked if this is good news for Pistorius, his Aunt Lois replied, "It's not the end you know, we're still listening." Legal experts voiced shock after he was found not guilty of murder, and predicted the case that has gripped South Africans for a year would not rest with the verdict.
'Evasive'
Both defence and prosecution agree that Pistorius killed Steenkamp a law graduate and fashion model, when he fired four shots through a locked toilet door in his upmarket Pretoria home.
But the sprinter says he thought he was shooting at an intruder while Steenkamp was safely in bed. The prosecution says he killed her in a fit of rage after an argument.
Judge Masipa moved quickly through her judgement, rejecting state evidence that pointed to an argument between the couple.
Read: Oscar Pistorius - from Blade Runner to Blade Gunner
"Neither the evidence of the loving relationship or a relationship turned sour can assist this court to determine whether the accused had the requisite intention to kill the deceased," she said.
The judge also reviewed evidence by neighbours who testified to hearing shots and screams, saying many "had their facts wrong". She said the huge media coverage of the case could have affected some witnesses.
"I am of the view that they failed to separate what they knew personally or what they heard from other people or what they gathered from the media," she said.
But Masipa also said Pistorius himself was "evasive" on the stand, and that his evidence showed "a number of defences, or apparent defences".
"The accused was a very poor witness," she said.
'Reality show'
The verdict is the climax of a six-month murder trial that has cast a harsh spotlight on the fallen hero's private life.
Full of high drama, the trial has fed intense media interest worldwide, with live broadcasts veering into the realm of TV reality.
During proceedings Pistorius has broken down, weeping and at times vomiting as he heard how the 29-year-old blonde's head "exploded" like a watermelon under the impact of his hollow-point bullets.
Video: Judge declares Pistorius not guilty of murdering girlfriend
Thursday's verdict, also broadcast live to audiences worldwide, is unlikely to be the end of the case.
There will be more courtroom arguments before a sentence is handed down and, most likely, an appeal to a higher court. "I'm shocked," Martin Hood, a Johannesburg-based criminal lawyer, said of Masipa's initial rulings.
"I think she's going to get quite a lot of criticism from the judiciary and the legal system."
"The consensus among the legal community was that he is guilty of murder. This could really open the door to systematic abuse of our legal system by people who shoot their partners and claim self-defence."
Whatever happens, Pistorius's glittering sporting career is likely to be over. Once a poster boy for disabled sport, he has been stripped of lucrative endorsement deals by global brands and has withdrawn from all competition.

Stocks: 4 things to know before the openStocks: 4 things to know before the open
By Alanna Petroff  @AlannaPetroff July 1, 2014: 8:37 AM ET
Click on chart to track premarkets
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Risks of a correction may be on the rise but markets seem ready to welcome in July with a smile.
U.S. stock futures were pointing up and most major global indexes were rising.
Here are the four things you need to know before the opening bell rings in New York:
1. Stock market movers -- Netflix, BNP Paribas: It's worth keeping an eye on Netflix ( NFLX , Tech30 ). Premarket data shows the stock up by nearly 4% after a Goldman Sachs upgrade.
Shares in French bank BNP Paribas ( BNPQY ) were enjoying a relief rally, rising by about 3.7% in Paris. It pleaded guilty to U.S. charges of sanctions busting Monday and agreed to pay a record fine of nearly $9 billion . Some investors were bracing for even harsher punishment. The shares have lost almost 10% so far this year.
Related: 4 signs the stock market is overheating
2. Economic indicators to watch: The U.S. government will report on the health of the construction industry in May at 10 a.m. ET. At the same time, the Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index for June will be posted. In the afternoon, the Commerce Department will report data on vehicle sales from June.
3. International markets looking perky: European markets were all rising in early trading. The benchmark FTSE 100 in London was leading the pack with a gain of 0.6%. Most major Asian markets ended in positive territory, after China's official survey of manufacturing activity hit its highest level since December. The Nikkei in Japan was a standout performer, closing with a 1.1% gain.
Hong Kong markets were closed Tuesday for a public holiday, the 17th anniversary of the territory's handover from British to Chinese rule. Thousands of protesters were marching to the city's main business district to protest against Beijing's moves to assert greater political control.
Prices for oil and gold were rising, though the gains were small.
Related: Fear & Greed Index still extremely greedy
4. Monday market recap: U.S. stocks ended the day mixed Monday. The Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 lost some ground, but the Nasdaq landed safely in the green.
Despite Monday's mixed performance, U.S. stocks have enjoyed a solid first half of 2014. The S&P 500 has logged 22 record highs this year alone, ending the first half up 6%.
First Published: July 1, 2014: 5:17 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Jeff Flake  Martin Heinrich head to a deserted islandBy Ed O'Keefe September 11 at 10:42 AM Follow @edatpost
(Courtesy: Discovery Channel)
This post has been updated.
Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) has made another visit to a deserted island in the Pacific Ocean. But this time, he brought along a Democrat.
Flake and Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-N.M.) visited the tiny island of Eru, part of the Marshall Islands. This is Flake’s third visit to a small remote Pacific Ocean island.
But in a twist, Flake and Heinrich were accompanied by a crew from the Discovery Channel. Flake says the network, known for its adventure and outdoor programming, is preparing to air a television special that will air Oct. 29.
“Our first thought was just to go and take a few Go-Pro cameras and film it and document it or hand it over to someone,” Flake said in an interview Thursday morning with The Washington Post. “We wanted to show that Republicans and Democrats can get along and survive together. Then we approached Discovery because they have a number of survivor shows and they said, well, we like the idea but how about you let us come film it?
“Whoever is going to lead the Senate going forward is going to do so with a very slim margin,” Flake added. “The parties are going to need to work together, so we wanted to get this out before the election, now’s a good time to show it.”
Heinrich wasn’t immediately available for comment. A spokeswoman in his office referred questions about the trip to the Discovery Channel, saying that the senator’s office wouldn’t be handling inquiries because it was a personal trip.
The August trip marks the third known trip taken to the region by Flake. He took a similar trip during the Memorial Day weekend last year with his two sons to Biggarenn, an unoccupied island that Flake estimated was just 55 to 70 acres in size. Flake and his sons, Tanner and Dallin, filmed the experience on a Go-Pro camera.
When he took his trip five years ago, Flake set up camp on Jabonwod, an island just a third of a mile long and 100 yards wide at high tide. He carried just a few items: A mask, fins and a pole-spear, a manual desalination pump, a magnifying glass to help start fires with the sun, a hammock for sleeping, a knife, hatchet, sunscreen, cooking pot, salt and pepper -- and a satellite phone, just in case.
Discovery Channel says the journey will air as a one-episode series, “Rival Survival” on Oct. 29 at 10 p.m. ET. As the network describes it, the “senatorial adversaries” are turned into “survival teammates” and have to work together “as they attempt to spear fish, build shelter and find enough water to survive for one week. There is no natural source for fresh water on Eru, and what lives in the ocean will be their major food source. This unusual pairing will leave behind the daily life of congressional staff, Senate hearings and committee meetings to navigate the rigors of surviving on an isolated island with no contact with the outside world to call upon for help.”
Ed O’Keefe is a congressional reporter with The Washington Post and covered the 2008 and 2012 presidential and congressional elections.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410446521/1410446521000/1410446521 tracking: {authors=Ed O'Keefe, blog_name=post-politics, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=jeff-flake-martin-heinrich-head-to-a-deserted-island, post_id=97576, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 2:42:01 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 2:42:01 PM

Vistara may take some more months to get off the groundVistara may take some more months to get off the ground
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 10, 2014
First Published: 19:32 IST(10/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:14 IST(11/9/2014)
Comments
The launch of the much-awaited Vistara, the joint venture airline from the Tata Group and Singapore Airlines, is likely to get delayed by a couple of months beyond its October deadline due to regulatory approvals.
The proposed carrier would have to complete various formalities before aviation regulator, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), gives it the flying licence, officials said.
Among the formalities, the plane would have to be painted in Vistara colours. It would then have to carry out a number of scheduled flights before the DGCA grants it clearance to launch services, officials said.
The full-service carrier would also have to prepare the flight, operations and engineering manuals and get them approved by the regulator, officials said, adding that all this would take at least a couple of months.
"Vistara is working very closely with the regulators to ensure all requisite requirements and processes are being complied with," a spokesperson of the airline said.
Vistara CEO Phee Teik Yeoh had said in August that "We are in the last lap of the process of securing the scheduled operators permit (SOP). There are a series of approvals which we have to get to the satisfaction of DGCA."
Vistara is a 51:49 joint venture between Tata Sons and Singapore Airlines and the two stakeholders have put in a total investment of $100 million.

J-K floods: Anger grows as police collect floating bodiesComments
Rescue teams struggled on Thursday to reach thousands of people still marooned in Kashmir a week after the state’s worst flooding in 60 years as anger mounted over what people described as the collapse of the civil administration in Srinagar.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) deployed rescue boats in Rajbagh, one of the worst-affected areas in downtown Srinagar, while residents used makeshift rafts to evacuate people from other submerged areas in the state where about 400,000 people remain stranded after the devastating floods.
The ferocity of the deluge that has left more than 200 people dead appeared to have taken the state administration by surprise.
No local authorities, civil or police, were on the ground in Srinagar as people jostled for boats and those rescued from flooded homes in a dehydrated condition desperately looked for transport, medicines, food and shelter.
"Our ministers were busy evacuating their own people and VIPs in the first few days of the floods and disappeared thereafter. Have you seen Jammu and Kashmir politicians and policemen anywhere?” said Mohammad Hassan Wani, a local resident helping with relief after rescue operations.
“All top officials of the administration trapped in floods were airlifted, so were international tourists from Dal Lake. They had their own priority list."
Read: One lakh people rescued, four lakh more await help: 50 pics of devastation in Kashmir floods
People complained the Omar Abdullah government had failed to warn them about the floods and was not equipped to deal with the natural disaster.
"We used to remove the tin roofs of our house to wave at helicopters to rescue us but they were only airlifting from locations briefed by the state administration," said Mansoor Ahmed, who was rescued on Thursday from the third floor of his Rajbagh house with his wife and 80-year-old mother.
Srinagar residents also complained the government was not doing anything to pump out standing water as fears of disease loomed large.
"We at Rajbagh were at the epicentre of the floods. A government jeep could have covered the area in half an hour if it gave door-to-door warning. The water will not go out of its own. And it is not rocket science for the state engineering department to figure out how to pump it out," said Yusuf Butt.
Read: Weather brings respite to stranded
The death of a seven-year-old after drinking contaminated water raised alarm bells in the area. "We have been given chlorine tablets, saying one is enough for 150 litres of water. Where is 150 litres of water to drink? We are buying drinking water bottles. There is no water tanker here," said Javed, a driver.
Officials said water supplies had been partially restored in the Valley and efforts were on to re-establish communication links that were snapped after the floods.
The government has moved thousands of people to makeshift shelters where they are also being provided with food and other basic amenities. The army has deployed about 30,000 troops for rescue and relief operations and soldiers distributed 224,000 litres of water and food to survivors.
In a gesture of solidarity, staff at the prime minister's office gave up one day's salary for flood relief.
Many people praised the army on social media for its efforts but others vented their anger at delays in getting help to survivors.
Basharat Peer, a journalist and author of a book on the Kashmir conflict, who is working as a volunteer in Srinagar, said the response to the disaster had been woeful.
"It is clear case of mismanagement. Why are the basic supplies still not made available?" Peer asked.
"There are thousands of people searching for their families They have no idea whether they are alive or dead. We have no clean drinking water, no medicines and food to feed the children."
(With agency inputs)

In fresh blow to steelmakers  Jharkhand orders closure of some iron ore minesReuters |  Array Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 03:44 PM IST
In fresh blow to steelmakers, Jharkhand orders closure of some iron ore mines
Govt has ordered closure of 12 mines as their licences have expired
Jharkhand has ordered the closure of 12 out of its 17 iron ore mines because their leases have expired, dealing a fresh blow to local steelmakers, some of which have been forced to import the raw material due to short supplies at home.
 
Mining curbs in states such as Goa and Karnataka along with mine closures in top producing Odisha have limited iron ore availability in the country, opening the door to more imports this year, which could help absorb some of the surplus in global supply.
 
Jharkhand was India's third-biggest iron ore producer in the fiscal year to March, with output of around 21 million tonne. The shut mines, including those of steel majors Tata Steel and Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), accounted for around 19 million tonne.
 
"They have sent notice to close 12 mines. These include mines of Tata Steel and Steel Authority of India Limited," an official of the Jharkhand state government said by phone from the capital Ranchi.
 
The notice was issued last week, he said, declining to be named because he was not authorised to speak to the media.
 
Asked when the mines would resume operations, the official said: "It depends on the government's policy."
 
Another official from the state government confirmed the mine closures.
 
In May, the Supreme Court ordered the temporary closure of 26 out of 56 operating mines in Odisha, also due to non-renewal of mining leases.
 
Eight of those mines in Odisha have since reopened, including the captive mines of Tata Steel, SAIL and state-owned Odisha Mining Corp, said Dhruv Goel, managing partner at industry consultancy SteelMint, based in Odisha.
 
SAIL produces 10-11 million tonne of iron ore annually in Jharkhand and Tata Steel around 5 million tonne, Goel said.
 
He estimated that both steelmakers had iron ore stocks that could probably last them around 40-45 days.
 
From 300,000 tonne in the past fiscal year, India's iron ore imports would probably reach 6-7 million tonne in the current year to March 2015 due to the mining restrictions, said Goel. Imports had already reached 2.6 million tonne in April to August, he said, citing government data.
 
That could help siphon off some of the surplus in the world market that has slashed iron ore prices by nearly 40% this year as big Australian and Brazilian miners have lifted output and demand has slowed in top buyer China.
 Advertisements

Sandeep Jajodia elected president of new BoxingIndiaPrint
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 11, 2014 8:06 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 8:39 pm
Ending more than one-and-a-half year-old impasse in Indian boxing officialdom, a new body headed by industrialist Sandeep Jajodia was elected in Mumbai on Thursday for a four-year term in the elections conducted via a secret ballot in the presence of two observers from world body AIBA.
While Jajodia, representing Chhattisgarh BA, was elected unopposed as President of Boxing India (BI) in the elections in which 33 units took part, Jay Kowli of Maharashtra was elected as Secretary-General in a three- cornered contest in which he polled the highest number of votes (32), said AIBA’s India-based observer Kishen Narsi.
Also elected as treasurer was Hemanta Kumar Kalita of Assam, who defeated two other rivals by garnering 41 votes, said Narsi, who was the AIBA observer along with AIBA’s legal manager Cliodhna Guy who had flown down from Lausanne, Switzerland, to oversee the elections.
Narsi announced the results after Returning Officer Justice (retd) D K Deshmukh, who had a “pressing commitment” in an arbitration matter, had to leave early.
Ten Vice-Presidents and a seven-member Executive Council were also declared elected.
Narsi, however, said as far as the Indian boxers’ participation in the Asian Games, starting in South Korea next week-end, is concerned, things have to become clearer.
“Thirteen boxers’ names have been sent to the Asian Games Organising Committee. They have been training hard in Patiala and Delhi. The present situation (about their participation) is not clear.
“A process has been followed and its results will be sent to the AIBA Executive Council (for clearance). But there’s time as boxing events start only on the 23rd.”
Narsi, who was part of the ad-hoc committee formed by IOA to run boxing affairs, had stepped down after being appointed by AIBA as observer for Thursday’s elections.
Narsi said “The IOA was informed that two observers, myself and Cliodhna, will be the AIBA observers at the elections. They were asked to send their observer. None came. You have to ask them the reason.”
Boxing India had been floated by Jajodia and Udit Sheth of Transtadia who are the owners of the Indian boxing franchise in AIBA-promoted World Series Boxing (WSB), after the Indian Boxing Federation was first suspended in December 2012 and then suspended this year by the world body.
In early May, Boxing India received provisional recognition from AIBA to form a new federation that would govern the sport in India.
Narsi said the voting “was totally transparent and very peaceful” and it was for the first time in 32 years that the secret ballot system was followed in boxing elections for the national body, though one delegate differed and said it was last followed in 1997.
“Earlier, the President was elected and it was left to him to form his team,” said Narsi, a very senior and long-serving international boxing official.
He said the elections cleared the way for Indian boxers to earn substantial money on two other formats promoted by AIBA – WSB and AIBA Pro Boxing (APB).
“Two of our boxers — Shiv Thapa and Sumit Sangwan — have represented USA franchise in WSB. Two or three other franchises were interested in Indian boxers. They can improve their ranking and earn a large amount of money.”
The new BI President, who is Chairman and MD of Monet Group, which is into steel, power and mining, said his priority was to set the stage for continued…

Spectrum allocating news driven this stock to make upside of 113   but...Platinum Member
206 Followers
spectrum allocating news driven this stock to make upside of 113 , but resisted there and closed below 112 is a sign of wekaness for further downside , if breaching and maintaining itself below 110 can drag it to 107 in tommorrows sesssion.
about 1 hr 24 min 56 sec ago  | Track

Sensex  Nifty head towards lowest close in nearly two weeksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sensex  Nifty log worst drop in a month; Re hits 61 vs dollarSensex, Nifty log worst drop in a month; Re hits 61 vs dollar
PTI  Mumbai, September 10, 2014
First Published: 10:49 IST(10/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:21 IST(10/9/2014)
Comments
Markets on Wednesday logged their steepestloss in over month with Sensex falling 208 points and Nifty slipping 59 points on continued profit-booking after hitting record highs recently and concerns that a sooner than expected hike in US interest rates would affect capital inflows.
In step with weak equity markets and other emerging market currencies, the rupee plunged to 61-level against the greenback intra-day.
Selling mainly in heavyweights like ITC, Infosys, RIL, HDFC, L&T, HDFC Bank and TCS kept the market under pressure.
Shares from Consumer Durables, Oil&Gas, FMCG, IT and Capital Goods sectors suffered losses while some shares from Realty and Power attracted buying.
"Concerns over US Fed hiking interest rates earlier than expected added to the weakness in global markets. Crucial CPI and IIP data this week along with US fed decision will be in focus in coming sessions," said Kiran Kumar Kavikondala, Director & CEO, WealthRays Securities.
All eyes are now Fed's policy-setting meeting on September 16-17 that could give more cues on rate trajectory.
Despite sharp falls in Sensex and Nifty, total market breadth was positive on consistent buying by retail investors in second-line stocks.
The BSE 30-share barometer resumed slightly lower and remained in negative terrain throughout the day to settle at 27,057.41, a steep fall of 207.91 points or 0.76 %. This is its biggest fall since 259.87 point loss on August 8.
On Tuesday, the Sensex slipped 54.53 points after it hit new highs on Monday.
The 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also tumbled by 58.85 points, or 0.72 %, to end at 8,094.10. This is its sharpest single-day loss since 80.70-point drop on August 8.
"Markets were sluggish to start and ended the day even lower taking cues from weak global markets. The Supreme Court's reserved decision on the coal block allocations also kept traders cautious as did the depreciating rupee," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Among major laggards, tobacco product giant ITC (down 1.85 %) was second biggest loser from the Sensex pack on concerns the government may tighten tobacco regulations. Hero MotoCorp fell the most as it fell 2.44 %.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs. 479.40 crore on Tuesday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.
PSU OMCs saw share prices falling on Wednesday even as Brent crude oil fell below USD 99 a barrel. Petrol and diesel rates are due for revision on September 15. Oil India, Cairn, BPCL, IOC, HPCL, ONGC, and Gail India closed down between 0.43 % and 3.09 %.
Asian stocks, barring Japan, ended lower on concern that China's growth is slowing and speculation that US interest rates will rise sooner than estimated. Key indices in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore and South Korea fell by 0.13 % to 1.93 %.
European markets were also trading lower as the region's governments weighed tougher sanctions on Russia. Key indices in France, Germany and UK eased by 0.13 % to 0.35 %.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said: "Local equities traded weak following overnight fall in US equities which collapsed the emerging markets. Concern rose that US Federal Reserve could signal an earlier-than-expected rate hike at its next policy meeting on September 16-17."
In Sensex, 22 scrips ended lower while eight closed up.
Major losers include Hero MotoCorp (2.44 %), ITC (1.85 %), Infosys (1.84 %), Coal India (1.80 %), RIL (1.67 %), HDFC (1.52 %), M&M (1.43 %), Larsen (1.27 %), BHEL (1.04 %) and TCS (0.96 %).
Gainers were led by Sesa Sterlite (1.62 %), Tata Power 1.58 %, ICICI Bank 1.53 % and Bajaj Auto 1.12 %.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Consumer Durables fell by 1.56 %, Oil&Gas 1.49 %, FMCG 1.48 % and IT 1.06 %.
Total market breadth remained strong on the back of smallcap and midcap stocks. About 1,741 stocks closed in the green while 1,272 finished in the red while 94 held unchanged. Market turnover, however, declined to Rs. 3,262.72 crore from Rs. 3,426.79 crore on Tuesday.

Agni-I nuclear capable missile successfullytest-firedPress Trust of India | Balasore (odisha) | Posted: September 11, 2014 7:35 pm
India on Thursday successfully test-fired its indigenously built nuclear capable Agni-I missile, which has a strike range of 700 km, from a test range off Odisha coast as part of a user trial by the Army.
The surface-to-surface, single-stage missile, powered by solid propellants, was test-fired from a mobile launcher at about 11.11 hrs from launch pad-4 of the Integrated Test Range (ITR) at Wheeler Island, about 100 km from here, Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) spokesman Ravi Kumar Gupta said.
Describing the trial as fully successful, Gupta said the ballistic missile was launched by the Strategic Forces Command (SFC) of the army as part of a training exercise.
“The entire exercise was conducted in a perfect manner and the trial was totally successful,” he said.
“The DRDO developed medium range ballistic missile from the production lot was launched as part of regular training exercise by the armed forces,” said another official.
Agni-I missile has a specialised navigation system which ensures it reaches the target with a high degree of accuracy and precision.
The missile, which has already been inducted in to Armed Forces has proved its excellent performance in terms of range, accuracy and lethality.
Weighing 12 tonnes, the 15-metre-long Agni-I, which can carry payloads up to 1000 kg, has already been inducted into the Indian Army.
Agni-I was developed by advanced systems laboratory, the premier missile development laboratory of the DRDO in collaboration with Defence Research Development Laboratory and Research Centre Imarat and integrated by Bharat Dynamics Limited, Hyderabad.
The last trial of the Agni-I missile was successfully carried out on April 12, 2014 from the same base. It was first trial that was launched after sunset.
The entire exercise was conducted in a perfect manner and the trial was totally successful.

MasterCard Loses EU Court Battle Over FeesToday marks the 13th anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon in 2001, which...
Chang W. Lee/The New York Times/AP Photo
2
People are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
3

Government to create $26 billion worth of opportunity for technology firmsGovernment to create $26 billion worth of opportunity for technology firms
By ET Bureau | 11 Sep, 2014, 05.15PM IST
The unprecedented mandate and the positive track record have instilled hope for an economic turnaround in citizens and investors, the report said.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
Modi government's investment in technology for the year 2014-15 is an estimated $26 billion comprising of investment in digitization, infrastructural improvements, push for manufacturing and technology in healthcare & agriculture, says a report by market research firm Zinnov.
The report, which assesses first 100 days of the Modi government and highlights the impacts it has had so far. The new government plans to take digitalization to the next level by implementing the digitalization of agriculture & PDS data, enabling e-governance & m-governance, facilitating the National Rural Internet and Technology Mission, using IT for real time information gathering, and the digitization of all government files, the report states.
In the past, the government has engaged multiple MNCs such as IBM, HP and Cisco for digitization projects. Digital India, India as the Innovation Hub, Next Gen Infrastructure, Enhance Ease of Doing Business, and Revive Manufacturing - will be executed by a focus on 3S - skill, scale and speed propelled by technology, Zinnov said.
Talent Availability (85,000 Graduates from Top tier Engineering institutes, 1.2 million engineers graduated in 2014) Entrepreneurial Indian mindset (4000+ active technology startups 150 Startup incubators 49 Million SMEs/SMBs operating in India), Strong Democratic Fiber (Well defined electoral processes) and Communication Infrastructure (200 million internet users, 2nd largest number of telecom users) are considered India's 4 Growth Pillars.
"The stage is all set to create long term sustainable growth and reposition India on the global map with strategies like minimum government, maximum governance; empowering the poor; digital India and relationship building with Asian nations." said Praveen Bhadada, Senior Director, Zinnov.
Modi's governance model has a proven track record of being decisive, reform-oriented and business-friendly. The unprecedented mandate and the positive track record have instilled hope for an economic turnaround in citizens and investors, the report said.
Government has defined a 3-pronged strategy to make India an innovation hub. Firstly through enabling skills by the establishment of more premier institutes such as IITs and IIMs and the development of innovation accelerators supported by innovation infrastructure. An innovative ecosystem fosters high quality research. Secondly, giving proximity to customers will accelerate and improve India centric product development. And finally, innovative ecosystem will also allow joint R&D efforts across industries for accentuated product development. MNCs have been leveraging the Indian innovation ecosystem to develop products for the Indian customers.
So far, Technology MNCs have played a crucial role in the establishment of next generation infrastructure. The Indian government plans to invest $11 billion in the key focus areas to drive the next wave of technology-backed infrastructure growth. The key focus is to create national optical-fibre networks and to build 100 smart cities with high-speed digital highways along with national solar missions and national gas grids.

Watch Live: House Leadership News Conferences
Wall Street dips in early trade on weak jobless claims dataDefense names see little impact from Obama speech
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
Islamic State Lockheed Martin Corp. Northrop Grumman Corporation
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Defense companies were slightly lower on Thursday, with the group seeing little impact from U.S. President Obama authorizing air strikes in both Syria and Iraq, though the groups have been strong outperformers so far this year.
Obama late Wednesday announced his decision to launch attacks, which are part of a broad campaign against the Islamic State militant group.

Maha govt cluster redevelopment policy: Boon for realtorsThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Follow Vivekananda s message to avert attacks like 9/11: PM Narendra ModiComments
Terror attacks like 9/11 in the US would not have happened if Swami Vivekananda's message of universal brotherhood was followed across the world, prime minister Narendra Modi said on Thursday.
The Prime Minister said Swami Vivekananda's message of universal brotherhood was delivered in his soul-stirring address at the World Parliament of Religions in Chicago on September 11, 1893.
"There are 2 images of 11th September - one of the trail of destruction in 2001 and the other - the message of Swami Vivekananda in 1893. Had we followed Swami Ji's message, history would never have witnessed such dastardly acts as we saw on 11th September 2001 in USA," the Prime Minister said.
He said through his address, Swami Vivekananda drew the entire world's attention to our nation's rich history and strong cultural roots.
Narrating his address to "Sisters and brothers of America ...", the Prime Minister said with these words of Swami Vivekananda, India's message of universal brotherhood reverberated across the world.
"Let us remember the words of Swami Vivekananda and dedicate ourselves to furthering the cause of unity, brotherhood and world peace," he said.
  In his address at the Parliament of Religions in Chicago in 1893, Swami Vivekananda had said, "Sectarianism, bigotry, and its horrible descendant, fanaticism, have long possessed this beautiful earth. They have filled the earth with violence, drenched it often and often with human blood, destroyed civilisation and sent whole nations to despair. Had it not been for these horrible demons, human society would be far more advanced than it is now."

Apple Introduces the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 PlusToday marks the 13th anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon in 2001, which...
Chang W. Lee/The New York Times/AP Photo
2
People are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
3

Public fury mounts as Jammu and Kashmir cops collect bodies floating in worst floods in yearsSBI Mutual Fund aims at Rs 90,000 cr AUM mark, top 5 ranking by FY'15
SBI Mutual Fund is eyeing entry in the top-5 club of the domestic mutual fund sector by financial ye...

Scientists unlock secrets of coffee DNASeptember 11, 2014 9:06 am
Scientists unlock secrets of coffee DNA
By Emiko Terazono
Data may help produce higher-yielding disease-resistant crops
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/656db45e-38f1-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tornado Rakes Cleveland Area
Paralympian Oscar Pistorius found not guilty of murderIANS |  Pretoria Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 05:02 PM IST
Paralympian Oscar Pistorius found not guilty of murder
Pistorius is on trial for fatally shooting his girlfriend Reeva Stenkamp; the prosecution has alleged it was pre-meditated
A court in South Africa Thursday found paralympian Oscar Pistorius "not guilty" of premeditated murder or murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in 2013, media reported.
After the high court in Pretoria adjourned for an early lunch Judge Thokosile Masipa gave the verdict in the case relating to the incident Feb 14, 2013, in which Pistorius was accused of fatally shooting Steenkamp, a South African model, through a locked toilet at his house in Pretoria, the Independent Online reported.
Delivering her verdict, Masipa said the state could not prove beyond reasonable doubt that Pistorius had directly intended to murder Steenkamp.
"The accused clearly wanted to use the firearm... (but) the intention to shoot does not include the intention to kill," the report quoted Masipa as saying in her judgment.
Pistorius's lawyers had put forward the defence that their client intentionally fired in self-defence thinking that there was an intruder in the house.
Regarding Pistorius's credibility as a witness, Masipa said accused repeatedly said he had no time to think during his testimony, and the defence believed this raised doubt of whether he could be held criminally accountable, or whether he could understand the difference between right and wrong in his panic.
Stating that the onus of proof was on the state, Masipa said the accused could be acquitted if there was reasonable doubt over whether he was guilty.
According to the report, it was not clear whether Pistorius would face a culpable homicide conviction.
After the verdict, Pistorius was seen sobbing and hugging his siblings and other relatives in relief.
Oscar's day out in court
 

Cliven Bundy is on the campaign trail in Nevada speaking out against the federal governmentComments
By Hunter Schwarz September 11 at 10:14 AM
Rancher Cliven Bundy speaks during a news conference near his ranch in April in Bunkerville, Nev. (David Becker/Getty Images)
Rancher Cliven Bundy is hitting the campaign trail with third party candidates in Nevada sharing his message that the state should take back federal land.
“He does support our candidates, but he isn’t campaigning,” John Wagner, state chairman of the Independent American Party, told The Washington Post.
Bundy, a former Republican, joined the Independent American Party in May .
“I guess the main thing is they didn’t get any support from Republican leadership,” Wagner said, referring to the April protests over the Bureau of Land Management’s attempts to round up Bundy’s cattle in response to unpaid grazing fees. “The people who were mainly supporting him were our people.”
The state party believes the federal government should relinquish control over Nevada land, supports gun rights and the gold standard, and is opposed to the Patriot Act and the Affordable Care Act. It was founded in 1986, but “went dormant” when Ronald Reagan was elected, Wagner said, but was revived in 1992. In the past few months, he said he’s seen an increased interest in the party. “I’ve had a couple people call me and inquire,” he said. People are increasingly “fed up with both parties,” Wagner said.
Bundy’s stops this week are mostly in rural towns. He spoke in Reno Tuesday, followed by Fallon, a town an hour outside Reno with a population of less than 9,000, Wednesday. He has a stop in Elko Thursday night and in Ely Friday, Wagner said.
On Tuesday, Bundy spoke alongside Russell Best, a candidate for Nevada’s 4th congressional district, at the Bonanza Casino to about 50 people.
“I’m here to promote some good candidates for reelection this next couple months,” Bundy said, according to KRNV .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410444898/1410444898000/1410444898 tracking: {authors=Hunter Schwarz, blog_name=govbeat, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=cliven-bundy-is-on-the-campaign-trail-in-nevada-speaking-out-against-the-federal-government, post_id=15274, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 2:14:58 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 2:14:58 PM

Mondelez to set up Rs 1000cr plant in AndhraThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

New Manager This Week
Rating agencies likely to upgrade outlook for India  says BofA-MLSBI Mutual Fund aims at Rs 90,000 cr AUM mark, top 5 ranking by FY'15
SBI Mutual Fund is eyeing entry in the top-5 club of the domestic mutual fund sector by financial ye...

Applications for US Unemployment Aid Rise to Highest in 10 Weeks  Though Trend Remains LowToday marks the 13th anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon in 2001, which...
Chang W. Lee/The New York Times/AP Photo
2
People are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
3

Bank of Rajasthan shareholders to move HC against SebiBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 07:16 PM IST
Bank of Rajasthan shareholders to move HC against Sebi
Minority shareholders in erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) will move Bombay High Court on Friday against the securities market regulator Sebi over its decision to impose a small penalty on promoters of the bank.Vinay Kumar Garg, a minority shareholder in the bank, said today that it will file a writ petition stating that the penalty imposed by Sebi be increased.
Minority shareholders in erstwhile Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) will move Bombay High Court on Friday against the securities market regulator Sebi over its decision to impose a small penalty on promoters of the bank.
Vinay Kumar Garg, a minority shareholder in the bank, said today that it will file a writ petition stating that the penalty imposed by Sebi be increased.
He alleged that during the merger between BoR and ICICI bank in 2010, the promoters of the BoR made wrongful gains of over Rs 700 crore. Sebi, however, imposed penalty of just Rs 30 crore in 2013 on 118 entities, including main promoter P K Tayal, charged with violation.
Sebi's had charged these entities of violating the takeover norms by not making any public announcement while acquiring shares amounting to a more than 55 per cent stake.
At a press conference held here today, the minority shareholders said that the penalty imposed by Sebi's adjudicating officer was inconsequential
"We want a higher penalty to be imposed on the promoters. It should be three times the ill-gotten gains and to be distributed amongst the minority investors," said Garg.
Separately, a group of around 200 members, represented by Mridul Sharma a high court lawyer, are also contesting the appointment of RK Padmanabhan as a Sebi's chief vigilance officer (CVO).
Padmanabhan also heads the investigation department at Sebi.
"We are contesting that how can a vigilance officer perform dual roles," said Sharma.
As per the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) guidelines, a vigilance officer has to play a neutral role.
An officer, appointed to keep a vigil over employees in a regulatory body, cannot head another sensitive portfolio, he said.
A Sebi spokesperson pointed out that the order imposing penalty by the Adjudicating Officer (AO) was challenged before the Securities Appellate Tribunal (SAT) and that the tribunal has set aside the penalties in some cases.
"As far imposition of penalty is concerned it is the AO who comes to a reasoned view on whether a monetary penalty needs to be imposed and if so how much should be the penalty, based on facts and circumstances of each case," said the person.
The regulator said that with regard to the Chief Vigilance Officer(CVO), historically, the two roles had been filled by the same person; and said that this was in line with vigilance guidelines.
"All through the history of SEBI, an Executive Director(ED) of a department in SEBI has been given the additional responsibility of the CVO. For eg., immediately before the current CVO, an IPS officer who was the ED in charge of Investigations Department was also working as CVO. Even prior to that similar practices have been followed. Having a part time CVO in an organisation having limited number of officers such as SEBI is as per guidelines and practices approved by Central Vigilance Commission (CVC). However, in view of frequent and motivated attempts to rake up this issue again and again, SEBI has sought further guidance in the matter from the CVC, which is awaited," said the person.
 

Meet the newest FDA-approved prescription weight-loss drug: ContraveBy Abby Phillip September 11 at 9:27 AM Follow @abbydphillip
(Rogelio V. Solis/AP)
The Food and Drug Administration has approved the latest prescription diet pill, Contrave, which is a combination of two previously FDA-approved drugs that treat addiction and depression.
The drug is the latest tool in physicians' arsenals for the treatment of obesity, a growing epidemic in the United States. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,  more than 35 percent of adults  are obese.
With diet and exercise, the drug is approved for adults with a body mass index of 30 or greater or with a BMI of 27 or greater, as long as they also suffer from at least one other weight-related condition like high blood pressure, Type 2 diabetes or high cholesterol, the FDA said.
Contrave helped patients lose more weight compared to a placebo in clinical trials involving 4,500 obese and overweight people.
With diet and exercise, the drug is approved for adults with a body mass index of 27 or greater, as long as they also suffer from at least one other weight-related condition like high blood pressure, Type 2 diabetes or high cholesterol, the FDA said. Persons with a BMI of 30 or above can be prescribed the drug without consideration of compounding conditions.
In people with diabetes evaluated in a second trial, those patients lost an average of 2 percent more weight compared to the placebo. And 36 percent of people taking Contrave lost at least 5 percent of their body weight compared to 18 percent of people taking a placebo.
But like a lot of other prescription diet pills, it is accompanied by warnings of serious risks and side effects.
The extended release form of two component drugs — naltrexone, which treats alcohol and opiate addiction, and bupropion, which treats depression and seasonal effective disorders, and is used to help smokers quit — are combined in Contrave.
The FDA warns that because it contains an anti-depressant, bupropion, there are risks of increased suicidal thoughts and behaviors that are usually associated with those types of drugs. And there are even reported neuro-psychiatric events associated with bupropion in patients using it as a smoking cessation aid.
The diet pill Contrave can also cause seizures, raise blood pressure and heart rates. So people who have a history of seizures shouldn't take it, and neither should people who have uncontrolled high blood pressure.
Concerns about heart-related side effects have been a reoccurring problem for diet drugs, particularly since the recall of Fen-Phen in 1997 due to concerns about heart damage caused by the drug. But despite those concerns, an FDA advisory panel endorsed Contrave in 2010 , saying that weight loss benefits outweigh the health risks.
And in 2012, two other drugs, Qsymia and  Belviq , were approved by the FDA for weight loss.
Patients who take the newest drug, Contrave, are supposed to be closely monitored and reevaluated after 12 weeks. If the person has not lost at least least 5 percent of their body weight, its use should be discontinued, the FDA said.
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national/health-science, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410442056/1410442056000/1410442056 tracking: {authors=Abby Phillip, blog_name=to-your-health, content_category=National/health-science, in_url_headline=fda-approves-a-new-prescription-weight-loss-drug-contrave, post_id=5035, section={section=national/health-science, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 1:27:36 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 1:27:36 PM

Al Qaeda-backed group releases video of kidnapped UN peacekeepersU.N. vehicles drive in Syria near the border fence with the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights September 2, 2014. (Source: Reuters)
Reuters | Sydney | Posted: September 11, 2014 1:36 pm
An al Qaeda-backed militant group that seized 45 U.N. peacekeepers two weeks ago on the Golan Heights has posted a video in which the hostages, from the South Pacific nation of Fiji, say they expect to be released soon.
The video, which was posted on the Nusra Front’s Twitter and YouTube accounts on Wednesday but was apparently recorded a day earlier, appears to show the troops in a good condition, at points smiling and waving at the camera.
On Wednesday, the head of Fiji’s army said the Islamist militant group had dropped all of its demands to free the hostages, but at least slightly back-pedalled later in the day as the situation appeared to deteriorate.
It was unclear whether the video, carried by the SITE monitoring service, was made before or after the confusion surrounding those comments, but a U.N. source earlier told Reuters that the militants had insisted on such a video as a condition for the peacekeepers’ release.
“By the way, we are all safe and alive, and we thank Jabhat al-Nusra for keeping us safe and keeping us alive. I’d like to assure you that we have not been harmed in any way,” one hostage, who was not identified, said, using the Nusra Front’s full name.
“We understand that with the limited resources that they have, they have provided the best for us and we truly appreciate it and we thank them. We are thankful that Jabhat al-Nusra has kept its word and that we will be going home.”
Fiji said it was working to support the United Nations.
“The Fijian Government is calling on all parties to assist the release of the Fijian peacekeepers and ensure their safe return to their families and loved ones,” it said in a statement.
Statements by Fijian officials that an agreement had been  reached and the peacekeepers would be released without any conditions “reflected a strong hope for the safety of our men and were made without consultations with the United Nations and other parties”, it said.
Syria’s three-year civil war reached the frontier with Israeli-controlled territory last month when Islamist fighters overran a crossing point in the line that has separated Israelis from Syrians in the Golan Heights since a 1973 war.
The fighters then turned on the U.N. blue helmets from a peacekeeping force that has patrolled the ceasefire line for 40 years. After the Fijians were captured, more than 70 Filipinos spent two days besieged at two locations before reaching safety.
The Nusra Front had demanded compensation for fighters killed during the confrontation, humanitarian assistance for its supporters and its removal from the U.N. list of terrorist organisations.
Qatar, one country in the Middle East thought by the United States to have influence with the Islamist militant group, said that Fiji continued…

Sensex blow 27 000 markObama's speech, Fed rate hike fears dampen investor sentiment
Mumbai, Sept 11:  
Sensex slipped 62 points to close below the psychological level of 27,000.
The benchmark index opened on the higher side at 27143 against 27057 registered on Wednesday. It made a high of 27151 and low of 26904 before closing at 26996. Turnover on BSE was higher at `3,608 crore against `3,263 crore recorded on Wednesday.
In NSE, Nifty was down eight points at 8,086.
Coal India, NHPC and ONGC declined four per cent, five per cent and four per cent to Rs 361, Rs 21 and Rs 429 in a volatile trade after the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs on Wednesday approved stake-sale in these state-run companies.
Sun Pharmaceutical dipped four per cent to Rs 823 on reports that the company's manufacturing facility in Halol, Gujarat is on a surprise inspection by the US Food and Drug Administration. Halol plant reportedly contributes to about 40 per cent of US sales and around 25 per cent of consolidated profit of the company.
Shares of Ranbaxy Labs, which was acquired by Sun Pharmaceutical in April, fell five per cent to Rs 622.
Other pharma stocks such as Cadila Healthcare (down 1.14%), Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (down 0.68%), Wockhardt (down 1.40%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (down 0.96%) and Lupin (down 1.79%) also declined.
The major gainers were MotherSumi (9%), GMDC (6%), Bharat Forge (6%), Corp Bank (6%), Indian Bank (5%) and REC (5%).
Prominent losers were NHPC (-5%), Ranbaxy (-5%), Sun Pharma (-4%), J&K Bank (-4%), ONGC (-4%) and Coal India (-4%).
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Salman booked for hurting religious sentimentsThe Yavatmal police in Maharashtra on Thursday booked Bollywood actor Salman Khan for hurting religious sentiments of a community.
 
Khan was booked under section 295 (A) on the basis of a complaint lodged by president of Vidarbha unit of All India Qaumi Tanzeem Mohd Asim Ali, according to the information available.
 
Ali said in his complaint, that Khan was instrumental in hurting the sentiments of the Muslims. He said that Khan’s NGO “Being Human” organised a fashion show in Mumbai a few months back, in which a model walked down the ramp with the Arabic word “Allah” prominently displayed at the bottom of her gown.
 
Ali also furnished a video clip of the fashion show, along with his complaint, to substantiate his allegations. It is unclear when and where the event took place but the video clips of the 'event' are being circulated on the social media.  This has triggered anger among members of the Muslim community.
 
Ali further alleged that the police had not taken the matter seriously and did not take any action even two days after filing of the complaint.
 
“When we threatened that we would launch an indefinite dharna before the police, if they fail to book the actor, officials registered a case against Khan this morning,” Ali said.
 
However, investigating officer Dilip Chavan said, “We have lodged a complaint against Salman Khan and verifying details in this regard.”

Nifty below 8 100; Broader markets outperformThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Syria  Iran slam US for excluding them from global coalition fighting ISISFILE - In this Tuesday, July 29, 2014 file photo, Islamic militants parade in Beiji, some 250 kilometers (155 miles) north of the capital, Baghdad, Iraq. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Damascus | Posted: September 11, 2014 6:02 pm
Syrian and Iranian officials criticised the Obama administration on Thursday for excluding them from an international coalition coming together in the battle against the Islamic State group, while a state-run Syrian daily warned that unauthorized U.S. airstrikes on Syria may trigger the “first sparks of fire” in the region.
Syria’s main Western-backed opposition group, meanwhile, welcomed President Barack Obama’s authorization of U.S. airstrikes targeting — for the first time — the extremists inside Syria, saying it stands “ready and willing” to partner with the international community to defeat the militants.
But the Syrian National Coalition said that airstrikes need to be coupled with a strategy for ultimately toppling President Bashar Assad.
Kurdish politicians in Iraq similarly praised Obama’s announcement of wider airstrikes and assistance to Iraqi forces.
“We welcome this new strategy,” said Hoshyar Zebari, a Kurdish politician and one of Iraq’s newly-appointed deputy prime ministers. “We think it will work with the cooperation of the indigenous local forces like Iraqi Security Forces, the Kurdish peshmerga and other forces.”
“There is an urgent need for action. People cannot sit on the fence. This is a mortal threat to everybody,” he told The Associated Press.
The U.S. began launching limited airstrikes against Islamic State targets in Iraq earlier this summer at the request of former Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, in a significant boost to the Iraqi forces, including the Kurdish peshmerga fighters, battling to win back land lost to the militant group.
The Sunni extremists seized roughly a third of Iraq and Syria in their rampage this summer, declaring a self-styled caliphate in areas under their control where they apply their strict interpretation of Islamic law.
In a prime-time address to the nation from the White House late Wednesday, Obama announced he was authorizing U.S. airstrikes inside Syria for the first time, along with expanded strikes in Iraq as part of “a steady, relentless effort” to root out Islamic State extremists and curb their reign of terror.
He also again urged Congress to authorize a program to train and arm Syrian rebels who are fighting both the Islamic State militants and Assad’s forces.
Obama did not say when U.S. forces would begin striking at targets inside Syria.
Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al-Moallem had last month warned the U.S. against carrying out airstrikes on Syrian territory without Damascus’ consent, saying any such attack would be considered an aggression.
Obama, in his speech, ruled out any partnership with Assad in the fight against the Islamic State militants, saying the Syrian leader will “never regain the legitimacy” he has lost.
“I wonder how an international coalition can be formed and Syria, which is targeted by terrorism in depth, is shunned continued…

Hands down  people without kids have better livesexcept for this one major thing2 hours ago
This article has been corrected.
As a married dad with two grade-school daughters, a wife who works a bigger job than I do, and a pretty big job of my own, I often envy (and sometimes resent) the social exploits of my child-less friends. It always seems like they’re eating at the cool new restaurants, going to kick-ass concerts, jet-setting to Vegas or Paris, and—gasp—sleeping past 8:00am.
These same friends surely roll their eyes at all the doting pictures of my kids on Facebook, my lame Honda Pilot, and my constantly rejecting their impromptu social invitations. Dude, I don’t even have time to see one episode of Modern Family, how the hell am I supposed to join you at the Black Keys concert on an hour’s notice?
Parents and non-parents might as well be two different species. Conventional wisdom tells us that parents sleep less, exercise less, gain weight more, stress more, and have less time overall for hobbies or entertainment. Non-parents, conversely, travel more, eat out more, read more, watch more movies and TV, and do more yoga.
But, is this all true or simply stereotype? How different are the lives of parents and non-parents, really? And how do these differences impact our overall happiness?
Since 2010, polling platform CivicScience has cataloged 1,050,053 responses to the “Parental Status” poll, including 656,266 parents and 393,787 non-parents in the US and analyzed a subset of parents, age 25 to 54, comparing them to non-parents in the same age bracket.
Here are the facts and the myths:
1. Non-parents get more sleep: Fact
Non-parents are 75% more likely than parents to report an average of over eight hours of sleep each night. Parents are 29% more likely to report less than six hours of sleep per night. Perhaps that’s why parents are 28% more likely to say they drink coffee “every day without fail.”
2. Non-parents are healthier: Fact
Non-parents are 73% more likely than parents to say they “never” eat at fast food restaurants. Parents are 54% more likely to smoke cigarettes every day. Non-parents are 38% more likely to exercise at a gym once a week or more, while parents are 17% more likely to say they never exercise and 10% more likely to consider themselves overweight.
3. Non-parents have more financial and career freedom: Fact
Parents are 41% more likely to use coupons “every chance they get,” and yet non-parents are more than twice as likely to save over 20% of their income in a given month. This could be because non-parents are better educated: they are 23% more likely to have a college degree and 29% more likely to have a graduate degree or PhD.
4. Non-parents have more exciting social lives: Fact
Non-parents are more than twice as likely to eat at upscale restaurants at least once a month or more. They are 62% more likely to say that traveling is a “passion” of theirs. When given the opportunity, non-parents are 86% more likely to say they “splurge” on themselves.
5. Non-parents get to enjoy more music, TV, and movies: Fact
Non-parents are 95% more likely than parents to say they are most passionate about TV shows and 41% more likely to be passionate about music. They’re 39% more likely to go to the movies once a month or more.
Parents, on the other hand, are more likely to DVR a TV program and watch it after it broadcasts. Parents are much less likely to “binge watch” a show like House of Cards or Game of Thrones. Find me a parent of young kids who has six hours of contiguous free time for TV and I’ll find you a talking unicorn.
6. Parents worry more: Fact
Despite being more likely to live in suburban or rural areas, parents are 27% more likely to say that they are very concerned about crime and violence where they live. It could be because parents are 51% more likely to say they watch the local news—where coverage of crime and violence is pervasive—every day. Parents also worry more about the economy, public education, health care, taxes. And the list goes on.
7. Parents suffer from higher levels of stress: Fact
Non-parents are actually 23% more likely than parents to say their lives are “not at all stressful.” Although, it’s worth noting that non-parents are also 16% more likely to take prescription medication to manage stress and anxiety.
8. Parents are more likely to long for an earlier time in their lives: Fact
One of the poll question that asks people whether if they could, would they rather go back in time or forward into the future. Parents are 12.5% more likely to choose going back in time. Non-parents are 30% more likely to say they’d rather go into the future. This could be interpreted a couple ways: Perhaps parents wish they could go back to their early 20s or high school. Or maybe they wish they could go back to an earlier era altogether, when family life seemed more idyllic.
9. Therefore, non-parents are happier: Myth
Here’s the surprise twist. When asked “how happy are you today?” parents are actually 33% more likely to say they are “very happy.” Non-parents are 27% more likely to say they are “unhappy” or “very unhappy.” Wait, what? Take a look:
Despite all of the negatives in their lives—the stress, the unhealthy lifestyle, the meager social life, the financial challenges, the pop culture oblivion, and the longing for younger days—parents still find themselves happier. We can’t prove exactly what drives these numbers. I have good friends who are physically unable to have kids, which no doubt affects their happiness. Some people choose not to have kids because of other hardships in their lives. And, surely, lots of unhappy parents only say they’re happy because they think they’re supposed to. 
But maybe joy indeed doesn’t just have to come from extrinsic things and fabulous social lives—it can come from the adventure of raising a family, from teaching and nurturing others, from sacrifice, and from unconditional love.
I just wish you could have all of those things and still get eight hours of sleep.
We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Correction: A previous version of this article stated that parents are 43% more likely to say they are “very happy”; the correct value is 33%.
Share this:

President Obamas systematic campaign of airstrikes against ISIS requires congressional authorizationComments
By Ilya Somin September 10 at 11:54 PM
In tonight’s speech on the struggle against ISIS , President Obama stated that the United States will wage “a systematic campaign of airstrikes against these terrorists.” He also made clear that the campaign is also likely to extend to Syria, as well as Iraq. There is likely good reason for the US – working with other nations – to take military action against ISIS. The president is right about that. But for reasons I outlined here and here , any such extensive military campaign qualifies as a war that requires congressional authorization under the Constitution. Article I of the Constitution gives Congress, not the president, the power to initiate war. If the air strikes last more than 60 days, they also require authorization under the War Powers Act of 1973 .
In recent days, the administration has taken to arguing that they already have congressional authorization under the 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force , which gives the president the authority to use “all necessary and appropriate force against those nations, organizations, or persons he determines planned, authorized, committed, or aided the terrorist attacks that occurred on September 11, 2001, or harbored such organizations or persons.” The administration has – justifiably, in my view – interpreted this to cover forces “associated” with al Qaeda as well as al Qaeda itself . But as Benjamin Wittes of the Brookings Institution points out , that is not enough to cover the campaign against ISIS, because al Qaeda and ISIS are not allies or associates at all, due to their mutual hostility :
I have always supported the administration in taking a broad view of what it means to be an “associated force” under the AUMF. But “associated” does not mean “not associated” or “repudiated by” or “broken with” or even “used to be associated with.”
This is not a stable or sustainable reading of the law, absent some dramatic, non-public intelligence about the ISIS-Al Qaeda relationship. Remember that this is a law that barely a year ago, President Obama was lecturing us needed to be narrowed and repealed. “This war like all wars must end,” he piously intoned. Apparently not, however, before we dramatically expand its interpretive scope and deploy it to support a new and open-ended military campaign that, in the president’s own words, “will take time.” All to avoid asking the girl, who might say no, to dance.
Some defenders of the administration, such as legal scholar Peter Spiro , argue that the campaign against ISIS does not need congressional authorization because it is not a “real war,” primarily because the president assures us it will be limited to air strikes and probably won’t involve a risk of significant US casualties. The president himself said tonight that the campaign against ISIS “will not involve American combat troops fighting on foreign soil.” Such arguments are difficult to credit. Air attacks are among the most important instruments of modern warfare, and Air Force and Navy pilots surely qualify as combat troops; and it’s hard to see a meaningful distinction between “fighting on foreign soil” and bombing foreign soil. Repeated air strikes intended to – as the President put it – “degrade, and ultimately destroy” a potent enemy force that controls a great deal of territory, qualify as war by any reasonable definition. Claims that large-scale air attacks don’t count as warfare w ere specious when the administration trotted them out in defense of its intervention in Libya in 2011 ; and they have not improved with age. You don’t have to be a constitutional law professor, like the president, to see that.
Legal arguments aside, getting congressional authorization is also valuable because it can help develop the kind of broad political support that makes it more likely that we will persist and succeed in the campaign despite possible setbacks . If the going gets tough, the tough are more likely to get going if they have broad support from the public and political elites.
In this case, unlike his plan to launch strikes against the Assad regime in Syria last year (when he unsuccessfully sought congressional authorization), Obama actually does have broad support for acting against ISIS, including from most Republicans. The arguments Obama himself made in defense of going to Congress then apply with equal force today .
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410407693/1410407693000/1410407693 tracking: {authors=Ilya Somin, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=president-obamas-systematic-campaign-against-isis-requires-congressional-authorization, post_id=13333, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 3:54:53 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 3:54:53 AM

Indian shipping companies readying to take the next leapAditi Divekar |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 07:22 PM IST
Indian shipping companies readying to take the next leap
Though government's initiatives to boost the shipping sector is yet to make a noticeable contribution to the country's GDP, the direction and the pace at which the government is moving, industry experts say that the sector bears buoyancy as well as investment opportunities going ahead. "To stimulate growth in any industry, it is important to put a policy in place at first, and we can see the government make effort in this direction. Cutting unnecessary procedures is one of the important steps th
Though government's initiatives to boost the shipping sector is yet to make a noticeable contribution to the country's GDP, the direction and the pace at which the government is moving, industry experts say that the sector bears buoyancy as well as investment opportunities going ahead.
"To stimulate growth in any industry, it is important to put a policy in place at first, and we can see the government make effort in this direction. Cutting unnecessary procedures is one of the important steps the government has taken" a senior official with Mercator told Business Standard.
In July, the shipping ministry came up with lifetime licensing model policy for Indian ships whereby shipping firms no longer need renew ship licences every year.
"It has also been our experience at DG (directorate general) shipping recently that we now go to 2-3 officials for a particular clearance than the earlier process of going through 6-7 officials. Such practices can surely fast track clearances," he added.
Bureaucractic hurdles has been one of the most sticky issues that has hounded the shipping industry for quite sometime now.
"Another important change that we are seeing at the government level is that the ministries are not working in silos anymore. For instance, the shipping ministry is in touch with the commerce ministry and other related ministries," said Vikram Gupta, chief financial officer of Essar Shipping. "Due to this kind of co-ordination between ministries a lot can become easier, things can move faster and can save time," said Gupta.
However, given the issues that the country's shipping sector is beleaguered with at the moment, government's efforts, though in the right direction, will take a while to bring about a material change in the earnings of shipping firms, industry officials said.
In the quarter ended June, some of the shipping companies did put up a good show but analysts are of the view that company specific factors were the bigger drivers for the positive performance than any policy changes announced by the government.
In the quarter under review, state-owned Shipping Corporation of India moved into the green zone as it reported a net profit of Rs 50 crore against a loss of Rs 99 crore in the same period last year. Mercator's standalone performance too was positive. Where the company's standalone numbers largely comprise the pure shipping business of crude oil tankers and gas carriers, Mercator clocked a profit after tax of Rs 4.78 crore versus a loss of Rs 12.17 crore last year.
"In case of Shipping Corp, a bit of change in the business model and a better liner division business has been responsible for better earnings in the first quarter," Bharat Chhoda, senior analyst with ICICI Securities said.
"Shipping being global, a lot of overseas factors also govern the trend in the shipping business. So you see, it is too early for government initiatives to have a far reaching impact on shipping companies'businesses. We need to wait-and-watch," an official with Shipping Corporation said.
"Currently, the government seems to be in the process of understanding the industry issues," said Gupta of Essar Shipping. "A noticeable change in performance of shipping companies therefore will take some time. May be by next budget we can begin to see some change," director, Captain Anoop Kumar Sharma also from Essar Shipping said.
While at one end where the shipping industry looks forward with optimism towards the role of the government in boosting the sector, it is also preparing itself for the next deep dive into the business.
"We are aggressively looking at expansion of portfolio and discussions are on whether it is for the dredging business, the tankers or the bulk,"said the Mercator official.
A friendly policy environment, strong business potential along with low asset price is something that is drawing shipping companies towards capacity expansion plans.
"Though we are still exploring the expansion option, low asset prices and bullish business outlook certainly point towards capacity expansion," the Mercator official added.
Of the total export-import trade of India, only 9.1 percent is done on Indian vessels and the balance 90.9 percent on foreign vessels, as per the Indian National Shipowners'Association (INSA)
"The EXIM trade numbers clearly show the scope of business Indian vessels are losing to foreign companies and the potential that lies therein," said Umesh Grover, chief executive officer of INSA.
In such a scenario, cargo support for Indian vessels is something the government can look at with immediate effect, said Yudhishthir Khatau chairman and managing director of Varun Shipping. " This one step not just can help shipping companies get bigger share in total trade but will also help the government to make noticeable change in shipping firms' businesses," he added.
Apart from investment plans by existing large players in the shipping industry, some younger companies are also looking to invest in the sector via equity.
Mumbai-based Doehle Danautic, which offers chartering, crew management, technical management and ship broking to third-party clients worldwide, is planning to come up with an initial public offering (IPO). "We definitely see good potential in the shipping business and which is why we are planning an IPO. However, I cannot reveal much about it at this juncture," one of the top officials at Doehle Danautic said.
Overall, Indian shipping firms seem to be at a juncture where positive policy moves from the government can smoothen their stay in the business while prepare them to take the next leap.
 Advertisements

RadioShack Is Getting Really DesperateRadioShack May Have To File For Bankruptcy
AP/HuffPost
Updated:
23 minutes ago
Pedestrians walk past a RadioShack Corp. store in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Saturday, June 7, 2014. RadioShack Corp. is expected to release earnings figures on June 10. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — RadioShack says it may need more capital to help complete its turnaround efforts. The struggling electronics store said it may have to file for bankruptcy protection if it can't raise money fast enough.
CEO Joseph Magnacca said in a statement on Thursday that the consumer electronics company is actively exploring options for overhauling its balance sheet and is in advanced talks with "a number of parties."
RadioShack Corp. is also working with its lenders, bondholders, shareholders and landlords to try to find a long-term solution. Magnacca said this could include debt restructuring, consolidating stores and other measures to help lower costs.
Details of a recapitalization are not yet finalized. Magnacca said the Fort Worth, Texas company is reviewing several alternatives, some that would need consent from its lenders.
RadioShack has been working on turning around its business for the past 18 months. The company's efforts have included cutting costs, renovating and closing stores, and shuffling management. It reported another quarterly loss on Thursday on lower revenue.
RadioShack has struggled to find its place in the evolving retail and technology landscape. It's sought to remake itself, focusing on wireless devices and accessories, but growth in that business is slowing as more people have smartphones and see fewer reasons to upgrade. The company says it is working on becoming less dependent on its mobility business.
The retailer is trying to update its image and remain competitive against online and discount retailers. It is working on adding new products, including private-brand and exclusive items such as those from new partnerships.
For its second quarter, RadioShack reported on Thursday that it lost $137.4 million, or $1.35 per share, for the period ended Aug. 2. That compares with a loss of $52.2 million, or 51 cents per share, a year ago.
Stripping out certain items, loss from continuing operations was $1 per share.
Revenue dropped 22 percent to $673.8 million from $861.4 million.
Analysts surveyed by FactSet expected a loss of 66 cents per share on revenue of $735.9 million.
Magnacca said the quarter's performance was mostly hurt by the postpaid mobility business, as consumers were relatively unenthused about the current handset assortment and were waiting for announcements on new devices. There were also intense promotional efforts by wireless carriers, he added.
Sales at stores open at least a year declined 20 percent on softer traffic and the weak performance of the mobility business. This figure is a key indicator of a retailer's health because it excludes results from stores recently opened or closed.
RadioShack's shares rose 11 cents to $1.04 in morning trading Thursday. Its shares are down more than 73 percent from a year ago.
More:

M&M evaluating entry into US markets for Ssangyong unitReuters |  New Delhi Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 04:13 PM IST
M&M evaluating entry into US markets for Ssangyong unit
However, it will take up to two-and-a-half years after M&M board approval before any launches there
Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd
, India's largest utility vehicle maker, is conducting early-stage studies on selling cars in the United States made by its wholly owned South Korean unit Ssangyong Motor Co, a senior executive said.
"Right now what we are doing is very early feasibility study of which products will make sense for the US, what will it take to make those products work, whether it will be financially viable to launch in the US," Pawan Goenka, president of Mahindra's automotive and farm equipment sectors, said on Thursday.
Goenka did not say when the feasibility study, which started four to six months ago, is expected to be completed. He said that the company will look at having multiple Ssangyong products available in the United States.
"Once we have the board approve the U.S. project, then we will have to start the work," he said. It will take at least two to two and a half years after board approval before any US products can be launched, he said.
Under Mahindra's ownership, Ssangyong is investing nearly $1 billion on its product lineup as part of a strategic plan to break into the United States and Asian markets including China.
Ssangyong aims to use new models to position the South Korean brand as a value-for-money sports utility vehicle supplier, knowledgeable people close to the company say. It will target the U.S. market where Ssangyong never sold cars on its own previously.
The South Korean firm has also held talks with local Chinese automakers and other industry concerns in China to possibly begin production of Ssangyong cars in mainland China, the world's biggest auto market, they say.
"We have not made any firm plans but eventually manufacturing in China, once we get to a certain level in volume, would be something we will be looking at," Goenka said.
Ssangyong could set up a manufacturing plant in China if sales there rise to 50,000 vehicles a year, the brand's sole China agent Pang Da Automobile Trade Co Ltd said earlier this month.
Foreign automakers that want to manufacture in China must take on a local partner under the country's regulations. Pang Da does not have a manufacturing licence, but would be willing to invest in any Ssangyong joint venture, Pang Da officials have said.
This year, Ssangyong, which was acquired by Mahindra in 2011, expects sales of 20,000 vehicles in China, a more than three-fold jump from the 6,300 vehicles it sold a year ago.
In India, Mahindra plans to roll out two compact utility vehicles and a commercial vehicle in 2015 to try to regain lost customers. Its share of the utility vehicle market fell to 42 percent in 2013-14 from nearly 48 percent a year earlier.
"Right now we are sort of at the bottom of the cycle. Once we start launching we will start picking up again," Goenka said, adding the company is confident it will "undoubtedly" be able to claw back some of its lost market share after the new product launches.
 Advertisements

Vigilance Commission Seeks Power to Probe Against Bank CMDs: ReportPending Investor Complaints Against Companies Dip 16% in August
New Delhi:
The Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) has sought powers to probe corruption charges against Chairman and Managing Directors (CMDs) and Executive Directors (EDs) of public sector banks and insurance companies.
CVC has asked the Finance Ministry to incorporate relevant provisions in the rules to allow it to conduct disciplinary inquiries against CMDs and EDs, i.e. Whole Time Directors (WTDs) while in service and continuation of such probes after they demit office, official sources said.
The anti-corruption watchdog has also sought powers to initiate penal action against them, if they are found guilty of corruption, even after their retirement, they said.
At present, there is no rule to conduct investigation or disciplinary inquiry by the Commission against CMDs and EDs working in public sector banks, insurance companies and some financial institutions, the sources said.
The Commission examined the issue after it received complaints of alleged irregularities against some of these top executives, they said.
CVC observed that the existing standard terms and conditions of appointment of WTDs i.e. board level officers of public sector banks, insurance companies etc., do not have a specific provision for initiating disciplinary action while in service, the sources said.
However, CVC can take necessary disciplinary action against board-level officers in Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs). The standard terms and conditions of appointments provided by the Department of Public Enterprises allow initiation of disciplinary action against the board- level officers in CPSEs while they are in service, they said.
CVC has sought similar provision for WTDs of banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions by the Department of Financial Services (DFS), the sources said.
It wants adequate provision for continuation of proceedings against WTDs of banks and insurance companies under pension regulations after completion of their tenure as well as initiation of proceedings under pension regulation upto four years as is the case in the government, they said.
The matter is being discussed with the officials of DFS, the sources added.
Last month, Syndicate Bank CMD S K Jain was arrested by CBI for allegedly receiving a bribe of Rs 50 lakh to enhance credit limits of Bhushan Steel and Prakash Industries.
Besides, some officials of Oriental Bank of Commerce and Dena Bank are being probed for alleged misappropriating funds worth Rs 436 crore from fixed deposit customers' accounts.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 20:08 (IST)

Sudar  you should buy on dips but remember   this is a risky stock so ...Platinum Member
328 Followers
Sudar, you should buy on dips but remember , This is a risky stock so be ready for taking some risk . The lower price u buy the better it will be .
I don`t like Bliss much , SMS Pharma and Suven Life sciences look better at current rates than Bliss .It`s better to shift to them . Pix transmission has average results YoY , moreover for the past 5 years, There is no growth in its topline  .
Cooling rubber prices and growing economy should help it but I think you should switch from Pix transmissions to Dynamic Industries or Indo Borax .
Lincoln Pharma,Apollo ,HCL info and Nectar are good . Hold them .
In reply to : kiki chatterjee message
about 1 hr 27 min 38 sec ago

Twist in the tale: Sheila Dikshit backs BJP s bid to form govt in Delhi  Congress  shockedSheila Dikshit backs BJP's bid to form Delhi govt, Cong 'shocked'
PTI  New Delhi, September 11, 2014
First Published: 17:51 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:55 IST(11/9/2014)
Comments
BJP on Thursday received backing from an unexpected quarter with former chief minister Sheila Dikshit saying the party should be given an opportunity to form government as it will be good for the people of Delhi, remarks from which the Congress quickly distanced itself.
"In a democracy, elected governments are always good as they represent the people. If BJP has reached such a situation that it can form government, it is good for Delhi," Dikshit, a three-time Chief Minister of Delhi, said here.
The statement by Dikshit, who recently resigned as Governor of Kerala leading to speculation about her return to active politics, has come at a time when AAP and Congress have been accusing BJP of trying to poach MLAs to form government in Delhi.
The 76-year-old leader, who had led Congress to spectacular victories in assembly polls in Delhi in 1998, 2003 and 2009, said that MLAs, whether they are from Congress, AAP or others, do not want election.
Watch: Sheila Dikshit backs BJP
"As far as I could understand, every MLA, whether he is from Congress or AAP or others, doesn't want election. People are saying that the MLAs have just been elected and their membership has not crossed even one year. As far as I can understand and people are telling me that they (MLAs) want government to be formed." She also said that it is not clear yet how the government will be formed.
"It is yet to be seen how government is formed and what challenges will be there for a minority government. And, can they (BJP)cross this and not..it is up to them (BJP)," Dikshit said.
Dikshit, under whose leadership Congress had suffered a severe drubbing in the assembly polls in Delhi in December last year, also added, "In the absence of elected government, people don't know where they should go. And their voice is heard nowhere.
"If people's voice is heard and then it is good. If they (BJP) form government, they will have to prove majority on the floor of house...so let the government form and then decision would take place."
However, Delhi Congress immediately distanced itself from Dikshit's "shocking" statement, saying it is her personal view and doesn't represent party's stand.
"We are shocked by Sheila Dikshit's statement on government formation. It is her personal views and Congress has nothing to do with it. Our stand is very clear from day one that Congress would not let the BJP form government in the national capital," Delhi Congress' chief spokesperson Mukesh Sharma said.
Delhi BJP, however, praised Dikshit for her "straightforward" statement over current political deadlock in the national capital while the Aam Aadmi Party said that it was not surprised as "there is hardly any difference between BJP and Congress".
Delhi BJP chief Satish Upadhyay said, "She (Dikshit) is a very senior leader and ran government in Delhi for 15 years. She has experience to run government and knows constitutional norms very well.
"I praise her for her straightforward statement. She has given this statement carefully. It is not about whether a government will be formed or not, but how you are behaving in politics."
Reacting strongly to Dikshit's comment, Aam Aadmi Party senior leader Ashutosh Srivastava said, "I am not surprised by Sheila Dikshit's statement because we have been saying for a long time that there is good understanding between the BJP and the Congress... and there is hardly any difference between BJP and Congress."
The AAP leader alleged that Dikshit was giving such statement as she knows that if AAP comes to power, investigation against her in Delhi will be speeded up.
"The another reason behind her statement is that there are three FIRs against Sheila Dikshit. And if Aam Aadmi Party forms government, the investigation will be speed up.
"Then, Sheila Dikshit will have no other option but to go to jail. She is desperate to avoid going to jail and she doesn't want investigation to happen and that's why, Congress and BJP are coming together," Ashutosh  said.

D.C. regions housing market is stuck in the doldrumsBy Kathy Orton September 10 Follow @KathyOrtonWP
(Paul J. Richards/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
Lackluster. Lethargic. Stagnant. Pick your favorite adjective. All of them have been used to describe the recent state of the D.C. region’s housing market.
A report released Wednesday by RealEstate Business Intelligence , a subsidiary of MRIS, showed that sales and pending sales were down again last month. The median price was flat. The number of homes on the market declined for the first time in 10 months, and those listings took longer to sell — all signs that indicate the recovery remains stubbornly stuck in neutral.
Buyers are showing no eagerness to jump into the market despite mortgage rates floating along at yearly lows for the past couple of months. Tougher mortgage standards have kept some first-time buyers out of the market . Uncertainty about the economy has other buyers leery of making large purchases. And those home buyers who refinanced at historic low rates are reluctant to move .
There were 432 fewer sales last month compared with August 2013, a 9.3 percent decrease. It was the 10th month in the past 11 that year-over-year sales have declined. Sales volume this year is down almost 8 percent compared with the first eight months of last year, with 2,515 fewer sales than through August 2013.
Pending sales – homes that are under contract but the deals have not closed – fell by 274, a 6 percent decrease. It was the ninth month in a row of year-over-year declines.
The median price for a home in the D.C. region held steady at $415,000 last month, unchanged from August 2013. Falls Church City made a huge leap in median price, up to $825,000 from $580,000, but the 42.2 percent increase was due to the limited sample size of 15 sales that skewed the number. Prince George’s County continues to show strong price growth. Its median price rose to $235,000 from $209,000. Meanwhile, Alexandria’s median price fell to $445,000 from $476,250.
Inventory, which had been growing slowly but steadily, took a step back in August. The number of homes for sale last month — 11,177 — was down slightly from July but up significantly from August 2013, an increase of 2,876 homes, or 34.6 percent. It was the highest inventory level for August since 2011.
In most cases, homes are lingering longer on the market these days. Half of the homes sold last month took 22 or more days to sell, nearly a week longer than a year ago.

Four Ways to Move Past Perfectionism and Get Stuff DoneAre you putting off launching your online program, writing your book, getting your website ready or doing your sales copy?
Over the past few years, I've talked to hundreds of people who shared similar scenarios:
They had a dream, but they didn't want to fail. So they didn't do anything.
They said they were working on their projects, but they got stuck in the details. They wouldn't let go of their work, wouldn't let others see it, until it was absolutely perfect.
Or even worse: they wouldn't even start working on their projects because of the high expectation they had placed on themselves.
The problem is that we stop moving forward because we get stuck trying to achieve perfection.
When your creativity is held inside you, you get stagnant and start feeling disconnected from your Higher Self. When you're disconnected from your true nature - the one that creates, manifests, activates, and shares, you may start feeling sad, angry or even depressed.
Most of the time we have these feelings, because we're avoiding what we need to do. In that avoidance, we get lost.
If you are going through this situation, I want you to try something different. If anything, try it only for a day and see how it goes. It may be the start you need to break through.
Here are four tips that will help you overcome perfectionism so you can take action:
1. Make It Bad
When developing your content (product, service, website, program, screenplay, etc.) make it bad - very, very bad.
I first learned this concept while watching the movie Ruby Sparks. The protagonist of the movie was a novelist who'd had a great deal of success a decade earlier, but couldn't seem to break through into his second book. He had writer's block and couldn't live up to his own expectations.
His therapist told him to write a specific number of words daily with only one prerequisite - he was instructed to make it as bad as he could.
When the writer started applying this technique, a waterfall of creativity poured onto the paper. It was non-stop.
If you allow yourself to unleash your creativity, no matter how ugly your project turns out, you'll have overcome the hardest step of the process - getting started.
Know that you'll always have the time to make it better, so don't be afraid to make it really bad. Just let it out.
2. Work With Your Doors Closed
Stephen King shares in his book On Writing that he writes with "the doors closed," then later with "the doors open." Writing, or working with the doors closed means that when you begin the first draft of your work, you must immerse yourself fully into what you want to share with the world.
You give it your all and say what you want to say. You unleash your creativity to the fullest, as if no one was watching. In your doors closed space, you are safe.
Closing the doors is a metaphor that can be applied both in a physical way (such as working in the privacy of your room, with no distractions), and within yourself, by entering your inner place where you can be free while you work.
3. Open The Door
Once you've completed the first draft of your work, it's time to share it with a few trusted people. This is when you "open the door" and share what you've done with people you trust, who love you and who care enough for you to give you honest and constructive feedback.
This stage of opening the door is where we often get stuck. We get stuck in this stage because we want all the details to be perfectly in place before anyone sees our work. This is where you need to take a leap of faith. You need to open the door and invite others in.
It's important that the people who give you feedback be people you don't fear. If you have approval issues with your mother, then please, don't open the door with her at this stage. Ask your support community to review your work, or share your work with peers or friends who know your subject. Just make sure you feel comfortable with these people.
4. Let Go Of The Voices Of The Past
No one is going to bully you, judge you, point at you, or make fun of your creation. You may have grown up in an environment where you were judged, criticized, or felt like you were never good enough. You need to recognize that the people you choose to review your work are not going to act that way. It is time to leave the past behind and forgive those voices that once judged you. If you can forgive, you will find the freedom that you need to move forward with your life.
And last but not least, to once again echo the words of Stephen King,
"The scariest moment is always just before you start."
Maybe you're already at the stage where you need to open the doors and share your work with others. Yes, it is scary, but if you don't do it; no one will do it for you. If you need an extra boost to overcome your fears, get my free audios  " The 5 Keys to Manifesting Your Dream Life!"+"7 Steps To Overcoming What Is Stopping You From Success " for additional guidance.
It's waiting for you on the other side of the door: A life full of possibilities - lingering, ecstatic and ready to be put out into motion. All you need to do is open the door.
Now, I would love to hear from you!
If you struggle with perfectionism, are you ready to try something different?
Mercedes Maidana is a Motivational Speaker and Business and Abundance Life Coach who guides women to launch and improve their businesses, go for their dreams, and take action steps to live life to their highest potential. Continue the conversation with Mercedes and learn more about her work on Facebook and Instagram .
Follow Mercedes Maidana on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MaidanaMercedes
More:

Top colleges for producing graduates who make the world a better place$88,800
80%
Some patterns emerge from this ranking. Many of the schools are religiously-affiliated (like Loma Linda University, a Seventh-day Adventist school, and Viterbo University, a Roman Catholic school). Many are also focused on nursing and other health-related fields. And health-related majors more generally tend to produce graduates who believe they are improving mankind, according to PayScale’s 2013 data:
Majors That Change the World
Methodology
The percentage of graduates with a specific major who reported that their job makes the world a better place. See full methodology .
As with any ranking that focuses on outcomes (including salaries), what we really want to know is how much the initial inputs differed.
Most likely the kinds of students who enrolled at Loma Linda University are different than the kinds of students who enrolled at other schools, and might have ended up in careers they viewed as world-improving even if they had matriculated elsewhere. The question is, to what extent do certain colleges nudge impressionable students into — or away from — fields that make the world a better place? This kind of question results in a lot of soul-searching (and the occasional  lawsuit ) at some elite colleges, which preach world-betterment but end up shuttling students into lucrative careers that don’t seem to have much of a public-service component.
Of course, there are some career paths — mostly in the  doctors  category — that offer both high pay and high psychic rewards. And if you’re a believer in the invisible-hand theory of things, pretty much any self-interested effort is, arguably, world-improving.
Catherine Rampell is an opinion columnist at The Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410440503/1410440503000/1410440503 tracking: {authors=Catherine Rampell, blog_name=rampage, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=top-colleges-for-producing-graduates-who-make-the-world-a-better-place, post_id=721, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 1:01:43 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 1:01:43 PM

Modi govt may go for FPI in multi-brand retailComments
The National Democratic Alliance (NDA), which is opposed to foreign direct investment (FDI) in supermarkets and department stores, or so-called multi-brand retail, is considering allowing foreign portfolio investors to own even a majority stake in retail companies.
The move could attract significant investments to the country, given the size of its retail market ($518 billion according to audit and advisory firm Deloitte’s Indian arm; 8% of this is accounted for by so-called modern or organized retail) and the growth potential (the Indian retail market is expected to grow to $750-850 billion by 2015).
The move will also come as a boon to Indian retailers looking for investments as they negotiate the contours of a potentially lucrative but treacherous market.
“We’ve been anticipating this move for a while now. The clarification will give more options to foreign investors investing in India,” said Rakesh Biyani, a director at Mumbai-based retailer Future Group.
As part of its current discussions with various ministries, the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP), the nodal body that makes FDI policy, has proposed that the FDI ceiling of 51% in multi-brand retail trading be made a composite cap so that listed Indian supermarket chains can access foreign money from the capital market.
The inter-ministerial note has been floated by DIPP with approval from commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman.

On the evolutionary stringUpdated: September 11, 2014 20:21 IST
On the evolutionary string
SONIC BLISS Pandit Debashish Bhattacharya and The Calcutta Chronicles
TOPICS
music
Indian classical slide guitar maestro Pandit Debashish Bhattcharya gives his insight on how music has changed in the subcontinent
A lot can happen over coffee. And sipping the drink while chatting with legendary classical slide guitarist Pandit Debashish Bhattacharya, makes it a real treat. In Bangalore, with his new world music band The Calcutta Chronicles, the pioneer of the Hindustani slide guitar, BBC award winner and Grammy nominee, shares his journey, personal experiences and narrates stories from the Calcutta Chronicles.
Being part of a legacy with an illustrious musical lineage that goes back eight generations, the prodigy says: “The more gifts you have, the more responsibility you get. So the journey becomes more challenging with time. My ancestors used to be gurus in the courts of kings. Since then, I have seen the world change very fast and it’s scary in a way to wonder what will happen to the next generation. Will there be a listener for classical music?”
He further points out that there is hardly any community left for classical music. “I don’t believe in Hindustani and Carnatic differentiations. On the bright side, fusion is another good thing that is happening with classical music. But it needs foundation and training. Children cannot find enough vision to stick to one thing for a long time. On the whole, Indian classical music is evolving and I’m going with the flow though I don’t know which direction it is headed.”
Having started his illustrious career at the age of four, 51-year-old Debashish has being playing the slide guitar for over 30 years. He adapted and modified it to create three uniquely expressive instruments — the Chaturangui, Gandharvi and Anandi. “I have been chosen to create something for the music world. At points in my life when I needed ideas, someone ignited a spark in me. Creating a new Hindustani classical guitar and genre was not the initial plan.
Later, I saw it as an essential work to play Indian classical raga music. That is what led to the creation of three guitars that look similar but are different sonically from one another.”
He proudly says that when he started, there were hardly a handful of slide guitarists. “Today there are over 15,000 slide guitar players in India. I am hosting the biggest slide guitar festival and competition in Asia in January at the India International guitar festival to commemorate this success.”
On what inspired his band — the Calcutta Chronicles comprising Debashish on slide guitars, Subhasis Bhattacharjee on tabla and percussion, Nishad Pandey on electric guitar and Anandi Bhattacharya on vocals, he says: “When I looked back at my journey of music and my city, it displayed a great musical lineage from all genres. The first Hawaiian slide guitar band in India also came to the shores of Calcutta during World War II. The Calcutta Chronicles is the synopsis of everything Kolkata is musically. It is inspired by Indian classical sounds but has hints of all genres. I would call it the modern urbanised contemporary form of Indian classical music.”

Do not mis opportunity to accumulate tata power . target 120 with...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Indian rupee falls for 2nd day tracking weak shares  Asian unitsIndian rupee falls for 2nd day tracking weak shares, Asian units
Reuters   September 10, 2014
Comments
The Indian rupee fell for a second consecutive session on Wednesday, posting its worst back-to-back falls in more than a month, as continued worries of an earlier-than-expected rate increase by the US Federal Reserve weighed on emerging-market assets.
Domestic shares also declined for a second consecutive day, retreating from record highs hit early this week, after a paper from the San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank argued that investors could be underestimating the speed at which the US central bank might raise interest rates.
Caution is expected to prevail ahead of consumer inflation data due on Friday, which comes before the Reserve Bank of India's policy review on Sept. 30. India is also due to report trade numbers at some point this week.
"With the correction being seen in the equity market, the rupee also weakened today," said Subramaniam Sharma, director at Greenback Forex.
"However, I don't think this is a change in trend. We will continue to see the rupee hold in a 60.20 to 61.80 range in the near-term."
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.94/95 per dollar versus Tuesday's close of 60.60/61, after declining to as low as 61.04 earlier in the session, its weakest since Aug. 14.
The rupee fell 1.1 percent over Tuesday and Wednesday, marking its biggest two-day loss since declining 1.8 percent from July 31 to Aug. 1.
Still, broader losses were capped by dollar selling from exporters.
Any news on potential Fed hikes tends to have an impact on emerging markets given that the easy monetary stance from the US central bank has sparked big foreign inflows. In India, overseas funds have bought a net $32.50 billion worth of debt and shares so far this year.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.36 while the three-month was at 61.94.

Mizoram to import rice from Myanmar as rail work likely to hampersupplyPrint
Written by Adam Halliday | Aizawl | Posted: September 11, 2014 7:22 pm
One lakh quintals of rice for three main Mizoram towns including state capital Aizawl will be imported from Myanmar in view of the railway gauge conversion that is expected to hamper supplies into the landlocked state, a government statement said Thursday.
The Metals and Minerals Trading Corporation of India Ltd. (MMTC) had on Monday floated tenders to import the rice, and the tendering process is expected to be complete within the next two weeks.
The Indian Railways’ plans to convert from metre to broad-gauge the line from Lumding to Silchar in Assam is expected to hamper the supply of essential commodities into Tripura, Mizoram, Manipur and southern Assam’s Barak Valley region.
The gauge conversion is set to begin by October 1 and is expected to be complete by March next year.
The Mizoram government has said the imported rice would enter Mizoram at Zokhawthar in eastern Champhai district, and senior officials from the MMTC and the FCI have already landed there to review road conditions for the movement of trucks that would be ferrying the rice supplies.
Roughly half of the monthly 40,000-odd quintals of rice supplied to Mizoram by the FCI is currently transported by rail and the gauge conversion work would mean this would stop for at least five months and be brought in by trucks through national highways 44 and 54.
Mizoram’s monthly requirement of rice apart from the FCI supplied consignment is about 90,000 quintals.

Restaurants in DelhiSubscribe to our burrptastic newsletter
You are now subscribed to our newsletter - thank you!
FOLLOW US ON

Mutual Fund s Exposure to Bank Stocks Hits Record HighEuropean Shares Gain as Scotland Poll Eases Nerves
New Delhi: Mutual fund (MF) managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to all-time high of over Rs 56,600 crore in August, making it the seventh consecutive monthly rise in capital infusion.
According to the latest data available with Securities and Exchange Board of India, MF investments in bank stocks reached Rs 56,625 crore as on August 31, accounting for 20.10 per cent of their total equity assets under management (AUMs) of Rs 2.81 lakh crore.
Since January, MFs have been raising their exposure to banking shares.
Software was the second most preferred sector with MFs, with an exposure of Rs 29,668 crore, followed by pharma (Rs 19,394 crore), auto (Rs 17,754 crore) and finance (Rs 15,116 crore).
At current levels, the MF industry has the highest exposure to banking sector since August 2009. Data is not available for sector-wise exposure before August 2009, when the equity funds had deployed Rs 22,587 crore (12.73 per cent) in banking shares.
The previous high was in July this year when investment in the sector rose to Rs 55,086 crore.
Mutual funds are investment vehicles made up of a pool of funds collected from a large number of investors. MFs invest in stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
According to market participants, MFs have been showing interest in banking stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market.
They believe that the ongoing market rally might see mutual fund assets getting diversified.
Meanwhile, the BSE Bankex and the benchmark Sensex witnessed a surge of around three per cent in August.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in banking stocks by equity fund managers and fund infusion has grown from Rs 30,339 crore in January to Rs 56,625 crore in August.
In percentage term, exposure has risen from 16.6 per cent to 20.10 per cent during the period.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 15:05 (IST)

SCRs record freight earnings & trafficSCR’s record freight earnings & traffic
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 11:  
Driven by increased volumes of coal and cement, South Central Railway has achieved growth in both freight earnings and traffic in the first five months of the fiscal.
Its originating revenue earnings from freight traffic during April-August, grew by 14 per cent to record Rs 3,301 crore (Rs 2,895 crore), an incremental increase by Rs 406 crore over the previous year’s comparative period.
The incremental growth in physical freight loading, especially the additional tonnage of goods loaded in wagons this year vis-à-vis the same period of last year puts SCR as one of the top performers amongst all the Zones on Indian Railways.
The cumulative originating freight loading of the Zone during the period to 2014 has risen by 7 per cent, surpassing the Railway Board’s target, too. The Zone has achieved 46.5 million tonnes ( 43.5 mt) against the target of 46 mt, also higher by 3 mt over the previous year.
Major commodities, coal and cement drove the increased freight. Coal accounted for 25.2 mt (23.2 mt) and cement 12.5 mt(11.3 mt), a press release from the SCR said.
Other important drivers of the growth were the freight loading at Krishnapatnam Port at 7.7 mt (5.9 mt) of coal, imported iron ore and fertilisers. The imported iron ore is as new stream of freight traffic from JSWT (Jindal Steel). The loading of coal from Singareni Collieries also rose to 2.7 mt(2 mt).
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Apple Pay can plug retailers  data breaches  experts sayApple Pay can plug retailers' data breaches, experts say
By Craig Timberg, The Washington Post, Washington Post
Apple iPhone Johns Hopkins University Credit and Debt American Civil Liberties Union Apple iCloud The Home Depot
A decade ago, a group of Johns Hopkins University graduate students tried to hack one of the first commercially popular Near Field Communication payment systems — the kind of technology at the heart of Apple's new mobile payment system. It took a few thousand dollars in gear and a few months of work. But the system, ExxonMobil's Speedpass, was entirely hackable.
The key was reverse engineering the computer chip that broadcast the payment information for Speedpass, which allows users to buy gas by placing a key fob near sensors mounted on gas pumps. With hacking gear loaded into the back seat of an SUV, the students were able to spoof the Speedpass key fob, pull up to a local ExxonMobil station, then drive away a few minutes later with some gas. No actual key fob necessary. They also figured out a way to steal information from this and similar devices just by placing antennas a few feet away and picking up the radio signals.
"We could then just go out and buy things in your name," recalled Matthew Green, now a research professor at Johns Hopkins University who specializes in cryptography. "It was a fun project."
That may sound like a cautionary tale about the security of Apple Pay, which the company announced to fanfare on Tuesday as an efficient, secure new way to pay for a wide range of goods. But in fact, experts are excited about Apple Pay, arguing that it may herald a new era in transaction security and help end the rash of data breaches that have hit major retailers in recent years.
Why?
0
For starters, there are crucial differences between a Speedpass key fob and the iPhone that will be at the heart of Apple Pay. A key fob is dumb; it can transmit information but can't do much else. An iPhone is smart; it can transmit information but also ask its user questions, such as: Do you really want to buy $75 worth of gas? To complete the transaction, the owner of the iPhone will have to confirm payment by placing a finger on the iPhone's fingerprint reader, which comes standard on the iPhone 5S, as well the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
This two-step process, experts say, could mark a major step forward in the security of billions of dollars of transactions every day, particularly in the United States where antiquated credit card technology — long replaced in much of the world — is still the norm. Nearly all U.S. credit and debit cards carry enough information on their magnetic strips to authorize thousands of dollars in fraudulent purchases, and that information gets routinely transmitted with each transaction. This offers criminals mass hacking opportunities, as Target, Neiman Marcus, Home Depot and their customers have learned to their great dismay.
But more secure — even much more secure — is not the same as totally secure. Again, Apple offers a useful example. Security experts say iPhones are, in general, more secure than Android phones from viruses, hacks and government surveillance. But that superior security didn't stop some sleazy, tenacious criminals from finding a way to steal intimate pictures from dozens of Hollywood celebrities and post them online.
The weak point in Apple's photo security, several experts have concluded, was not the iPhones used for taking many of the pictures; instead it was Apple's iCloud service, which is both newer and, by many accounts, less secure than the iPhone itself. (Apple denies that any of its systems were breached.)
So what is the weak point in Apple Pay? Again, the iPhone itself has a strong set of security systems. The same may not be true of your thumb. People leave fingerprints everywhere, especially on the glass surfaces of their smartphones. Could somebody steal your thumb print and verify a purchase on Apple Pay without the actual iPhone's owner knowing?
The idea is not a new one.
A year ago, in the days before Apple announced its iPhone 5S, the first to come with a fingerprint reader, a group of security experts anticipating the new feature held an informal competition to crack it. Through a website, http://www.istouchidhackedyet.com , they solicited thousands of dollars of pledges — including significant numbers of Bitcoins and at least one bottle of whiskey — to whomever could defeat the new fingerprint reader.
About two weeks later, a man calling himself "Starburg" from Germany's famous hacker consortium, the Chaos Computer Club, submitted a short video that looks like something out of "Mission Impossible." It starts with a scanner getting a digital image of a fingerprint left on the glass of an iPhone. Starbug then, in a several-step process, makes a metal plate containing the image and uses a bit of wood glue to turn the print into a dry but flexible blob capable of tricking the iPhone's fingerprint reader.
But there is another security element at play too. Green and his fellow grad students had to decode the cryptography used in the Speedpass in order to spoof the key fob and buy gas at ExxonMobil. That was relatively easy back in the days when commercial cryptography often relied on easily cracked codes, at just 40 bits long. The current standard is 128 bits and sometimes more — making the hacker's job harder. (Speedpass has upped its game as well, now requiring users in many areas to verify purchases by entering their Zip codes.)
So, in theory anyway, a person capable of getting close to your iPhone could potentially spoof the radio signal and crack the cryptography. Or, if you are not careful about keeping your passcode private, that same person could take your iPhone, enter the passcode and initiate a transaction that way. In either scenario, a dummy fingerprint could then verify the transaction.
Possible? Yes. Plausible? We'll see.
Either way, it's unlikely to be done on a mass scale, as today's credit card hacks are.
"It's likely this Apple Pay thing isn't bulletproof," said Christopher Soghoian, a security expert and principal technologist for the American Civil Liberties Union. "But it's still a million times better than what we have now."

Just how scared is the dumb watch industry of Apple WatchBy Drew Harwell September 10 at 4:33 PM Follow @drewharwell
Just how scared is the watch industry of Apple’s new smartwatch?
On Tuesday, when the tech giant unveiled the Apple Watch, its sleek, futuristic timepiece selling for $349 early next year, it roared into a sleepy smartwatch industry dominated by niche devices, most of which had underwhelmed. Although late to the party, Apple has already proven it can upend entire industries: Look what its iPhones and iPads did for cellphones and tablets. Now watchers of the big watchmakers are beginning to worry that the good times for “dumb” watches are running out.
Shares of major watchmakers Fossil, Movado and Swatch tumbled after Apple’s debut. Since January,  Swatch has lost nearly 17 percent of its value, or about $5.9 billion , as investors worried over its once-legendary Swiss brand. And analysts for Fossil, which owns brands such as Burberry, Skagen and Michael Kors, said they’ve grown “increasingly concerned” over the avalanche of Apple’s gadget hype.
“We cannot overlook what is increasingly becoming a major disruption to the entire watch industry,” Barclays analysts wrote in a Wednesday note titled “Fossil, Inc.: Watch Out.” “Future innovation at Fossil … will largely be challenged by hype and innovative offerings from deep pocket technology-credible competitors such as Apple, Samsung and Motorola.”
Market analysts believe Apple could sell anywhere from 10 million to 60 million  smartwatches, which, according to estimates from Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster, would virtually steamroll the 3 million smartwatches companies like Google and Pebble have sold so far. Forrester Research analyst James McQuivey predicted it would be one of Apple’s “most important and brand-reinforcing launches in years.”
Apple has already begun to take a bit of a victory lap, believing itself firmly ahead of the competition: In a subtle Easter egg, promotional photos show the Apple Watch set to one minute before 10:10, the  industry standard  time watchmakers set their device to in ads. (The hour and minute hands frame the logo, and look a bit like a smiley face.) According to the New York Times,  Apple’s design chief, Jony Ive, reportedly said that Switzerland, the world capital of watchmaking, was is in trouble — “though he chose a much bolder term for ‘trouble.’”
Watchmakers have so far waved off the threat, saying buyers will continue to turn to their timepieces as jewelry, accessories or status symbols. Speaking in Zurich on Wednesday, Swatch chief executive Nick Hayek said he was “not nervous,” according to Tages Anzeiger, a Swiss newspaper. Bulova president Gregory Thumm told MarketWatch , “Wearing a wristwatch is much less about timekeeping than it is a cultural phenomenon.”
The death of the wristwatch has been predicted before, when cellphones first became ubiquitous, but the industry has proven surprisingly hard to quash. Watches are selling better in the United States than they have in years, having climbed back from the recession with several years of rapid growth, research firm Euromonitor International said . And mechanical watches, which are often less accurate but more stylish than their quartz counterparts, accounted for a growing chunk of the $8.2 billion in watches sold in the United States last year.
Yet those steady results haven’t proven strong enough to keep investors from jumping ship. Fossil logged $3.2 billion in global sales last year, more than double what it sold in 2009, and booms in Europe and Asia have helped sales grow 11 percent through the first half  of the year. But investors have responded mostly by fleeing, sending Fossil shares sliding 13 percent since the year began.
It’s not just Apple’s new addition that’s causing the concern. Smartwatches are quickly evolving past the chunky nerd infamy that blocked them from gaining mainstream acclaim. The software that powers the watches, such as Google’s Android Wear, is becoming sleeker and easier to use, and the hardware is improving with more fashionable builds, smoother response time and features like pedometers and heart-rate monitors. When Motorola launched its $250 Moto 360 last week, the round-faced smartwatch — the first to actually look like, well, a watch — sold out in less than a day.
Fossil tried to stem the tide last week by announcing, ahead of Apple’s unveiling, that it would launch  a partnership with Intel to “develop the next innovation in the emerging wearable technology space.” That built on the firm’s announcement earlier this year that it planned to work with Google to help develop Android Wear.
But others have argued Apple’s push will draw in more new-tech adopters than the upper crust.  Analysts at Euromonitor said  smartwatches would compete less with the established fashion brands and more with cheap digital watches, already one of the “smallest and slowest-growing” type of watches on the market.
Luxury watch makers have enjoyed decades as a mostly unchecked status symbol for the affluent, allowing them the ability to charge ever-increasing prices for pretty much the same watch. Rolex’s emblematic Submariner, a diving watch that sold in the 1950s for $150, now sells for $7,500 — six times more than it would have if it had followed inflation trends.
The Rolex Submariner watch has vastly outpaced inflation. (Source: A Blog to Watch)
But as smartwatches become better at doing more and more, analysts say it might not just be watchmakers who should worry. The Apple Watch “should help the entire industry grow, but that doesn’t mean there’s zero cannibalization,” said Erinn Murphy, a senior research analyst with Piper Jaffray Investment Research.
“Does it cannibalize sales of (GPS maker) Garmin? Sales of early Samsung watches? Some of the tech-oriented watches that are tracking fitness? Does it cannibalize an iPad? The functionality level evolves, so could this replace something else that’s more tech-oriented — even more than just a watch?”
Drew Harwell is a business general assignment reporter at The Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410381217/1410381217000/1410381217 tracking: {authors=Drew Harwell, blog_name=business, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=just-how-scared-is-the-dumb-watch-industry-of-apple-watch, post_id=1787, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 8:33:37 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 8:33:37 PM

Oil Hits Two-year Low Below $97 as Supplies BuildGold Rebounds on Low-level Buying, Global Cues
London:
Brent crude dropped to a two-year low below $97 a barrel on Thursday, falling for a sixth straight session as worries over mounting supply and weak demand outweighed concerns that conflicts in the Middle East could curb oil production.
North Sea crude oil hit a high above $115 in June as Islamist insurgents swept across northern Iraq, taking control of several oilfields, but prices have now fallen more than 15 percent from their highs as supply from other countries has increased much faster than demand.
The West's energy watchdog said on Thursday slowing global economic growth, particularly in China and Europe, had curbed oil demand severely at a time when supplies were growing steadily, particularly from North America.
"The recent slowdown in demand growth is nothing short of remarkable," the International Energy Agency (IEA) said in a monthly report, cutting its oil demand growth projections for 2014 and 2015.
Brent for October fell $1.32 to a low of $96.72 a barrel, its weakest since July 2012, before recovering slightly to trade around $96.90 by 1121 GMT, after closing down $1.12 in the previous session.
US crude was down $1.14 at $90.53 a barrel.
The IEA expects non-OPEC supply to expand by 1.6 million barrels per day (bpd) in 2014, and by another 1.3 million bpd in 2015, thanks mainly to the North American shale oil boom.
That means the world will need less oil from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, and the IEA cut its estimate of demand for OPEC crude and stocks for 2015 by 300,000 bpd to 29.6 million bpd.
In August, OPEC pumped 30.31 million bpd.
OPEC has also cut its estimates of demand for its own crude this year and the next, pointing to a surplus of more than 1 million bpd in 2015 if the group keeps output at current levels.
VTB Capital oil strategist Andrey Kryuchenkov said oil prices had been undermined by a surplus of oil in the Atlantic Basin and an easing of tensions in Ukraine, which had raised concerns over the future of Russian oil supplies.
"The Atlantic Basin supply glut is still weighing on sentiment, made worse by the uneasy truce in Ukraine," Kryuchenkov said. "Demand concerns could take some time to dissipate."
But geopolitical worries remain a serious concern.
President Barack Obama told Americans on Wednesday he had authorised US airstrikes for the first time in Syria and more attacks in Iraq in a broad escalation of a campaign against the Islamic State militant group.
Iraq is OPEC's second-biggest oil producer and exporter and investors are concerned about the potential impact on supplies, although Iraq's oil industry has so far remained largely unaffected by the turmoil in the north of the country.
Underlining the global oil surplus, data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration on Wednesday showed an increase in some US oil product inventories.
Stocks of gasoline and distillates jumped by 2.4 million and 4.1 million barrels respectively in the week to Sept. 5, compared with analysts' expectations of a 157,000-barrel drop for gasoline and a 571,000-barrel increase for distillates, EIA data showed.
US crude oil stocks fell by 972,000 barrels last week, smaller than analysts' projections for a drop of 1.1 million barrels..
Libya could amplify the oversupply concerns after Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thinni said oil production was expected to rise to 1 million bpd in October.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

How The Post covered Princess Dis baby bump number two #TBTEven more  surreal estate ,  Party Diary  and  Love, etc : Sign up for  The Reliable Source newsletter . And follow us on  Facebook  and  Twitter .
The Reliable Source
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410433250/1410433250000/1410433250 tracking: {authors=Erin C.J. Robertson, blog_name=reliable-source, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=how-the-post-covered-princess-dis-baby-bump-number-two-tbt, post_id=26379, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 11:00:50 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 11:00:50 AM

$100 bn investment likely in renewable energ...$100 billion investment likely in renewable energy in 4 years: Piyush Goyal
By PTI | 11 Sep, 2014, 08.51PM IST
0
Share More
The government is working on a renewable energy policy to attract investments in the space by providing tax breaks and cheaper loans.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The government is expecting $ 100 billion investment in the renewable energy sector in the next four years as it firms up a new policy framework for the same.
"We expect $ 100 billion in the renewable energy sector in the next four years," Power, Coal and Renewable Energy Minister Piyush Goyal said today at Economist India summit.
He also said the government expects $ 50-60 billion investment in power transmission and distribution in the next four years.
The government is working on a renewable energy policy to attract investments in the space by providing tax breaks and cheaper loans.
The Power Ministry is focused on providing 24x7 electricity to households in the next five years.
Commenting on demand for imposing anti-dumping duty on solar panels at another event, he said: "We had ambitious plans in the solar power sector. Imposition of anti-dumping duty will kill the solar mission.
"Imposition of any such duty would have led to escalation in the tariff from solar plants," Goyal said at another event today.
He said domestic solar panel manufacturers have 'suo-moto' withdrawn their plea for such a duty.
Imports were necessary as the domestic manufacturing had not scaled up to a level wherein it could provide the required number for solar mission, he said.
"We ensured within the framework of WTO to provide adequate support to not only fulfil the current manufacturing potential but also plan for a five year significant ramp up from what they (domestic manufactures) have now, " Goyal added.
The Minister had earlier said domestic solar equipment manufacturing capacity of 700-800 MW is not sufficient to meet the government's ambitious plans of adding more power generation capacity through renewable energy sources.
The country's current installed solar capacity exceeds 2,600 MW.
Earlier in May, the Ministry of Commerce under the UPA regime had recommended imposing a restrictive duty in the range of $ 0.11-0.81 per watt on solar cells imported from the US, China, Malaysia and Chinese Taipei in a move to protect the struggling domestic industry.
The recommendations were against the backdrop of US dragging India to the WTO ( World Trade Organisation ) with respect to domestic sourcing norms for the national solar mission.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Philipcarb is showing strength today  one of the top gainers today  13...Chief of Bureau, CNBC-TV18 Mumbai
2364
Financial Markets Anchor & Research Analyst
12587
Head - Research
2561
FMC pushes for NSEL-FTIL merger. Jaitley`s Fin Min says yes but his MCA says no. Merger yes or no?
Yes

Supermarket wars take toll on MorrisonSeptember 11, 2014 7:58 am
Morrison profits halve as supermarket price war takes toll
By Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/149f71b8-397b-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Delhi Metro scam: UK firm under scannerComments
Britain’s Serious Fraud Office (SFO) on Tuesday placed charges in court against engineering major Alstom Network UK Ltd related to bribing officials and agents of the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation to the tune of over 3 million euros to secure contracts.
 
The hearing in the case, which began in the Westminster Magistrates' Court, will have its next hearing in the Southwark Crown Court on 6 October.
 
Of the six charges filed against the company in court, two relate to the DMRC contract, and the rest to its activities in Poland and Tunisia.
 
The SFO charge is that certain directors of Alstom “did corruptly give or agree to give payments to an official or officials or other agents” of the DMRC to secure the contracts between 1 August 2000 and 9 August 2006.
The charge mentions two specific examples: “The sum of Rs. 19,895,000 disguised as payments in respect of a Consultancy Agreement with Indo European Ventures Pte Ltd dated 12th September 2001 and, and the sum of €3,131,600 disguised as a payment in respect of a Consultancy Agreement with Global King Technology Ltd dated 3rd May 2002”.
 
These payments, according to SFO, were intended to be “inducements or rewards for showing favour to the Alstom Group in relation to the award or performance” of a DMRC contract for a Train Control, Signalling and Telecommunications System for the Delhi Metro Phase 1 (‘SYS 1’).
 
This constitues two offences under section 1 of the Prevention of Corruption Act 1906, and under section 1 of the Criminal Law Act 1977.
Meanwhile, a senior urban development ministry official told HT, "We are not aware of the charges leveled by the Britain's Serious Fraud Office against Alstom for bribing Delhi Metro to win contracts. Nothing has been communicated to us so far. We will take a view once we get something in writing from either the home ministry or the CBI."
When contacted, the DMRC also refused to comment saying that they were not aware of the development.  

Dell launches new Vostro 15 3000 SerieslaptopsThe Vostro 15 3000 Series starts at price of Rs. 30,090, which comes with Intel Celeron 2957U processor, 4GB RAM, 500 GB HDD and runs on Windows 8.1 OS.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 7:34 pm
Dell has introduced its new Vostro 15 3000 Series laptops for small business and professionals.  The new Vostro 15 3000 Series comes with a 15.6-inch screen and runs on 4th generation Intel ultra-low voltage processor with up to Core i5 performance and Intel Turbo Boost technology.
The Vostro 15 3000 Series starts at price of Rs. 30,090, which comes with Intel Celeron 2957U processor,  4GB RAM, 500 GB HDD and runs on Windows 8.1 OS.
For graphics-rich applications and uninterrupted multi-tasking performance, customers can opt for built-in discrete graphics from NVIDIA with up to 2 GB memory for a performance boost. Fitted with a textured cover in grey wave pattern, the laptops weighs around 2.38 kilograms.
Key specs:
Processor Options: Intel 4th Generation Core i3-4005U, i3-4030U, i5-4210U and Intel Celeron 2957U
Display: 15.6-inch HD Wide Screen LED Anti-Glare Display (1366×768) 720p
OS Options: Windows 8.1 Pro 64bit, Windows 8.1 Pro China 64bit, Windows 8.1 64bit , Windows 8.1 for emerging markets, Ubuntu
System Memory: Up to 8 GB, 1600MHz DDR3L SoDIMM
Graphics Options: Intel HD Graphics and Intel HD Graphic 4400, NVIDIA 820M with 2GB DDR3L
Battery: 4-cell Cylindrical Lithium Ion battery (40WHr)
Primary Storage Options: 500GB or 1TB 5400RPM SATA Hard Drive
Integrated Wired: Gigabit Ethernet network
Wireless LAN: 802.11 b/g/n and Bluetooth v4.0 Combo
Wireless display support by Miracast in Win8.1
Integrated stereo speakers (2W x 2)
HD Audio enhanced with Wave MaxxAudio software
Integrated 720HD (1.0MP) camera with microphones
Optical Drive Option: Built-in 9.5 inch SATA tray load 8X DVD+/-RW
VGA out, RJ-45, Power, headphone/Microphone combo jack , (1) USB 3.0, (2) USB 2.0
SD Card Reader

Sun Pharma falls 6% as USFDA inspects Halol unitSun Pharma falls 6% as USFDA inspects Halol unit; facility contributes 40% of US sales
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 11 Sep, 2014, 01.44PM IST
MUMBAI: Shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals were under selling pressure following reports of a surprise inspection by USFDA officials at its Halol unit.
According to reports, the surprise inspection could be due to increased number of recalls from the plant.
Sun Pharma recently recalled 40,000 bottles of Venlafaxine Hydrochloride extended-release tablets, Gemcitabine and Metformin. All these products are manufactured at its Halol facility.
The facility is important for the company as its contributes to around 40 per cent of US sales and around 25 per cent of consolidated profit of the company.
"Going forward, after the merger with Ranbaxy Labs, its dependence on the region would reduce to around 45 per cent of the expected sales in FY2016. Thus the share of the plant in the overall sales would reduce going forward (expected to be around 10% of sales in FY2016), while profitability could be impacted, given low profitability of Ranbaxy," said Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP Research - Pharma, Angel Broking.
"In case of any adverse impact the company could witness a dip of around 15 per cent from these levels. As of now we maintain a neutral view," Nangra added.
At 01:20 p.m.; the stock was at Rs 822.50, down 4.32 per cent, on the BSE . It fell 6 per cent intraday to touch a low of Rs 808.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

In search of a new model© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/05030076-47b5-11e2-a899-00144feab49a.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

LVMH explores the layers below luxurySeptember 10, 2014 3:13 pm
LVMH explores the layers below luxury
By Jeremy Grant
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a1b1c520-2ead-11e4-bffa-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chicago Growth Partners bets on 2Checkout   big trends  in e-commerce0
“You've got to play the big trends, and e-commerce isn't going away,” said CGP Managing Partner Devin Mathews. “In fact, we think it's only in the second inning.”
The investment from CGP and the Chicago entrepreneurs now at the helm underscore the possibilities Chicago investors are finding in financial technology and e-commerce.
It also highlights the challenges 2Checkout's new leadership team members say they are eager to tackle as they guide a profitable company out of crowded domestic competition and into a booming overseas market that is as underserved as it is complex.
Success means serving small merchants in developing countries, with the attendant concerns of payment security, data verification, multiple regulations and several currencies.
“It's about as complicated as it gets,” said Mathews who, with CGP Principal Ryan Milligan, sits on the board of 2Checkout. But he added the possibilities are intriguing. “We really like FinTech,” he said. So does Chicago.
But many of the city’s recent financial technology explorations have come in online payments, with a list that includes Groupon, Braintree, PayPal and this summer's investment from CGP and Trident Capital in 2Checkout.
Chicago Growth Partners was part of William Blair & Co. until operating independently beginning in 2004 as CGP, which manages a portfolio that includes three dozen companies.
The company plays its track record close to the vest, but its exits include health care investments such as branded generic marketer DJ Pharma, bought by Biovail in 2000 for $212.5 million; industrial technology, including Airpax, bought by Sensata Technologies in 2007 for $276 million; and education, including the $290 million sale of U.S. Education Corporation to Devry in 2010 and the sale this spring of campus alert technology company SchoolMessenger.
Mathews says the company has made more than 100 investments in 20 years and returned more than $1 billion to investors.
One of the things CGP looks for in an acquisition is whether founders are willing to let outsiders build their already profitable company even bigger, in exchange for an equity stake. Enter 2Checkout, founded by Alan Homewood in 1999 and bootstrapped for years. The company in April announced a $60 million investment round from Chicago Growth Partners and Trident Capital, along with financial participation from management and other individuals.
The company serves more than 22,000 merchants worldwide, and it says it adapts to local languages, currencies and payment methods. To succeed, Harper said the company must assure payers that merchants are who they say they are, back up transactions to mitigate risks and be creative in how it blends 2Checkout's software with what merchants use.
It's an attractive mix for Budde, Weinberg and Harper, who are learning the intricacies of taking the reigns of an established company after years of building financial technology startups from the ground up.
“We're starting with something that has interesting advantages,” Harper said. “I think we can build one of the greatest payment companies in the world based on this ... But it's going to be hard charging getting there.”

NSEL refutes FMC charges on slow recovery processNSEL refutes FMC charges on slow recovery process
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 10:  
The embattled National Spot Exchange has refuted commodity market regulator Forward Markets Commission’s observation on the slow process of recovery from defaulters.
In a response to FMC comment, Saji Cherian, Managing Director & CEO, NSEL said that the presence of brokers in the Monitoring and Auction Committee, which was wound by the regulator recently, resulted in conflict of interest as the committee was overseeing the recovery.
Incidentally, the investigating agencies are examining the role of brokers in the Rs 5,600-crore trade settlement default in the exchange, said NSEL.
NSEL believes that if FMC exercises the authority vested in it by the Government of India Gazette notification dated August 6, 2013 and takes such measures as it deems fit against the defaulting members, it will enhance the recovery efforts.
The exchange till date distributed to clients Rs 540 crore which includes Rs 179.25 crore raised through bridge loan from the promoter Financial Technologies. This has benefited 12,735 trading clients. Further, 33,000 e-series investors have received Rs 296.43 crore, which accounts for 98.6 per cent of total value of e-series metal contract.
NSEL has filed five arbitration petitions in Bombay High Court, 27 applications in Maharashtra Protection of Interest of Depositors court and 30 complaints with the Magistrate Court with regards to cheque bouncing case. The bourse has also filed 20 complaints in Economic Offences Wing of Mumbai Police which have not yet been registered as FIR.
The directors of Financial Technologies have approved financial support to the exchange for administrative expenses, including cost of recovery measures such as advertisements, legal cases and technology support. FMC was apprised of the recovery efforts undertaken through detailed weekly report. NSEL has adequate staff strength and expert human resources to assist in recovery, it said.
At the current stage the recovery is led by the Court, Competent Authority and Court-appointed committee. Nevertheless, the exchange is committed towards the process of recovery, it added.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

British Asians let themselves down by booing MoeenMoeen Ali was booed by spectators in Birmingham during the India-England series (Source: AP)
Written by Harsha Bhogle | Posted: September 11, 2014 2:21 am | Updated: September 11, 2014 10:15 am
Some years ago Nasser Hussain had asked after an England-India game, it might have been at Birmingham or Bristol, which the home team was. It might have been partly in jest but Nasser, as captain of the home side, was entitled to be irritated. The support for his England side was minimal and the cheers, and the music, had carried a distinct Indian flavour, if not an Indian accent. It wasn’t, however, unknown in England, a country that has been more open to, and more accepting of, foreign cultures than most. The celebration after India’s first Test win in 1971 and the World Cup win in 1983 was very Indian and footage from the seventies shows migrants from the Caribbean settled in England openly, and most eye-catchingly, supporting the West Indies.
Last month, in response to the booing of Ravindra Jadeja by English supporters , the British Asians in the crowd openly booed Jimmy Anderson. I thought, at the time, it was wrong because I wondered how Indians would have accepted the booing of Dhoni in Delhi by, say, a foreigner who had embraced Indian citizenship. But when I went down to do our post game show by the boundary rope, I discovered that it was all in jest. Most of the people booing were smiling and there was completely acceptable banter in the stands. They were amusing themselves and as long as that was all it was, it was fine.
But whether Jadeja should have been booed in the first place is a different issue because he had done no wrong. I thought the ECB did itself no credit by not disciplining Anderson in the first place. What he had said, and which an umpire had reported, was way beyond banter, it was pretty filthy abuse and the ECB as the custodian of the game, should have clamped down on it right away. Sadly sometimes, in trying to be seen not to be conceding territory, cricket boards take decisions that harm the game. If the bowling of Anderson was the highest point of the Test series, his abuse and the tolerance of it by the authorities, was the lowest point. Young bowlers must learn to swing the ball like Anderson, not believe that abuse is an inherent ingredient of that skill.
I mention the Anderson issue because I believe it was the booing of Jadeja and Anderson that culminated in the booing of Moeen Ali and Ravi Bopara. But by targeting those two, the crowds made it clear that the act was no longer in jest, it wasn’t the crowd equivalent of banter, and that is why it was terribly poor. By continued…

US Stocks Open Lower  Led by Drop in Energy StocksToday marks the 13th anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon in 2001, which...
Chang W. Lee/The New York Times/AP Photo
2
People are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
3

Back-to-back solar flares prompt strong geomagnetic storm watchBack-to-back solar flares prompt strong geomagnetic storm watch
By Angela Fritz
Comments
An intense, X-class solar flare occurred on Wednesday afternoon, originating from Active Region 2158. This is the second solar flare in two days from AR2158, and the associated magnetic cloud could provide an intense aurora shows on Thursday and Friday. (NASA)
A strong geomagnetic storm is on its way to Earth this week after two solar flares erupted from a sunspot region pointed almost directly at Earth. The second of the two was a low-end X-class flare — the most intense type of flare on the classification scale.
After Tuesday’s minor solar fare from sunspot region AR 2158, the same location emitted an X1.6-class flare on Wednesday, prompting the NOAA’s  Space Weather Prediction Center to up their forecasts for the geomagnetic storm expected to arrive here on Earth on Friday. A G2 geomagnetic storm watch is in effect for Friday, and a more intense, G3 storm watch is in effect for Saturday, due to the combined effects of the two coronal mass ejections (CMEs).
Animation of the expanding magnetic cloud from the X1.6-class solar flare on Wednesday afternoon. (NASA, Solar and Heliospheric Observatory/spaceweather.com)
Geomagnetic storms of this magnitude are not uncommon, but the current solar cycle, in which we are near the maximum, has been relatively quiet. Tom Berger, director of the Space Weather Prediction Center, estimates that a G3-level storm occurs about once a month in the more active, 11-year solar cycles.
However, space weather forecasters were intrigued by the location of these solar flares. “What’s unusual about this event is that the sunspot group producing the flares is right in the middle of the sun,” Berger says. “This is the first time in a while that we’ve had an active sunspot group pointed almost directly at Earth produce two successive major events.”
While the active region is close to the center of the sun, it’s off by just enough that Earth isn’t going to experience the full force of these ejections. Instead, they are expected to brush mostly to the north, or above, Earth, meaning we will endure only a portion of the solar blast.
Related: Are we ready for the potentially disastrous impacts of space weather?
Impacts from the geomagnetic storms are expected to begin on Thursday night as the first wave of CME arrives. While high frequency radio transmissions in aircraft will likely be impacted, scientists do not expect any other major infrastructure effects, like power grid perturbations or satellite anomalies.
Of course, there will be an enhanced aurora in the northern states, “Montana, Wyoming, and of course the far northeast states like Vermont and New Hampshire. It could be seen as far south as New York,” says Berger. The aurora activity will begin on Thursday night, and will last into Friday night, as well.
While the SWPC is expecting strong storming at the most, Berger says they could be surprised. “This is an inexact field. Scientists are still very active in trying to understand the physics of these things.”
Angela Fritz is the Deputy Weather Editor for the Washington Post. She holds a B.S.  degree in meteorology from Valparaiso University and an M.S. in Earth and Atmospheric Science from the Georgia Institute of Technology.

My Conversation With Robin Sharmareddit
I was honored to be able to spend time talking one on one with one of my biggest idols and mentors this week, Robin Sharma. The author of countless books on achievement and success, such as the bestselling The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari and The Leader Who Had No Title, Robin Sharma is recognized as one of the world's leading authors, speakers and leadership coaches. Personally, his work has had an enormous impact on my own life. Without his mentoring through his books, videos, audio programs and webinars, I would not have been able to build my own company as successfully as I have. In particular, his books The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari, Who Will Cry When You Die and The Greatness Guide have been a huge asset in my personal development.
This week Robin was kind enough to take time out of his intensely demanding speaking and travel schedule to talk to me about personal development, goals and success. Not only did Robin provide immense value to me (and hopefully, you) in our conversation, but I also had the privilege of asking him many questions that have been on my mind since reading his books. Here is our discussion.
RL: You teach often about having a 1 page plan. Can you talk a little about what this is and what it comprises?
RS: Clarity is the mother of mastery. The one page plan shows what your top 5 priorities are for the year, 5 years, 10 years and lifetime. These are your Big 5s. They give your brain something to focus on in order to see opportunities that you would otherwise miss. It allows you to focus on what is most important to create your life.
RL: How often do you review your one page plan? Is it better to re-read your goals every morning or rewrite them?
RS: I review it every morning. Rewriting goals is very powerful. Research has found that the part of brain connected to writing is also connected to motor activity. So by writing your goals, you are setting up the motor part of your brain to execute what is important to your life.
RL: One of the habits you write about is journaling. What's the best way to keep a journal? What should we be writing in our journals?
RS: I've tried journaling apps on iPhone, but I always come back to a leather bound journal with 200 pages. I journal during my holy hour every morning which is 5-6 a.m. I write about where I'm at, what i want this year to look like, what's most important in my life, my values, what I'm feeling and thinking, and where I want to go. Everyday is something different.
RL: Another habit you feel strongly about is exercise. Is it more effective to exercise in the morning or at night for maximum energy?
RS: 5-6 a.m. is all about practicing so that you perform at world class all day long. I use a 20-20-20 system. The first 20 minutes of my morning I exercise, the next 20 minutes I am working on my one page plan and the next 20 minutes I am reading and listening to great audio programs. When you exercise you are releasing dopamine and serotonin, so by doing it in morning, you are kickstarting your brain to give yourself more focus, more stamina and to help you stay relaxed and motivated throughout the day.
RL: Do you meditate often and what is the best way to meditate?
RS: Not everyday, but this morning I meditated for 45 minutes. You need to train your brain to be focused and more creative.
RL: What is your own most important habit that you do every single day without fail?
RS: Journaling. It builds gratitude, which releases dopamine and gives energy. Also, having a schedule is an important habit. What gets scheduled gets done. It's also critical to have some form of learning every single day.
RL: How do you stay focused on a mindset of gratitude and abundance even when the pressure is on and you are under duress?
RS: That's a good question. It's all practice. The calmest and highest performers are not naturally blessed. It takes endless practice and discipline daily when no one is watching. This is what your holy hour is for 5-6 a.m. everyday. It builds a quiet, strong, grateful center during stress.
RL: How many books do you read per month?
RS: 5 at any one time, I love audio books.
RL: What is your favorite book of all time?
RS: The Prophet, As A Man Thinketh,  Think and Grow Rich, The Optimist. Reading is so important because it's how you condition your inside story and everything in your world reflects your inside story.
RL: What is your favorite book that you have written?
RS: The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari and The Leader Who Had No Title.
RL: What is your favorite audio program that you have made?
RS: The Greatness Guide
RL: What is a day in the life of Robin Sharma like?
RS: There is no typical day. In July I was on a speaking tour through Africa so I was on the platform a lot of the time. Today I got up, did my routine, my kids and wife were busy, I spent the whole morning writing and working on my upcoming Titan Summit. To generalize, Mondays and Wednesdays are my administrative days, Tuesdays and Thursdays are my creative days for writing and creating content, and Fridays are my learning days. I spend a lot of time with my family.
RL: At the end of the day when you are reflecting on the impact you made that day, what are the best questions you can ask yourself to reflect?
RS:  What were 3 micro wins today?
What am I grateful for this day?
What 3 things can I do tomorrow to be better than today?
RL: What do you want your legacy to be?
RS: When I wrote Who Will Cry When You Die, I wrote a lot about making your mark on the world. I don't care so much about legacy anymore because in a way, legacy smacks of ego. Who really cares how people remember you. Focus on using your time while you're alive to make things happen and to be of service. I want my kids to remember me as a big dreamer, someone who was devoted and encouraging.
RL: What is the one piece of advice you would give to entrepreneurs with big dreams?
RS: Have faith in your dream and yourself when no one else in the world does. The #1 defining factor in success is grit. Protect your belief in that idea when everyone laughs at it.
Follow Richard Lorenzen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/rlorenzen
More:

9/11 Ceremony at World Trade CenterSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
White House Press Briefing
COMING UP - US State Department Briefing
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

IDFC shares surge 5 per cent post share saleIDFC shares surge 5 per cent post share sale
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 13:36 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of finance company IDFC gained 5 per cent after it launched up a share sale worth up to $164 million on Wednesday.
Market traders continue to expect the infrastructure financing norms of Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to aid company's return ratios.
Shares of the scrip were trading at Rs 149.50 a piece, up 4.55 points, or 3.14 per cent, at the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) at 1:28 pm.
(Reuters)

A company that aims to  empower people to be as smart as a hotel0
The platform is already running in San Francisco, Seattle, Boston, Miami and Austin, Texas, Kitchell said. The company has been quietly offering it to selected Chicago users for the past few weeks and is rolling out more broadly this week, mostly spreading the word on social media and through direct sales to property managers, he said.
The company plans to make the platform available on rental sites other than Airbnb, said Morgan Solem, Beyond Pricing’s director of customer success.
So-called room “sharing” sites have become increasingly popular, ever since Airbnb’s 2008 founding. Airbnb allows individual property owners to rent unused rooms, entire homes or apartments. The website lists more than 1,000 Chicago properties.
Chicago resident James Friedkin says he rents out eight units in Chicago, mostly on HomeAway. He said he has been testing the Beyond Payments program for a few weeks and likes what he sees. He said no other company he's aware of does the kind of real-time analysis of market data needed to adjust prices to maximize revenue. He said he has tested the system on a limited basis and is looking forward to hearing more details, including costs of the complete service.
Beyond Pricing's Kitchell said his company "started as a management company, and pricing was one aspect of it,” he said.
The founders quickly realized that “our expertise is pricing,” and they began developing the Beyond Pricing software, which rolled out in San Francisco 10 weeks ago, Kitchell said.
The company employs “freemium” pricing, which allows users to try a basic version for free. Customers can log onto the site and see pricing recommendations for their property, which they can choose to implement on their own. Ultimately, Solem said, the company believes people will pay for a more comprehensive package, which automatically adjusts prices daily.
“We want to give people time to see that dynamic pricing works,” he said.

Sales of annuities fall by a thirdSeptember 11, 2014 2:19 pm
Annuity sales fall by a third after changes to pension rules
By Josephine Cumbo, Pensions Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a19d731a-39aa-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Whats brewing: Coffee exporter CCL Products looks strong after 155% rallyET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: CCL Products, an exporter of coffee, has had a stellar rally in 2014. Year-to-date, the stock has surged over 155 per cent and if analysts are to be believed, the rally is likely to continue for the next couple of years.
In the same period, competitor Tata Coffee has given flat-to-negative return of 4 per cent. So what's been the key driver for CCL Products sharp rally?
CCL's expansion into Vietnam will benefit from proximity to raw materials as well as Vietnam's preferential trade agreements with South-East Asian countries and a four-year tax holiday offered by the local government.
According to the management, profits coming from Vietnam will be tax-free for the next four years.
"The company is poised for a strong earnings growth in the coming years, driven by increasing capacity utilization and higher margins at its new plant in Vietnam due to savings on logistics cost, duties and taxes," said an IIFL report.
"With capacity utilization at Vietnam poised to increase sharply over FY15-16, consolidated net profit is on track for a strong growth," the report added. The coffee prices have risen nearly 85 per cent in 2014, but raw material price fluctuations are not a risk factor for CCL. The company has adopted a model of entering into back-to-back contracts with customers and suppliers.
"Price fixation with customers is based on the same day's prevailing green coffee prices, which are then locked in via supplier contracts. This is the key reason why CCL's standalone Ebitda margins have held steady in a band for several years," the IIFL report added.
The brokerage has a target price of Rs 150 on the stock, an upside of 38 per cent from the current market price.
CCL can source green coffee beans in 24 hours for its Vietnam plant, while in India it takes two months for raw material transit and import clearance, and, therefore, the working capital cycle for the Vietnam plant is likely to be at least six weeks lower than its Indian plant.
"In the wake of a faster ramp-up of its Vietnam facility likely from FY15, we expect consolidated working capital needs to reduce from 39.7%/32.4% in FY13/FY14 to 27.7%/26% in FY16E/FY17E, respectively," said a Nirmal Bang report.
According to the brokerage, the company has completed a major portion of its capex and no significant capex is expected in FY15/FY16.
CCL has launched its own product under the brand name Continental in the state of Andhra Pradesh. According to Nirmal Bang, its branded products are sold in less than 15 days' time.
"As CCL is rolling out state-wise a bouquet of products with greater space in department stores, its advertisement costs are expected to remain under control. In addition, we expect CCL to generate Rs3.4bn free cash flow over FY14-FY17E, which will also support the brand-building activity, if required," the report added.
Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities has a 'buy' recommendation on the stock with a target price of Rs 140, an upside of 29 per cent from its current market price. At 11:20 am, the stock was at Rs 108.90, up 2.35 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 110.80 and a low of Rs 107.55 in trade today.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Online vs physical: Feud intensifies as vendors see red over steep discounts in Flipkart  SnapdealTo utilise capacity, General Motors eyes Australia, South America exports from India
General Motors (GM) hopes to use its Indian operations as an export hub for market like Australia...

Sebi pulls up BSE for lapses in NMDC divestmentBS Reporters |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 10:26 PM IST
Sebi pulls up BSE for lapses in NMDC disinvestment
Asks it to appoint consultant, fix responsibility; calls for more detailed probe
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Thursday censured BSE for a matter related to allocations in the Rs 6,000-crore NMDC offer for sale (OFS) in 2012.
The exchange had confirmed orders for 45.5 million NMDC shares after the stipulated time. Bids by Citibank NA were confirmed between 6:22 pm and 6:30 pm, not within half an hour of the post-close session, as stipulated under Sebi norms.
In his order, Prashant Saran, Sebi’s whole-time member, said, “BSE is hereby directed to engage one or more independent consultants to review the entire sequence of events in the matter, the process followed, the checks in place and the systems employed while accepting the OFS bids by BSE. The consultant should bring out the shortcomings, if any, and suggest remedial measures within a period of three months.”
“Sebi is advised to conduct a detailed probe into the confirmation of bids by Citibank NA,” the order added.
The regulator said BSE hadn’t informed it of the error, adding it was only after BSE raised the final figure of the bid by 45.5 million shares that an explanation was sought and provided.
An email sent to a BSE spokesperson did not receive an immediate reply.
In March 2012, disinvestment worth about Rs 13,000 crore in Oil and Natural Gas Corporation was hit by technical glitches, which bourses claimed had taken place at the custodian-level. They said some orders might have been erroneously rejected on account of the glitches.
The regulator noted that the BSE did not intimate Sebi about the error. It was only after BSE revised the final figures of the bid upward by 4.55 crore shares, that an explanation was sought and provided.
An email sent to a BSE spokesperson did not immediately receive a reply.
 Advertisements

S Korea to retain Chung as prime ministerJune 26, 2014 9:49 am
S Korea to retain PM after search for replacement fails
By Song Jung-a in Seoul 
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e5c50e4-fd00-11e3-8ca9-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Privatisation not a panacea for PSU banksRajiv Lall |  Array Sep 10, 2014
Last Updated at 09:46 PM IST
Rajiv Lall: Privatisation not a panacea for PSU banks
The market can become more supportive of PSU banks provided the government improves their management and governance
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley is reported to have said that he wants public sector undertaking (PSU) banks to "retain their public sector character". What does he mean? Presumably, he means that he wants the government to retain its ability to use these banks in pursuit of social, political and development objectives that he believes will not be met if these banks were privately run. This is why banks were nationalised in the first place and this is why, 45 years on, the government is still reluctant to let go of its control over banks. Take the Jan Dhan Yojana (JDY), an initiative that is being implemented in "mission mode". It is reported that 20 million new bank accounts were opened even before the scheme was formally launched by the prime minister on August 28.
Mobilisation of administrative resources at this speed and scale could not have been possible if the government had to rely on just private sector banks. Control over PSU banks is what is allowing the government to drive this scheme. But we also know that control has its downside. Government influence can, and has, been abused. It can, and has, eroded the profitability, asset quality and talent pool of these banks. Even the JDY has been designed to deliver on important social goals, so little thought has been given to cost recovery for the participating banks. Whatever the commercial consequences of government control, ownership must surely be backed up with capital.
The dilemma that Jaitley faces is that while he does not want to relinquish control over PSU banks, he does not have the resources to keep them adequately capitalised - he must raise equity funding from private investors. As pointed out in my last article, PSU banks need Rs 2-3 lakh crore of incremental equity over the next four years just to support modest credit growth of 15 per cent a year*. Currently, it will not be possible to raise the capital that these banks really need without diluting the government's direct ownership stake to below 50 per cent. There are several scenarios that could unfold.
There is the "do nothing" scenario in which PSU banks are left to cobble together whatever funds the markets are willing to give them. This will be a decidedly poor outcome for it will leave PSU banks severely under-capitalised. Given that more than two thirds of bank loans outstanding are from PSU banks, this course of inaction will erode our financial system's capacity to service the credit demands of a rebounding economy. Indeed, it may jeopardise the economic recovery.
Then there is the "buy more time" scenario in which the government forces insurance companies under its control, notably the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), to bridge the gap in the equity funding requirements. But beyond a point IRDA, the insurance regulator, will surely prevent LIC from increasing its already substantial exposure to PSU banks. The numbers are too large for LIC to plug the likely funding gap.
The most sensible and, therefore, the most difficult, course of action will be for government to first launch a series of measures to improve the market's confidence in the functioning of PSU banks. The purists will argue that the only way to win the sustained confidence of the markets will be for government to privatise PSU banks. I do not believe that privatisation is a panacea for our PSU banks. It may work for a couple of the smaller PSU banks, but for the rest, it will likely create its own set of problems. I think the market could become suitably supportive even of government-controlled PSU banks, provided these banks stay committed to a certain minimum standard of commercial discipline. How is this to be done?
Improve management: Hiring the right people for the job and giving them room to run is half the battle. Getting this right for PSU banks will mean adopting familiar recommendations including: setting up an independent panel of professionals to make transparent, merit-based selections to senior management positions through open competition; fixing a minimum tenure of three to five years for senior-most management positions; and de-linking the compensation of PSU bank senior management from government comparators1.
Improve governance: This will include steps such as: allowing the panel of professionals to also select the non-government outside directors to the boards of PSU banks; bifurcating the position of chairman and CEO and making the former a non-executive position to add another layer of governance; allowing PSU bank boards to function as normal boards with responsibility for strategy formulation, performance targets, succession planning and compensation setting; improving the transparency and quality of disclosures on PSU banks' non-commercial activities; and inter alia finding a solution for getting these banks out from under the debilitating oversight of the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC)2.
Change mindsets: The government must change its mindset from "owner as sovereign" to "owner as investor" in terms of how it engages with the financial system. This implies recognising that retaining control does not require retaining majority ownership. And it will require a shift from using administrative fiat and sanction to using indirect mechanisms and incentives for driving policy outcomes. As far as PSU banks are concerned, the government could allow its ownership share to fall below 50 per cent and drive policy objectives through priority sector-type regulations administered by the Reserve Bank of India rather than through directives issued to bank management. In the case of the JDY, for example, the scheme could be re-crafted to rely less on top-down targets for opening bank accounts and more on providing incentives to all banks, public and private, for stepping up their outreach.
If the government still felt the need to intervene more directly in the allocation of credit it could still rely on the array of existing majority government-owned development finance institutions (DFIs) including the Power Finance Corporation, Rural Electrification Corporation, Industrial Finance Corporation of India, India Infrastructure Finance Company Ltd, National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development and Small Industries Development Bank of India that together account for a substantial eight per cent of our financial system's advances in three areas of national priority - infrastructure, agriculture and inclusion and SMEs without undermining the governance of the wider financial landscape3.
This government has the opportunity to significantly modernise our financial system, so that it is prepared for the challenge of the next couple of decades. Unless we act strategically now, we risk drifting into a messy growth-constraining quagmire.
The writer is executive chairman, IDFC
*'Minimum government, maximum governance' in public sector banks (August 27)
1 As of now the compensation of PSU bank CMDs is capped not to exceed the compensation of a Secretary to the Government of India
2 There is plenty of evidence to suggest that the threat of CVC action impedes normal risk taking by public sector bankers and it is not particularly effective in curbing unethical behaviour
3 The operations of these DFIs could be made more focused and effective by combining them into one large DFI along the lines of BNDES in Brazil or into three DFIs each focused on one area of strategic priority.
 Advertisements

Villain or victim: Who is the real Oscar PistoriusOscar Pistorius — a champion athlete who beat the odds to inspire millions worldwide, or a dangerously volatile man with a penchant for guns, beautiful women and fast cars?
   
Both versions of South Africa's double amputee Paralympic hero were pored over in minute detail during his six-month trial for the murder of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp on Valentine's Day 2013.
   
Before the shock shooting, and the trial in which he was alternatively portrayed as villain and victim, Pistorius was one of the world's most admired sportsmen.
South African paralympian athlete Oscar Pistorius weeps in the dock during his trial. (AFP Photo)
A formidable competitor known as the "fastest man on no legs", he was courted by big luxury brands and named as the "Sexiest Man Alive".
   
But his "Blade Runner" epithet, earned for his trademark prosthetic legs that powered him to fame, swiftly became recast as the "Blade Gunner" after he shot 29-year-old model and law graduate Reeva Steenkamp dead.
   
And in the dock, the hard-edged unforgiving athlete with a reputation for clashing with his track rivals gave way to a sobbing, broken man.
   
Born in 1986 in Johannesburg without fibulas (calf bones), his parents decided when he was 11 months old to have his legs amputated below the knee so he could be fitted with prosthetic legs.
   
This allowed him to play sports unhindered while growing up. He excelled in many, concentrating on running only after fracturing a knee playing rugby.
   
'Put on your legs'
   
"It was never made an issue. My mother would say to my brother, 'You put on your shoes, and Oscar, you put on your legs, then meet me at the car,'" Pistorius told The Independent in 2011.
   
Just eight months after taking to the track, he smashed the 200m world record at the Athens Paralympics 10 years ago.
   
Next up was the 2008 Beijing Paralympic games where he took the 100m, 200m and 400m sprint titles and launched a battle to take part in the able-bodied athletics, overcoming arguments that his custom-built carbon-fibre running blades gave him an unfair advantage.
   
In 2011 he made history by becoming the first amputee to run at the World Championships, where he took silver with South Africa's 4x400m sprint team.
   
"You're not disabled by your disabilities but abled by your abilities," he told Athlete magazine in an interview that year.
   
In 2012 he again made history by becoming the first double-amputee to compete at both the Olympics and Paralympics.
   
But since shooting Steenkamp, in what he always claimed was a tragic accident, his sporting prowess has been overshadowed by questions about his behaviour.
   
Gun-obsessed
   
In an angry outburst at the London Paralympics he hit out at the length of the blades of a fellow competitor who pipped him to gold in the 100m — before apologising.
   
In 2009, he spent a night in jail after allegedly assaulting a 19-year-old woman at a party in a case that was settled out of court.
   
Two years later, he allegedly fired a gun through the sunroof of an ex-girlfriend's moving car. And weeks before he shot Steenkamp, he reportedly discharged a gun by accident at a Johannesburg restaurant.
   
"Oscar is certainly not what people think he is," ex-lover and trial witness Samantha Taylor has said.
   
Pistorius has long been open about his love for guns. The sprinter slept with a pistol under his bed at his upmarket home in a high security Pretoria estate for fear of burglars.
Video: Judge declares Pistorius not guilty of murdering girlfriend
Once held in Amsterdam after gunpowder residue was detected on his prosthetics, he also once took a New York Times journalist interviewing him to a shooting range.
   
The same writer described him driving at 250 kilometres (155 miles) an hour, double the speed limit, and referred to Pistorius as having "a fierce, even frenzied need to take on the world at maximum speed and with minimum caution".
   
Fast cars, fast life
   
His passion for motorbikes, adrenalin and speed is well documented. "He likes fast cars. He is just built for speed," his trainer Jannie Brooks told AFP.
   
Four years ago he crashed his boat in a river, breaking two ribs, an eye socket and his jaw. Empty alcohol bottles were found in the boat.
   
He also once owned two white tigers but sold them to a zoo in Canada when they became too big.
   
A middle child whose parents divorced when he was six, he has a problematic relationship with his father, Henke, but is close to his siblings who have been at his side in court.
   
His mother died when he was 15 and the date of her death is tattooed on his arm.
   
In court, Pistorius has seemed a much more fragile figure, breaking down and sobbing as a man in mourning -- vomiting as his lover's death was described in horrific detail in medical evidence to the court.
   
"He is the definition of global inspiration", Time magazine proclaimed in its 2012 list of the world's most influential people.
   

U.S. weekly jobless claims rise unexpectedlyU.S. weekly jobless claims rise unexpectedly
Job fair
Tribune photo by David Pierini
Daniel Ojeda, the recruitment manager for the Illinois Department of Human Services, instructs Dolton resident Qiana Mosely on applying for a job during the Thornton Township Community Job Fair at South Suburban College in South Holland.
Daniel Ojeda, the recruitment manager for the Illinois Department of Human Services, instructs Dolton resident Qiana Mosely on applying for a job during the Thornton Township Community Job Fair at South Suburban College in South Holland. (Tribune photo by David Pierini)
Unemployment and Layoffs Unemployment Benefits Job Reports and Statistics Job Market Unemployment Rate Economic Indicator
The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits unexpectedly rose last week, but that probably does not signal a material shift in labor market conditions as claims remain near their pre-recession levels.
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits increased 11,000 to a seasonally adjusted 315,000 for the week ended Sept. 6, the highest level since late June, the Labor Department said on Thursday.
Claims for the prior week were revised to show 2,000 more applications received than previously reported.

Remembrances in New York  Washington and Pennsylvania on anniversary of 9/11 attacksBy Mark Berman September 11 at 11:10 AM Follow @markberman
Members of the New York Police Department, New York Fire Department and the Port Authority Police Department carry an American flag at the beginning of the memorial observance held at the site of the World Trade Center in New York on Thursday. (Andrew Burton/EPA)
Crowds of somber mourners gathered in New York, Washington and Pennsylvania on Thursday morning to mark the 13th anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks .
The proceedings carried with them a stark reminder of that day’s losses, cutting through more than a decade of change and war to emphasize that the largest terrorist attack in U.S. history was more than an epochal, historic event; it was a day when nearly 3,000 people were killed after hijackers crashed four jetliners in three different locations on the East Coast, leaving behind thousands of mourners as well as a scarred national psyche.
A single rose is seen on inscribed names on the edge of the North Pool during the ceremony. (Robert Sabo/Reuters)
In New York, a commemoration at the National September 11 Memorial Museum began with a moment of silence to mark the moment the first plane struck the North Tower at 8:46 a.m. It was followed by the recitation of names of people killed that day and more than eight years earlier, when a bomb was detonated in the building’s garage.
The names reading of the nearly 3,000 victims of 9/11/01 and 2/26/93 at the #911Memorial . #Honor911 pic.twitter.com/esveVH4nkn
— 9/11 Memorial (@Sept11Memorial) September 11, 2014
As family members read aloud the names of people killed that day, they paused for moments of silence at the times that have become etched in memory during these annual remembrances: When the second plane struck the South Tower (9:03 a.m.), when Flight 77 crashed into the Pentagon outside of Washington (9:37 a.m.), when the South Tower fell (9:59 a.m.), when Flight 93 crashed in Pennsylvania (10:03 a.m.) and when the North Tower fell (10:28 a.m.). 
Maria Cioccone of New York places a flower in the inscribed name of her son Alex along the edge of the North Pool during the memorial ceremony. (Justin Lane/AP)
 (A livestream of the ceremony in New York is available here .) 
Flags are being flown at half-staff to commemorate the anniversary of September 11, 2001. #Honor911 pic.twitter.com/Z9jFipHPys — 9/11 Memorial (@Sept11Memorial) September 11, 2014
This ceremony in New York, which follows a pattern established and followed each year, is expected to be the last before the opening of One World Trade Center, a 1,776-foot-tall office tower that has risen above Ground Zero. While a precise opening date is unknown, the Port Authority expects it will open later this year .
More than a decade later, it remains difficult for those who lost loved ones to return to Ground Zero.
“Coming down to the area is rough,” Franklin Murray, who lost his brother in the attacks, told the Associated Press . He has come to the ceremony before, but “it was getting harder, so I forced myself to get down here,” he said.
The memorial’s “ Tribute in Light ” will illuminate the skies over Manhattan beginning at 6 p.m. Thursday, as another way to remember those who died, according to the 9/11 Memorial. The memorial itself, which opened in May , will remain open until midnight, offering an opportunity for those who can’t visit during the ceremony.
Outside Washington, President Obama spoke at the Pentagon , telling family members of victims who had gathered at the facility’s open-air memorial that the attacks “sought to break our spirit,” but that the perseverance showed by the families and other Americans “proved them wrong.”
Earlier on Thursday morning, he was joined by first lady Michelle Obama and Vice President Biden for a moment of silence on the south lawn of the White House.
President Obama, first lady Michelle Obama and Vice President Biden walking onto the South Lawn on Thursday. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
In Shanksville, Pa., where United Airlines Flight 93 crashed , a remembrance was held at the memorial, which sits amid wide, expansive fields of grass in southwest Pennsylvania.
Rain begins to fall as the names of the passengers and crew of Flight 93 are read between bell tolls. pic.twitter.com/BeM66mPors
— Erin McCarthy (@ErinMcPSU) September 11, 2014
The memorial in Shanksville on Thursday included the first public display of the Congressional Gold Medal awarded to the passengers and crew who died that day.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He anchors Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410448222/1410448222000/1410448222 tracking: {authors=Mark Berman, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=remembrances-in-new-york-washington-and-pennsylvania-on-anniversary-of-911-attacks, post_id=11420, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 3:10:22 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 3:10:22 PM

Yuki to commence India s Davis Cup campaignIndian players during a training session ahead of the Davis Cup tie against Serbia (Source: PTI)
Bangalore | Posted: September 11, 2014 3:10 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 3:54 pm
Yuki Bhambri will open India’s Davis Cup campaign against Serbia, drawn against visiting side’s number two player Dusan Lajovic for the first singles match of the World Group playoff tie.
The second singles match will be played between India’s Somdev Devvarman and Filip Krajinovic. The first match will begin at 3 pm and the second from 6.30 pm.
On the second day of the tie, ace Indian tennis player Leander Paes will combine with local star Rohan Bopanna against the Serbian pair of Nenad Zimonjic and Ilija Bozoljac.
While on the last day of the tie, Devvarman will play Lajovic in the fourth rubber and Bhambri will face Krajinovic in the second reverse singles.
The first reverse singles will commence from 4 pm and and the fifth rubber will start after 6.30 pm.
The nominations for the doubles and reverse singles can be changed up to one hour before scheduled start.
Indian non-playing captain Anand Amritraj said he was happy with Yuki starting the tie for India.
Asked whether India will target Krajinovic, Amritraj said they are not targeting anyone as both are equally good players.
“I have seen them practice. They are equally good. Just need to go out and play and hope for the best. No we are not targetting anyone … It depends entirely on the day,” he said.
Asked whether he is happy with playing matches in evenings, Amritraj said, “Personally I would have opted for playing in the morning, and in Davis Cup normally matches are played in the mornings. However, we agreed to the wishes of the Bangalore organisers and we are ready for it.”
Devvarman said both the teams are evenly matched. He described Krajinovic as a very good player.
“There is a chance for both teams as both are evenly matched and I think Krajinovic is a very good and informed player. Even I have been playing well. I am going to put my best foot forward,” he said.
The Indian said playing in Shanghai has helped him become match fit.
“It was a good decision to have played in Shanghai. I am feeling healthy, match sharp and fit, and I am looking forward to the match,” he added.
Replying to yet another query, Devvarman said he played against Krajinovic twice before in 2009 and 2010.
“The first match I won in a three-set game and the next I went down,” he said.
Asked what would be Serbia’s approach in the tie in the absence of world number one Novak Djokovic, non-playing captain Bogdan Obradovic said it did not matter much.
 
“It does not matter who is playing. The team needs to be prepared and has to play point by point, set by set and that’s all that matters,” he said.
On evening starts in Davis Cup, Obradovic said they agreed to it after the organisers explained things from the broadcasting and marketing points of view.
“ITF (International Tennis Federation) and local television and television world over are doing their job and we need to adapt to their requirements of marketing and broadcasting benefits,” he said.
Replying continued…

Biz Lessons From Joan Riversreddit
Joan Rivers was funny.  Really funny.  But, to me, she was even more of an inspiration as a businesswoman.  My nephew, a restaurateur, has hosted dozens of parties for Sundance film festival big wigs.  I asked him, "Out of all the celebrities with whom you have worked, who was the best one?"  He said, "No contest.  It's Joan Rivers."  He described a party they worked on together for her documentary, Piece of Work.  She was kind and fun as they planned the event, and a gracious hostess to all.  Joan provided meals for all the drivers and assistants who helped get the parties guests to the venue, and arranged an uber-generous tip, accounting for every restaurant team member.
Since then, I have studied Joan's career.   I discovered the depth of Joan's ambition and drive...and the size of her heart.  I admired her commitment, to living a grand life.  Here are Business Lessons from Joan Rivers...
• Take care of your family. Family first.  That doesn't mean you don't have a career.  That's why you have one.  To provide for them, and to include them...in the adventure.  You honor your dreams and your family is part of the deluxe package.  She was a gushing, proud mama and grandmother.
• Take care of your team. As an employer, Joan assumed responsibility for each employee's family.  She sent their kids to school.  She celebrated milestones and remembered birthdays.  None of that, "It's not personal, it's business," crap-ola.  Her ambition was in no small part because so many people counted on her.  She designed it that way.  If you are going to spend a lot of money, you have to make a lot of money.
• Help a brother or a sister out. There are countless stories by comedians and actors who were helped by Joan's connections and introductions.  She never forgot her eight years of Greenwich Village comedy club stand up before she got her big break with Johnny Carson and The Tonight Show.  She did what she could to promote others in a typically cut-throat industry.  And, her charity work is legendary.  When AIDS first appeared, people were scared, and stricken comrades where shunned.  Joan started delivering meals to friends and others who were housebound.  Since then, God's Love We Deliver, has provided over 15,000,000 meals to those who suffer and those who help them.  Joan didn't just write a check.  She and her grandson would assemble meals and visit with folks as they delivered them.
• Be disciplined and organized. There is a scene in the documentary where she is talking to her agent and filling her calendar.  She worked it like a farmer works an acre of land.  Not one inch to spare.   She would take the "Schultz Family Reunion in Sheboygan" and "Emmy Red Carpet Interviews" and treat both gigs with equal commitment and professionalism.  She wrote books, hawked beauty products, and said YES to any and all opportunities.  Joan was no snob when it came to a day's work.  Joan kept her jokes on 3*5 cards in library card files.  She was organized and disciplined.  She never skated.  In her last interview, when asked about retiring, Joan laughed it off.  "And do what?  My dogs have heard the jokes."
• Use good manners. Another scene from the documentary shows Joan, in full feathered traveling regalia, arriving in the middle of the night at an unglamorous hotel.  It had been a long travel day, and even Mother Theresa might have come uncorked at the hotel front desk clerk.  Joan was a beacon of kindness.  She was polite.  It was her nature.  No diva temper tantrums.  She wrote thank you notes and sent lovely gifts.  She had taste, and when she threw a dinner party, every guest was treated like the Queen of England.
• Bounce back no matter what. In all the interviews since her death, the theme has been Joan's tenacity.  She inspires all of us to dust ourselves off and get back out there.  No sniveling.  Life is a gift.  You've been given this day.  Now, use it all up.  This approach, in spite of some tough "glass ceiling" challenges in her career.  In spite of her husband's suicide.  In spite of relentless rejections of her pitches, her pilots, of her.
• Live large. Joan loved money and nice things.  Why not?  "People say that money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you have enough money, you can have a key made."
Thanks, Joan.  Xo Ellen
Follow Ellen Rohr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ellenrohr
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

SIAM criticises CCI for imposing penalty on car companiesTo utilise capacity, General Motors eyes Australia, South America exports from India
General Motors (GM) hopes to use its Indian operations as an export hub for market like Australia...

Lanco Infratech shares soar over 8 pct on fund raising plansTo utilise capacity, General Motors eyes Australia, South America exports from India
General Motors (GM) hopes to use its Indian operations as an export hub for market like Australia...

Enrolment for higher education rises to 16% in IndiaEnrolment for higher education rises to 16% in India
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept. 11:  
The gross enrolment ratio for higher education rose to 16 per cent in India last year, as compared to 11 per cent in 2008. The ratio is expected to increase to 21 per cent by the year 2021, according to a research by Frost & Sullivan.
The allocation of Rs 81,000 crore in 2009 helped create about two million higher education seats. However, there is a need for almost 10 million higher education seats, which can be appropriately filled by private public partnerships.
Financial accessibility, physical accessibility, and virtual accessibility (online education) will play a key role in the success of higher education, says the research.
Improved credit facilities for higher education have enabled students to go for higher education. High quality pedagogy coupled with better infrastructure facilities are also likely to give impetus to the higher education sector in India by making it more attractive for foreign students to gain admission.
RESEARCH
The study highlights, though, the research competence of prominent institutions like the IITs is comparable with their compatriots abroad, original path breaking research is rare in India. Most of the research involves minor changes to pre-existing papers. Also, funding for research in IITs is almost as low as five per cent of that received by universities in developed countries like the US.
One of the biggest concerns raised in the study was of the presence of a huge pool of graduates whose knowledge and skill sets are not at par with industry requirements.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Raghuram Rajan warns of abrupt reversal of interest ratesTo utilise capacity, General Motors eyes Australia, South America exports from India
General Motors (GM) hopes to use its Indian operations as an export hub for market like Australia...

Top five reasons why markets are likely to consolidate in near termTop five reasons why markets are likely to consolidate in near term
By Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 11 Sep, 2014, 05.21PM IST
Considering the fact that the markets are trading near their higher end of the range, a mild correction or consolidation cannot be ruled out.
Editor's Pick
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex fell for a third straight day in a row on Thursday to log its lowest close in nearly two weeks, while the Nifty slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8100.
After rallying over 1000 points since August and nearly 6000 points so far in the year 2014, the S&P BSE Sensex has come under a bit of pressure. Analysts see this more as part of consolidation and not as a big correction.
They feel that the bull market still remains intact. However, the index may fall by max 5-10 per cent before it continues its uptrend.
"This consolidation phase, that we are seeing right now, is likely to continue for some more time," said Manishi Raychaudhuri, MD & Asia Equity Strategist, BNP Paribas.
"Indian stocks have outperformed this year for a good reason. If you look at the entire emerging market universe, India is possibly the best story fundamentally," he added.
Considering the fact that the markets are trading near their higher end of the range, a mild correction or consolidation cannot be ruled out. However, the bull-run still remains intact, say analysts.
"It is difficult to quantify correction, but we were not looking for any meaningful correction as such and consolidation means extending global macro shock around current levels," said Gautam Chhaocharia , Head of India Research, UBS.
There would not be any meaningful downside, but purely from that construct of index target of 8000 for the year end, it does look poised for consolidation around current levels," he added.
We have collated top five reasons which may be responsible for some bit of consolidation in the market around current levels for some more time:
Premium Valuations:
The Indian markets have rallied a little over 27 per cent so far in the year 2014, which has indeed pushed the valuations higher compared to historic averages.
If we look at the valuations today, they are about 16 times, somewhere between 16 and 16.5 times one year forward. The long-term average for India is about 15 times.
"Current valuations are approximately about 8% to 10% premium to the long-term average and India peaks out typically at somewhere around 20% premium, which has closed one standard deviation higher than the long-term average," added Raychaudhuri of BNP Paribas.
Bhavin Shah, CEO, Equirus Securities, is of the view that the valuations across sectors are certainly stretched and even after factoring in 20-25 years of pretty reasonable earnings growth and free cash flow growth, the value implied by various stocks is far in excess of that. So some bit of correction would be healthy.
FIIs booking profit:
Analysts are of the view that foreign institutional investors (FIIs) which have poured in nearly Rs 9,000 crore in the Indian capital market in the first week of September are booking profits after a sharp rally seen so far in the year 2014.
Raychaudhuri says that from FIIs side, we are seeing a certain degree of fatigue about India. That is partly because the markets have run up too sharply.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.9 lakh crore or $31.5 billion into the country's securities market.
"The undertone remains extremely buoyant and we have seen a decent run-up in the last few months, in fact also in the last one week or so. So, the FII flows continue to be very good," said Sachin Shah, Portfolio Manager, Emkay Global Financial Services.
"With the kind of run-up that we have seen, there is always a possibility of some bit of profit booking coming in, some bit of halting of new buying coming in, but it really looks like that the correction should be not something very significant, if at all," he added.
Flows going to other emerging markets:
Raychaudhuri is of the view that there are certain other avenues or pockets of investment that seem to have opened up now across the emerging market universe.
"We have increasing flows going into China, Korea, and also Taiwan over the last three-four months," he said.
Government paper might absorb some liquidity:
Whenever primary market picks up, it absorbs much of the liquidity from the system as funds get diverted to IPOs or OFS.
The government kicked off the big-bang disinvestment programme it announced in the budget with the cabinet committee on economic affairs (CCEA) clearing stake sales in Coal India, ONGC and hydropower utility NHPC.
At current prices, disinvestment in these companies is expected to meet the budget target of Rs 43,425 crore. The first is likely to be a 5 per cent sale in steel maker SAIL that is expected to fetch Rs 1,700 crore.
"We have seen this repeatedly whenever there is such large supply of paper," said Raychaudhuri of BNP Paribas, adding that the primarily market tends to draw on the funds that could have flown into the secondary market otherwise.
However, some analysts feel that the current supply of paper should not be much of a problem for the markets, if the quality of paper is good.
"We already saw the QIP of nearly Rs 30000-35000 crore worth of shares that were absorbed by the market easily. In fact, there is a concern that for FIIs there is not much left in the market to penetrate," said G Chokkalingam, Founder, Equinomics Research.
"So, I continue to believe that we are set for a structural bull run at least for another two years and all these would be easily absorbed," he added.
Technical Outlook:
On a year-to-date basis, the Nifty has rallied by approximately 30 per cent so far. It is the highest return that the Nifty has yielded in the last 5 years, but that hasn't dithered the bulls away.
So, the uptrend is clearly there, with indicators, averages and prices placed above short-term averages. The Nifty continues its pattern of making higher highs and higher lows.
"However, it does appear that within that uptrend, in the short term or just immediate term, some consolidation has kicked in. Levels of 8200 to about 8000 could be a broader range in which the Nifty might consolidate," said Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com.
"Unless and until 8000 or 7980 is broken, I do not see a serious threat of correction, though there are levels in between wherein you would want to have a look at intraday charts," he said, adding that "however, it could be a bigger consolidation with 8200 and 8000 as the range."
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Election Commission reprimands Yogi Adityanath for hate speechTo utilise capacity, General Motors eyes Australia, South America exports from India
General Motors (GM) hopes to use its Indian operations as an export hub for market like Australia...

Plagiarism plague tars S Korea credibilitySeptember 11, 2014 7:23 am
Plague of plagiarism tarnishes South Korea’s credibility
By Song Jung-a in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28387268-26bd-11e4-bc19-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

NY fashion gives a verdictComment by Duchamp
a cynical view: ammass a collection of works of art, get them valued at full price as if you really could sell them en mass at the peak and then donate them to a museum, for a tax break. does not this …
There are different ways to achieve immortality: cryogenics, cloning, art donations... The latter is the only one to provide you with a sizable tax break, so it is a good choice. And the general publi …
Categories

The past is past  says GM chief Mary BarraHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
The past is past, says GM chief Mary Barra
Our Bureau
General Motors CEO Mary Barra
Refuses to dwell on the Tavera recall controversy
New Delhi, September 11:  
Mary Barra, Chief Executive Officer of General Motors has been in India over the past two days, meeting people and discussing the future of the company here.
One part of the story is that GM has been around in India for nearly two decades but does not have the market share to reflect this longevity. Two, it has been in the news for recall issues which have generated a fair share of controversy both here and abroad.
The company had recently recalled 1.14 lakh units of its multipurpose vehicle Chevrolet Tavera manufactured in India between 2005 and 2013. This was on emission-related issues where there were allegations on fudging data.
However, Barra did not dwell on these issues. “The past is the past. We are focused on the future and we have a clear strategy to have the right products to put the customer in the centre, to make sure we are a leader in safety and quality,” she told reporters here on Thursday.
Yet, when asked what really went wrong, Barra was quick to reply that “There are a lot of things, which are right. We have manufacturing capabilities in the country from the powertrain and assembly perspective and we have the right leaderships here. We have been successful in many places so we know the ingredients, and that is why we are here,” she added.
According to Barra, GM had dealt with those (recalls) in a straightforward manner by being transparent, doing what was right for the customers and making sure from the learning that something like that never happens again. This issue had, in fact, taken up a lot of her time soon after she became CEO with over 2.5 million worldwide recalls arising from faulty ignition switches.
“We continue to look at issues but our goal even fundamentally is to make sure we are improving in our development process for new vehicles. We also make sure we build defect-free vehicles as we move into the future. But, if at any point along the way we see an issue with the product portfolio, we are going to take appropriate action,” Barra said.
The company was focused on five key strategic priorities which included earning customers for life, knowing the importance of brands and making sure GM grew these brands, being the leader in technology and innovation, driving efficiencies across the business and instilling a culture to win.
From Barra’s point of view, another important reason to be in India this week was to get to spend time with the GM team. It would also give her time to see their passion and knowledge of the customer and relationship with dealers.
She said GM would launch 40 products for the global market (excluding the US, Europe and China but including India) in the future. “In Europe, we will launch 27 new Opel models between this year and 2018. In the US, from 2013-14, we have launched 32 new vehicles. In
China with our partners, we will introduce new or upgraded 17 models this year and in the international operations including India, we have about 40 new products,” she added.
In India, about 75 per cent of GM’s sales are from either new or majorly redesigned products. “As we bring new products, we will really focus on what is important for this market, what is going to create value and be valued by customers,” Barra declared.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Applications for US Unemployment Rise to 315KToday marks the 13th anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon in 2001, which...
Chang W. Lee/The New York Times/AP Photo
2
People are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
3

EU slaps new economic sanctions onRussiaEuropean Union flag. (Source: Reuters)
Associated Press | Brussels | Posted: September 11, 2014 8:24 pm
The European Union has decided to slap new economic sanctions on Russia — including ones targeting the country’s vital oil industry — for what it sees as Moscow’s meddling in eastern Ukraine.
The sanctions will further curb access to European capital markets for Russian banks and firms, limit exports of certain high-technology goods and target more officials with travel bans and asset freezes, the EU said in statement.
The sanctions will take effect Friday following their publication in the EU’s official journal but will be reversible if the situation in eastern Ukraine improves. A review of the measures will be carried out in late September, the EU said.
Russia’s stock market and its currency tumbled on the news. Russia’s benchmark MICEX, which was rising Thursday morning, was down 1.2 percent in the afternoon. The Russian ruble fell to an all-time low of 37.51 rubles against the U.S. dollar.
A summit of EU leaders almost two weeks ago called for the new sanctions, but the measure were twice postponed to assess the impact of a cease-fire in eastern Ukraine. The United States has said it was also considering new sanctions and was expected to follow suit on Friday.
The cease-fire between the Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian military took effect Friday but has been riddled by violations. On Thursday, two volleys of Grad rocket fire rang out in the rebel-held eastern city of Donetsk.
A spokesman for Ukraine’s National Security and Defense Council, Col. Andriy Lysenko, told journalists that a large swath of Ukraine near the Sea of Azov had come under full rebel control. While the change likely happened before the cease-fire, it was an unusual admission by Ukraine of the scale of a coastal rebel offensive that Kiev and NATO say was backed by Russian arms and soldiers.
Russia denies the charge.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has sought to portray the cease-fire deal — reached as the rebels waged a major offensive that pushed back Ukraine’s troops — as a victory rather than a defeat, saying Wednesday that about 70 percent of the Russian troops in eastern Ukraine had since withdrawn.
NATO, however, said Thursday that its intelligence still shows about 1,000 Russian troops with sophisticated weaponry like heavy artillery on Ukrainian soil. An estimated 20,000 other Russian troops are amassed just east of the border, the alliance said.
The new sanctions cut the EU’s current ban on credits and loans to Russian entities from a maturity of more than 90 days now to those over 30 days. Curbing access to western capital markets could weigh down Russia’s already-flagging economic growth.
In addition to hitting five of Russia’s biggest banks, the EU said the capital market restrictions will now also hit three major Russian defense firms and three major energy companies. The names of the targeted entities will be released Friday.
The export of high-tech items that can be used for both military and civilian purposes — so-called dual-use goods — continued…

We are in a position to do well at Asian Games: WalshPrint
Terry Walsh said India have improved upon their defensive skills post the World Cup earlier this year (Source: IE/File)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 3:19 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 4:27 pm
Looking to break the 16-year-old Asian Games ‘gold’ jinx, Indian men’s hockey team coach Terry Walsh said that the current lot of players have the “self belief” to come up trumps in the upcoming quadrennial event in Incheon, South Korea.
Walsh said unlike the Glasgow Commonwealth Games, the Sardar Singh-led side has the ability to turn the 2010 Guangzhou bronze into a gold at the Asian Games to be held from September 19 to October 4.
“One of the really important area is self belief. That’s very closely linked with confidence and the willingness and ability to play the level without the fear of losing,” Walsh told PTI ahead of the team’s departure for Incheon.
“Confidence is a huge part of performance. Confidence and anxiety are very closely related and that’s something you have to guard. You need to know the difference between being confident and being anxious.
“The problem was that the players had no belief that they could win the gold (at the Commonwealth Games). It’s a process of development, it doesn’t happen overnight. But I think these group of players sincerely believe that if they play to their potential they can beat against Malaysia, Korea, China, Pakistan, Japan and win the title,” the Australian said.
Insisting that India and Korea are the teams to beat in the Asian Games, Walsh said they have improved upon their defensive skills post the World Cup earlier this year.
“Teams are always going to concede late goals, early goals and goals in the middle period. But i think we have improved as a defensive structure. I think we are getting better at knowing on how to play during situations and there comes the business of self belief.
“You got to understand what you are trying to do and believe in your abilities. I think we are growing and leaning those things,” he said.
Walsh feels going by form India’s has a realistic chance of lifting the Asian Games title and earn a direct qualification for the 2016 Rio Olympics.
“My view is that we are progressing really well. There is considerable difference in our level of performance from pre-World Cup to post-Commonwealth Games,” the coach assessed.
“If you ask me are we in a position to do well, my answer would yes we are. I an very open and honest about what in think and i think this tournament puts us in a position where we can do extremely well. If we continue to do well then the opportunity to play in the final for the gold medal is in front of us.”
India won the Asian Games only two times — the last time being 1998 edition in Bangkok. In the Incheon Games, India are placed in Pool B along side arch rivals Pakistan, China, Sri Lanka and Oman.
India will open their campaign against minnows Sri Lanka (September 21) and Oman (September 23) before taking on tough teams like Pakistan (September 25) and China (September 27).
“That’s one of the advantages of being a continued…
If we continue to do well then the opportunity to play in the final for the gold medal is in front of us

Discussing money with children makes them wiser  better saversDiscussing money with children makes them wiser, better savers
By Anya Kamenetz, Tribune Content Agency, The Savings Game
Finance
This Sunday, as my daughter and her friend played dress-up, the parents' talk turned to money. My friends, who both work, said that they were currently spending more on childcare for their two young kids than on rent. Luckily, New York City, where we live, is expanding access to public pre-K, which will make a big difference for families at all income levels.
The USDA recently reported something that most parents already know: raising kids is more expensive than ever. For a child born in 2013, the estimated lifetime cost for raising him or her to age 17 will range from $218,680 for those in the lowest income bracket to over half a million dollars for high earners. And that's before you shell out for a college education!
If finances are keeping you up at night, it can be tempting to try to shield your kids from the issue. But that would be a fundamental parenting mistake. T. Rowe Price recently published their sixth annual Parents, Kids and Money survey and it contains some key tips.
1. Don't avoid the subject and don't lie to your kids.
0
Forty-two percent of parents said they avoided money talk and 28 percent admitted that they lied to their kids sometimes about money. The most frequently given reason for avoiding money talk was, "I don't want them to worry about financial matters."
But having these conversations, in an age-appropriate way, is essential to your kids' well-being. That brings us to point No. 2.
2. Talking to your kids about money -- often -- has a real impact.
It affects their self-image: 66 percent of kids whose parents frequently talk about family finances said they "feel smart about money," as opposed to 37 percent of kids whose parents don't frequently discuss family finances. And 60 percent of kids whose parents frequently talk about setting financial goals identify as "savers" vs. 46 percent of kids whose parents don't frequently discuss financial goals.
Notably, it also influences their actions: 58 percent of kids whose parents frequently talk to them about saving for college are actually putting their own money away vs. just 23 percent of kids whose parents don't discuss saving for college.
Judith Ward is a senior financial planner at T. Rowe Price, said, "I think there are so many everyday things where you can start talking to your kids about money." Say you're back to school shopping: enlist their math skills to help you find the best deal. When student debt is in the news, talk about the costs of different colleges. When they get a birthday check, it's time to talk about saving, spending, and giving away. Ward has even gone so far as to share her own 401(k) statement with her teenage children and talk about her investment choices.
3. Watch the gender divide.
A troubling finding of the survey was a gender gap. Fifty-eight percent of boys say their parents talk to them about setting financial goals, compared to just 50 percent of girls. Twice as many boys as girls had credit cards: 12 percent vs. 6 percent. Boys are more confident: 45 percent of boys feel very or extremely smart about money, compared to just 38 percent of girls. And their parents reinforce this notion: 80 percent of parents with a boy think their child understands the value of a dollar compared with only 69 percent of parents with a girl.
For Ward, who has both a son and a daughter, these results were a wakeup call that caused her to reconsider some of her own parenting decisions. "We need to be a little more proactive with our daughters if we want them to be independent," she said.
But overall, she said, her take-home from the research was, "This really does show that having these conversations can make a difference."
(Anya Kamenetz' latest book is "DIY U: Edupunks, Edupreneurs, and the Coming Transformation of Higher Education." She welcomes your questions at diyubook@gmail.com )
(c) 2014 ANYA KAMENETZ. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Apple moves into fashion with WatchLast updated: September 10, 2014 6:44 pm
Apple moves into fashion business with Watch launch
By Tim Bradshaw and Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/d5a49490-38a6-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias pharma sector remains a challenge for new entrepreneursIndia’s pharma sector remains a challenge for new entrepreneurs
Our Bureau
Costly installations, stringent regulatory framework plays deterrent for new entrants
Ahmedabad, Sept 11:  
Even as contract manufacturing of pharmaceuticals products has provided ample opportunity for small and medium enterprises to attain high growth, the sector remains a distant dream for fresh entrepreneurs.
Costly machinery, stringent regulatory norms and price controls are seen as major deterrent for new entrepreneurs from venturing into pharmaceuticals business including contract manufacturing, which contributes about 50 per cent to the country’s domestic drug business worth Rs 77,000 crore. According to industry insiders, contract manufacturing in the country is growing at the rate of 20 per cent per annum.
“This is an industry, which is highly regulated with highly controlled prices. Also, it calls for zero defects with stringent regulatory requirements. So, even if we have seen new investments taking place in the sector, no new company has been launched,” said S V Veerra Mani president, Indian Drug Manufacturers’ Association (IDMA) at the inauguration of fifth edition of “Pharmac India 2014” at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar today.
In the country’s total Rs 1,50,000-crore worth of pharmaceutical production, Gujarat contributes about Rs 50,000 crore or nearly 33 per cent. The state has about 800 pharma manufacturing companies, of which nearly 80 per cent are SMEs.
According to industry experts, government support is required to make contract manufacturing lucrative for entrepreneurs and boost exports from India. Last year, India exported pharma products including formulations and active pharma ingredients (API) wroth Rs 90,000 crore. India exports pharma products to about 210 countries with 28 per cent going to the US, 19 per cent to Europe and 19 per cent to Africa.
“We have organised Pharmac India with a view to encourage SMEs with focus on contract manufacturing. About 100 companies will participate in the event,” said Kamlesh Patel, chairman, IDMA, Gujarat State Board.
Commenting on future growth prospects of the industry, Viranchi Shah, secretary, IDMA-GSB said, “Earlier, capital required for setting up a small drug manufacturing unit was about Rs 4 crore, but that has increased to Rs 20-25 crore now. In such a scenario, the government is reportedly considering a proposal to launch capital-linked subsidy scheme for new pharma units. Such a kind of scheme is required to spur the growth of the industry and it should be launched as soon as possible."
According to Shah, over the last ten years, Indian pharma sector has registered 1.5 times higher growth rate than the overall GDP growth of the country.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Difficult to do business in India  says VodafoneTo utilise capacity, General Motors eyes Australia, South America exports from India
General Motors (GM) hopes to use its Indian operations as an export hub for market like Australia...

Australia eyes terror hotspot travel banAugust 5, 2014 9:53 am
Australia set to ban travel to terrorist hotspots
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d18e9c30-1c6c-11e4-98d8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The mega trade agreement seasonT S Vishwanath |  Array Sep 10, 2014
Last Updated at 09:48 PM IST
T S Vishwanath: The mega trade agreement season
Three large free trade agreements, involving the US, European Union and Asean nations could have a deep influence on global trade
Mega trade agreements have taken the fancy of most large countries - developed and emerging - to expand and deepen market access opportunities across the globe.
The two mega agreements that have catapulted to the top of the list include the US-led 11 country Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) agreement and the Regional Co-operation Economic Partnership (RCEP), which includes the 10 countries from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean), plus six other nations including India, Brazil and China.
Interestingly, seven out of the 16 partners in RCEP are also negotiating in TPP and reports indicate that South Korea has expressed a desire to become a part of TPP. India has shown interest in joining that group. The third big preferential trade agreement will be between the US and European Union where negotiations are under way to create the Trans-Atlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP). Notable exceptions from these large free trade agreements are African countries that are building their own regional co-operation.
In a recent meeting of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), a short paper presented by Harshvardhan Singh, former Deputy Director General of the World Trade Organisation, states that TPP will be a reality within the next few years and it will have a deep influence on global trade. The paper is of the view that "the preparations for the kind of changes that will be required (post TPP) to equip the policy framework and business capability are extensive and time-consuming." In this background, Singh says, "it is advisable (for countries) to begin preparations as early as possible. Furthermore, since all non-members of TPP will be similarly affected, there is also a basis for them to link up and provide mutual support to each other, as also to press for the systems created by TPP to be inclusive."
A similar exercise is also being carried out by the Jaipur-based Consumer Unity & Trust Society (CUTS) International. In a short note prepared for industry interaction, CUTS states that given that India's trade dependency on countries and regions belonging to these three large external trade agreements - TTIP, TPP and RCEP - is very high, the "possibility of diversion of trade and economic activities from India to trading partners within these preferential trade agreements, as a result of deepening preferential arrangements between them, is going to have very serious implications for the Indian economy. The negative impact of such diversion would be of high intensity. This emerging scenario necessitates a through ex ante analysis of implications for the Indian economy as a result of these agreements and arrive at policy directions that would help India to mitigate and adapt to substantial changes that are underway in its external economic environment."
In short, both the papers are of the view that within the next couple of years, business in India is going to witness a major change in global trade environment that needs immediate attention. A few areas that are important, include the need for adopting higher standards, increasing their presence in regional value chains and better management of trade regulatory systems.
The Indian industry has not been very proactive in this approach. But slowly, with several large corporations in the country looking to expand their global footprint, keeping track of the developments in the large regional and multi-regional trade agreements will become very important.
Product standards are expected to be very high since the US is keen on TPP working towards creating high standards for products. In all probability, the US will push to harmonise its own existing standards for other countries, which are a part of TPP. While Indian standards have improved over the years - with some attention from standard-setting bodies such as the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India, the Bureau of Indian Standards besides other bodies like the National Accreditation Board For Certification Bodies, which have worked to improve Indian standards - there is still scope for improvement and the impact of these regional trade agreements can be substantial if the industry distances itself from these emerging mega trade agreements.
The writer is Principal Adviser at APJ-SLG Law Offices
 Advertisements

Gold continues to flounder on demand slumpSep 11, 2014, 08.42 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Gold continues to flounder on demand slump
Gold prices tumbled to its lowest level in more than three months at the domestic bullion market here today on bouts of heavy speculative unwinding against the backdrop of fading demand.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold continues to flounder on demand slump
Gold prices tumbled to its lowest level in more than three months at the domestic bullion market here today on bouts of heavy speculative unwinding against the backdrop of fading demand.
Post your opinion here
 
Gold prices tumbled to its lowest level in more than three months at the domestic bullion market here today on bouts of heavy speculative unwinding against the backdrop of fading demand.
Reduced offtake by retailers and jewellery stockists in view of the ongoing 'Pitru Paksha' considered by Hindus to be inauspicious period amid global volatility also contributed to the downtrend, a bullion trader said.
The industrial metal, silver, also plummeted sharply to close below the key Rs 42,000 per kilo mark following frantic sell-off by traders.
Standard gold (99.5 purity) slumped by Rs 195 to finish at Rs 27,045 per 10 grams from overnight level of Rs 27,240.
Pure gold (99.9 purity) also dropped by similar margin to end at Rs 27,195 per 10 grams against Rs 27,390.
Silver (.999 fineness) tanked by a hefty Rs 680 to conclude at Rs 41,900 per kg against Wednesday's closing level of Rs 42,580.
Globally, the shiny metal remained under intense selling on strong dollar amid increasing speculation that the U.S. Federal Reserve could soon raise key interest rates.
Spot gold was bid lower at USD 1,248.59 an ounce in early European trade.
RELATED NEWS

Referendum poses threat to EU integrationSeptember 11, 2014 6:02 am
Risk from Scots vote throws investors
By Ralph Atkins in London
A ‘Yes’ outcome could bring wider push for regional independence
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/733d4c7e-38de-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Should you worry about the Gmail hackAgamoni Ghosh |  Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 08:00 PM IST
Should you worry about the Gmail hack?
The leaked info is thought to be outdated
Social networks buzzed on Thursday with news of a mass hack claiming that 5 million Gmail passwords were leaked on a Russian forum called Bitcoin Security.
With the recent iCould hack going viral, digital consumers have once again gone into panic mode fearing any potential leak of sensitive information. Quick to respond, Google acknowledged the leak but was confident that it was not due to a breach in its own systems and most of the information was outdated and old.
In a statement issued on a  blog post, Google said, "The security of our users' information is a top priority for us. We have no evidence that our systems have been compromised, but whenever we become aware that accounts may have been, we take steps to help those users secure their accounts."
According to them much of the information is old or out-of-date. Many of the accounts are suspended or have been matched to old passwords. The leak appears to have been collected via phishing and hacking over several years.
Google also went on to say the company  responded to the leak by quickly checking all of the stolen credentials to see if they actually worked as Gmail account logins. It found that only one to two per cent worked for the service. Google also secured the few leaked accounts and prompted their owners to change their passwords.
Normally Google's automated anti-hijacking systems blocks many of the login attempts which are unsuccessful, a trigger enough to send out warning to the orignal user about a possible hack
Although gmail accounts in particular may not be in danger, as the leak states random passwords those using identical or similar passwords for their mail accounts and bank accounts should revise it for safety.
Recent leaks
* An iCloud hack in August 2014 led to private photos of many celebrities going viral
* Russia’s Yandex & Mail.Ru faced a leak of 1 million users' e-mail passwords
* Adobe in 2013 reported data hack of over 38 million customers using Adobe ID's and encrypted passwords
 Advertisements

We re massive underdogs at CLT20: LangerCoach Justin Langer does not want his side to fear anyone (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Melbourne | Posted: September 11, 2014 1:43 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 4:37 pm
Perth Scorchers may have failed to win a single game at last year’s Champions League Twenty20 but the Justin Langer-coached side is hoping to set the record straight this year by winning the tournament.
An air of confidence is brewing among the Scorchers, especially after they broke Western Australia cricket’s 10-year title drought last summer with their victory over the Hobart Hurricanes in the Big Bash League final.
“Our goal is to go there and win the Champions League. It’s the Australian way to look to win every game of cricket we play. The NSW (New South Wales) team won it a few years ago, and that’s a good trend to follow,” Langer was quoted as saying by the ‘Australian Associated Press’.
“We’re massive underdogs, and that’s not a bad thing to be for an Aussie,” he said.
The Scorchers failed to win a game at last year’s tournament, while off-field misadventures dogged their failed campaign in 2012.
Indian heavyweights Chennai Super Kings, Kings XI Punjab and Kolkata Knight Riders are the front-runners to win this year’s Champions League but Langer does not want his side to fear anyone.
Shaun Marsh’s elbow injury, the absence of Alfonso Thomas and the retirement of captain Simon Katich have left a massive void in the Scorchers’ line-up. But in Mitch Marsh, the Scorchers possess an all-rounder capable of tearing games apart.
Marsh missed last year’s tournament with a hamstring injury, but the 22-year-old has been in the form of his life recently, smacking scores of 86 not out and 89 in Australia’s recent one-day tour of Africa.
Langer is hopeful all-rounder Nathan Coulter-Nile, who underwent hamstring surgery on June 24, will be given the green light to play.
“We are very hopeful he’ll be on the plane with us. He’s had a fantastic rehabilitation on his hamstring. He’s very important to the balance of our side. If he doesn’t play the first game, he’ll definitely play the second, third, and or fourth game,” he said.
The Scorchers first match is on September 20 against South African outfit the Dolphins.
Squad: Adam Voges, Ashton Agar, Cameron Bancroft, Michael Beer, Jason Behrendorff, Hilton Cartwright, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Brad Hogg, Simon Mackin, Mitchell Marsh, Joel Paris, Craig Simmons, Ashton Turner, Sam Whiteman, Yasir Arafat.

Why Falling Gas Prices Have Further to GoWhy Falling Gas Prices Have Further to Go
 
Sep 11, 2014 9:05am
Morning Money Memo…
There’s good news about the cost of energy: It’s getting cheaper. The cost of oil has been falling for weeks on global markets. West Texas crude is now just under $91 a barrel. The International Energy Agency has again cut its oil demand forecast for this year. “The recent slowdown in demand growth is nothing short of remarkable,” the IEA says in its report today. “While demand growth is still expected to gain momentum, the expected pace of recovery is now looking somewhat more subdued.” Compared with August of last year global supply rose more than 800,000 barrels a day. Rising US oil production is one important factor keeping a lid on the cost of oil. US gasoline prices are expected to continue the downward trend this fall, analysts say.
Starbucks may lift its ban on visible tattoos for its employees. Until now the coffee chain has told baristas to keep them under wraps. But thousands of Starbucks employees signed a petition that opposes the ban. The company is rethinking its dress code, including the tattoo policy, according to an internal memo from Chief Operating Officer Troy Alstead. “The company expects to announce a dress code update within the next few weeks,” a company spokesman told USA Today. Some employees complained that even in hot weather they must wear long-sleeved shirts to hide their tattoos.
More than six years after the start of the recession unemployment is still well above normal levels. But many companies have openings for skilled workers, and find it difficult to find qualified workers. Adults who want to improve their job skills don’t have to go to an expensive college. Udemy.com is a marketplace of online learning, serving nearly 3 million students in 190 countries since it was launched four years ago. “Most of our courses are around skill development,” says Dennis Yang, CEO of Udemy. “We have over 16,000 courses and we’re adding about a thousand courses per month.” Some are free while others include a fee. The courses are rated and reviewed by students. “The workplace itself is changing so rapidly today,” says Yang. “It’s really changing faster today than it ever has before.” Nearly 25 percent of Udemy’s students are stay-at-home parents. Many take courses on computer systems, web design, marketing, or negotiating skills to prepare them to meet the requirements of today’s jobs.
U.S. regulators have approved a new weight-loss drug called Contrave, made by Orexigen Therapeutics, based in La Jolla, California. The Food and Drug Administration says the drug is approved for use by people who have a body mass index of 30 or higher, which is the level at which people are considered to be obese. It is also approved for use by people with a BMI of 27 or higher who also have a weight-related medical condition such as diabetes. In addition to Contrave, the FDA has approved Qsymia and Belviq. Sales of the drugs have been below expectations because of limited insurance coverage and high costs for patients.
RadioShack says it may need more capital to help complete its turnaround efforts. CEO Joseph Magnacca says the consumer electronics retailer is actively exploring options for overhauling its balance sheet and is in advanced talks with “a number of parties.” RadioShack has been losing money and closing stores. Magnacca says more cost savings are being considered.
Stock averages snapped a two-day losing streak, with a jump in Apple shares that helped lift the mood of the market. Apple had its biggest gain since April of more than 3 percent after announcing updated versions of the iPhone, a new smartwatch and a mobile payment system.
Richard Davies Business Correspondent ABC News Radio abcnews.com Twitter: daviesnow

Ukraine s President Pledges To Give The Country s East More AutonomyUkraine's President Pledges To Give The Country's East More Autonomy
 | By                                                                LAURA MILLS
Updated:
09/10/2014  8:59 am EDT
MARIUPOL, UKRAINE - SEPTEMBER 8:  President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko gives speech to workers during his visit to Mariupol, southern coastal town of Ukraine, on 8 September, 2014. (Photo by Press Office of Ukraine Presidency - Mykola Lazarenko/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images) | Anadolu Agency via Getty Images
reddit
KIEV, Ukraine (AP) — Ukraine's president promised Wednesday to introduce a bill as early as next week that would offer greater autonomy to the pro-Russian east, where separatists have been battling government troops for almost five months.
But President Petro Poroshenko said the regions would remain part of Ukraine and rejected the idea of federalization, something both Russia and the separatists are still pushing for even after a cease-fire that began Friday.
The cease-fire deal reached in Belarus "envisages the restoration and preservation of Ukrainian sovereignty over the entire territory of Donbas, including the part that is temporarily under control of the rebels," Poroshenko said during a televised Cabinet meeting. "Ukraine has made no concessions with regards to its territorial integrity."
Ukraine and the West have repeatedly accused Russia of fueling the separatists with arms, expertise and even its own troops, something Russia denies. In late August, NATO estimated that more than 1,000 Russian troops were operating on Ukrainian soil, helping to turn the tide of the war in the rebels' favor.
In Berlin, German Chancellor Angela Merkel called Wednesday for new sanctions against Russia, which were drawn up Monday by the 28-nation European Union but have not yet been enforced because the peace plan for eastern Ukraine has not been fully implemented. The new sanctions are expected to deepen earlier penalties targeting Russia's energy and arms sectors and tighten Russia's access to international loans.
Merkel told Germany's parliament that the cease-fire has improved the situation on the ground but there was "a lack of clarity on the fulfillment" of many other points of the peace plan.
Ambassadors from EU nations were meeting later Wednesday in Brussels to discuss the sanctions against Russia.
Poroshenko has struggled to paint the Minsk cease-fire agreement — reached as the rebels waged a major counteroffensive that pushed back the Ukrainian troops who had encircled them — as a victory rather than a defeat. Poroshenko says since the agreement, 70 percent of the Russian troops in Ukraine have been withdrawn.
He also said 700 Ukrainian prisoners had been freed from rebel captivity and expressed hope that another 500 would be freed by the end of the week.
It was unclear, however, how many of those freed were soldiers rather than civilians. Col. Andriy Lysenko, spokesman for the Ukrainian National Security Council, told journalists that only 20 servicemen had returned home so far. In Donetsk, a rebel spokesman said a planned exchange of 36 soldiers from each side had been put off until Thursday, blaming the government for the delay.
The cease-fire has been violated numerous times and Poroshenko accused the separatists of "provoking" Ukraine's troops. Ukraine says five servicemen have been killed and 33 injured since Friday. A volley of rocket fire was heard in the rebel-held city of Donetsk late Tuesday.
Poroshenko was vague on the specifics of his proposed bill, and it was unclear how much autonomy would be offered to the rebellious regions. But a previous peace plan laid out in June envisaged protection for the Russian language, joint patrols of federal and local police and letting local representatives give their approval for governors, who are appointed by the central government in Kiev.
All of those concessions are minor in comparison to what the separatists want, which at times as been full independence from Kiev or union with Russia, a demand that Russian President Vladimir Putin has ignored. But even conceding to demands that Ukraine become federalized would require local control over security forces and elections for governors.
Reacting to Poroshenko's comments, the leader of the rebels in Luhansk, Igor Plotnitsky, said in a statement carried by Russian news agencies that the rebels would only accept secession from Ukraine.
"Neither we, nor our friends in Donetsk, are going to abandon the course to build our own state," he said. "A temporary cease-fire cannot cancel the results of the people's vote. People voted unanimously for the independence of our republics. There's no way back to the previous status."
Other rebels have been in favor of a broad autonomy.
Plotnitsky said the next round of talks between Moscow, Kiev, the insurgents and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe is likely to discuss the status of the rebel-held areas.
Poroshenko may have difficulty crafting a bill that is palatable to both the separatists and his parliament, which is gearing up for a parliamentary election on October 26. The Ukrainian public has been largely supportive of the war against the separatists.
___
Associated Press writers Peter Leonard in Donetsk, Ukraine, Nataliya Vasilyeva in Moscow, and Geir Moulson in Berlin contributed to this report.
Related on HuffPost:

China fines Audi and Chrysler for price-fixing© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/69fff63a-3991-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt to invite Chinese companies to  make in IndiaGovt to invite Chinese companies to 'make in India'
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 11, 2014
First Published: 00:25 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:38 IST(11/9/2014)
Comments
India and China are likely to announce a series of measures including more market access for Indian goods and setting up a Chinese manufacturing hub in India, during President Xi Jinping's visit this month.
Both countries will also look at ways to reduce India's trade deficit, which increased from $39.44 billion in 2011-12 to $40.77 billion in 2012-13. Exports fell from $18.08 billion in 2011-12 to $13.53 billion in 2012-13. China has invested only $410 million between April 2000 and June 2014.
"We have asked Chinese officials to set up a manufacturing infrastructure in India and not just make it a hub for exports," commerce minister Nirmala Sitharaman said while highlighting the initiatives her ministry has taken in the first 100 days of the NDA government. "Manufacturing in China and selling in India is not looking favourable to India. We believe this visit will present a good scope for increasing China's investment and trade with India."
Sitharaman also ruled out any cut in gold imports duty, saying there was "no immediate plan," even though the current account deficit - the difference between dollar inflows and outflows - have fallen to comfortable levels.
Setting up of industrial parks and special economic zones for Chinese companies in India will be highlighted during meetings with Chinese officials, she said, adding "We are also asking for more market access for our products in China."
China is expected to announce $5-billion investment in setting up two industrial parks in Gujarat and Maharashtra.
The move is important to restore economic momentum and provide jobs to tens of thousands of people that enter the workforce each month.
Sitharaman ruled out the imposition of anti-dumping duty on imports of solar panels from countries such as the US and China. "There was no notification. We allowed (the proposal) to lapse."
Sino-Indian relations will see a "directional change" with Xi's visit, she said, besides boosting trade and investments. "After 50 years, mutual relations will get a directional change... will improve," she said.
The minister pointed out that finance minister Arun Jaitley has said exceptions can be made on the Land Acquisition Act. The government was mulling dual use of SEZ land, she said.
Reiterating India's stand at the World Trade organisation (WTO) on stock holding of foodgrains, she said, "It is important for India's National Food Security."
China and many other WTO members now understand and appreciate India's stand on food security, which resulted in a stalemate on the Trade Facilitation Agreement, she added.
On Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the US this month, the minister said that the discussion between the two leaders would include visa and labour movement issue and greater market access for the Indian pharma sector to the US.
The government will soon announce a Foreign Trade Policy, she added. "I can give you a broad idea, but not an intrinsic details. Whatever was the structure of earlier FTPs, it would be different from that." FTP 2014-19 seeks to boost manufacturing and exports, among other things.

The National Development Policy CommissionShankar Acharya |  Array Sep 10, 2014
Last Updated at 09:50 PM IST
Shankar Acharya: The National Development Policy Commission
What should replace the Planning Commission?
Ever since the prime minister announced the demise of the Planning Commission (PC) from the ramparts of the Red Fort last month, the commentariat has been busy speculating about and pronouncing on the shape of the of the new institution to take its place. I feel duty-bound to offer some thoughts. My focus will be entirely on the new body, not on the erstwhile PC. All I will say on the latter is that I am broadly sympathetic to the fairly widespread view (see, for example, C Rangarajan in The Hindu of August 28, 2014) that the PC's roles of financial resource allocation, project appraisal/evaluation and acting as a secretariat to the National Development Council can, and should be, transferred to other organs of the government, such as ministries and the Finance Commission. Its role of preparing medium-term blueprints (plans) for national economic and social development needs to be seriously recast before inclusion in the mandate of the successor institution.
So what should the new institution do? How should it be staffed? How should it be empowered? What should it be called?
Functions
Much of the commentary thus far has assumed that the new body should be some sort of government "think tank" or "think tank plus". Well, yes, may ... except the connotation of "think tank" to many people is of a research organisation primarily charged with undertaking basic or applied research, with the latter sometimes feeding into policy. My discomfort with this is that government organs in India too often dismiss think tanks (and their output) as "academic", in the sense of not practically useful. I believe the intention here is much more about having a policy-focused organisation, which is charged with advising government (initially central, later including states that seek advice) on key policies of national economic and social development. Of course, to be credible and useful such policy advice has to be analytically sound, research-based and cognizant of the real political economy. It should be backed by a good deal of "creative thinking", to use the prime minister's phrase.
It would be unrealistic to expect the new institution to be able to credibly advise on all big issues in national development right away. Where should it start? My suggestion would be to initially build analytical/advisory capacity in four or five key priority areas indicated below.
International economic analysis: We live in a fast-changing world, where shifts in economic power, trade, technology and capital flows are often quite swift, with serious implications for India's development potential, possibilities, constraints and policies. Yet no single place in the current government structure is well-equipped to assess these developments, draw out the implications for India and advise on appropriate national policy. The new institution is the right home.
Employment and labour markets: Creating many more half-decent jobs for the 10 million plus new entrants to the labour force each year must surely constitute the primary development challenge for India today. Labour-using economic development is the surest path to more "inclusion" in our society, a path we have yet to find. The new institution should accord primary attention to understanding the primary constraints to employment-intensive development in today's India and then propagate the policy reforms required to lift these constraints.
Energy and environment: As we know from a daily reading of newspapers, India faces major and complex issues in energy production, pricing, demand management, coordination/planning across sub-sectors (coal, hydro, oil and gas, nuclear, electricity, and solar and other non-conventional sources) and the associated issues relating to environmental impact and conservation. These issues need sustained, high-quality analysis to yield good policies to develop the country's varied energy supplies to meet the growing demand.
Transport and communication: Similarly, the domain of transport and communication development cuts across various sectors (such as railways, roads, ports, shipping, inland waterways, air transport, telecommunication and information technology) and ministerial responsibilities. Here, too, medium- and long-range forward thinking is critical to develop the right kind of development strategies and to foster appropriate regulatory and policy frameworks. As in the case of energy/environment, this set of issues needs urgent and continuous analytical attention, which the new institution should aim to provide.
Water, sanitation and public health: Issues of water scarcity and mismanagement are becoming serious constraints to both rural and urban development. Water is linked to many things, including the long festering problems of inadequate sanitation and sewerage, which are at last receiving serious attention, especially since they are closely linked to basic issues of public health. Again, because of the cross-sectoral (and cross-ministerial) nature of these problems, the new institution would do well to focus on this area early in its evolution.
What about a name?
Names are important. Here's by suggestion: National Development Policy Commission (NDPC). That should make clear that the new institution is national, it's about development, and, crucially, it's about actual government policy ... that it's not just a think tank producing research papers only a few read. Of course, a name is no guarantee of a vibrant and effective future.
Organisation and staffing
If the new NDPC is to get off to a good start, two things are absolutely essential. It must have strong prime ministerial support, and it must be equipped with high-quality staff. As in the case of the erstwhile PC, the prime minister should chair the NDPC, with a well-empowered, Cabinet-level deputy, who really runs the institution. Will that be enough to ensure that the rest of the government pays attention to the policy papers and advice offered by the NDPC, especially in the absence of the PC's allocative functions? That is an open question. There are ways of increasing the chances for getting governmental attention: such as by requiring Cabinet discussion and decision on the policy papers prepared by the NDPC; or by requiring that all Cabinet notes in the NDPC's designated (and gradually evolving) areas of focus/expertise should only reach the Cabinet after inclusion of the NDPC's comments.
The effectiveness of the NDPC will depend crucially on the quality of its policy advice. And the best chance of ensuring high-quality advice is to staff the organisation with high-quality people, whether economists, technologists or various domain experts. Ergo, the NDPC must have highly flexible recruitment rules, which allow engagement of high-quality analysts for several years or a few months as required. Their number need not be large. It must also have a generous consultancy/research budget that allows it to readily farm out necessary, specialised studies to existing think tanks and non-government experts. It must not become a convenient parking spot for various "surplus" government cadres.
Beyond all this, the NDPC's success (or failure) will depend on luck and the unknowable trajectory of events and people that actually make history.
The author is honorary professor at ICRIER and former chief economic adviser to the government. These views are his own
 Advertisements

RadioShack says may file for bankruptcy0
David Tawil, president of hedge fund Maglan Capital that focuses on companies approaching bankruptcy, said he saw "major execution risks" to RadioShack's recapitalization and turnaround efforts.
"I don't think that the chances are great that RadioShack survives," Tawil said, adding that the company's credit default swaps were trading higher, pointing to market expectations of a near-term debt default.
The company ended the second quarter with $30.5 million in cash and $658.0 million in debt, which matures between 2018 and 2019.
LAST RESORT
The company on Thursday raised doubts about its ability to continue as a going concern and said it may have to liquidate if it fails to restructure its balance sheet.
RadioShack stores, which have been around for more than 90 years, were once the go-to shops for budding innovators and engineers for products that ranged from vacuum tube speakers to the first mass-produced PC.
The retailer, however, has done little to transform itself into a destination for mobile phone buyers, with its e-commerce strategy lagging far behind rivals such as Best Buy Co Inc and Amazon.com Inc .
The stock plummeted as much as 20 percent to 76 cents on Wednesday after Pachter said the company could file for bankruptcy soon, making the stock worthless by the end of this year. The stock has fallen from a high of $78 at the peak of the dotcom boom.
The company's net loss widened to $137.4 million, or $1.35 per share, in the second quarter ended Aug. 2 from $52.2 million, or 51 cents per share, a year earlier.
Revenue fell nearly 22 percent to $673.8 million.
(Reporting by Ramkumar Iyer and Tanya Agrawal in Bangalore; Editing by Kirti Pandey and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)

How the fast-fashion supply chain became drug cartels favorite place to launder cashBorders
3 hours ago
Law enforcement officials swarmed Los Angeles’ fashion district yesterday, seizing $65 million in cash and bank accounts they say is part of a massive scheme to launder drug money.
They described a system in which drug cartels piggy-backed on the globalization of the fashion industry to get the proceeds of their drug sales out of the United States without detection by the authorities. As apparel brands seek to move clothing from factory to store as fast as possible, criminal organizations have found an opportunity to move cash in the reverse direction.
While most apparel manufacturing occurs in emerging markets and the largest fast-fashion brands are European, Los Angeles is still an important city for the trade , home to US brands like Forever 21, bebe, Hot Topic and Papaya. The businesses implicated in this undercover investigation , however, are smaller apparel wholesalers and middlemen in LA’s fashion district.
According to an industry profile  (pdf) underwritten by commercial lender CIT and the California Fashion Industry, Mexico is the second-largest source of apparel and textile imports in Los Angeles, behind China. Mexican wages are now cheaper than those in China, while the country’s geographic proximity means faster delivery—and thanks to the North American Free Trade Agreement, wholesalers are rewarded for beginning production in the US, sending the apparel to factories in Mexico to be finished, and then returning them to the US for sale.
That’s where the drug cartels come in: They have lots of cash in the US, and they can’t just declare it when they bring it back over the border and convert it to pesos, especially after restrictions on the use of dollars in Mexico and money-laundering crackdowns have hit banks that appear to have done business with cartels, like HSBC and Citigroup . Instead, the cartels have turned to “black-market peso exchanges,” which work like this:
A business in Mexico needs to buy goods in Los Angeles—apparel for finishing before it’s returned across the border, or for retail sale.
A black-market peso broker offers to handle the exchange. It has the cartel’s representatives deliver the dollars to a US wholesaler, who ships the goods to Mexico.
The business in Mexico receives the goods, and pays the broker in pesos.
The broker hands the pesos over to the cartel, minus his cut.
And thus, everyone gets what it wants: The cartel has its money moved and converted, the Mexican business receives its goods, the US business gets paid, and the broker makes a percentage.
Everyone, that is, except the government, which has a harder time tracking the money trail. (Following the money, of course, is one of the best tactics against drug cartels, and criminal organizations of all kinds.)
Black-market peso exchanges have been used not just to launder drug money, but also to conceal the ransoms paid for kidnapping victims: After one courier had his cargo of 100 kilograms of cocaine seized by the US government, he was kidnapped and tortured in Mexico until his family and friends brought a $140,000 ransom to a maternity clothing wholesaler in Los Angeles.
Share this:

Australian unemployment hits 12-year high© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/315dd376-1de2-11e4-8f0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sebi pulls up BSE for lapses in NMDC s 2012 OFS issueLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sebi pulls up BSE for lapses in NMDC's 2012 OFS issue
Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India has censured BSE with respect to lapses in the Rs 6000-crore NMDC offer-for-sale that took place in 2012.
Post your opinion here
09:00 pm
Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India has censured BSE with respect to lapses in the Rs 6000-crore NMDC offer-for-sale that took place in 2012.
In an order today, SEBI asked the stock exchange to conduct independent review for remedial steps for lapses that had occured during NMDC’s OFS and advised it to conduct a detailed probe into confirmation of bids by Citibank NA.
In December 2012, SEBI sought an explanation from  BSE for accepting bids for four crore shares after the cut-off time for trading was over.
Since SEBI found that the confirmation of bids for NMDC's 4.55 crore shares, worth Rs 682 crore received from Citibank with available funds was clearly not concluded within the stipulated time of half an hour after post close session.
In its order now, SEBI has found BSE guilty and has asked it to engage one or more independent consultants to review the entire sequence of events in the matter, the processes followed, checks in place, systems employed while accepting the OFS bids by BSE.
The exchange would also need to inform SEBI within further three months as to how the recommendations of the consultants, along with the regulator’s directions have been implemented.
BSE shall then fix the responsibility internally, both in terms of processes and personnel, and take appropriate action.
RELATED NEWS

Russia threatens to cap car and clothing importsLast updated: September 11, 2014 6:07 pm
Russia threatens to cap western car and clothing imports
By Courtney Weaver in Moscow and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28b7828c-39ab-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russian import sanctions hit food pricesSeptember 11, 2014 1:29 pm
Grain stocks set to be highest since 2003
By Gregory Meyer in New York and Emiko Terazono in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51412f48-399f-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CLT20 will be a good platform to showcase formYusuf Pathan wants to pick up from where he ended in the IPL (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Posted: September 11, 2014 1:35 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 4:16 pm
Confident of a good showing in the Champions League Twenty20 and the domestic season ahead, all-rounder Yusuf Pathan has said there is enough time before the 2015 World Cup for him to prove his mettle and make a comeback into the Indian team.
“The last IPL season was very good and the upcoming season provides ample opportunity to perform and make yourself noticed. There is still enough time for the 2015 World Cup and I certainly see myself there and that is my aim at the moment,” said Pathan, who was part of the Indian squad when the Men in Blue won the World Cup in 2011.
“My season will start with Champions League followed by one-dayers and then the Duleep Trophy. The things I have been doing to improve myself as a player have worked for me,” the Kolkata Knight Riders batsman told PTI.
Aiming to carry on the momentum from the Indian Premier League triumph, Pathan said the Champions League is a big tournament and he would like to pick up from where he ended in the IPL.
“It will certainly be a good platform to showcase your form. The season gone by has been very good with KKR and I would like to take it forward from there,” the Baroda bomber said.
Pathan finished off a great season for the Gautam Gambhir-led KKR. The hard-hitting batsman smashed the fastest IPL fifty, in just 15 balls, to help the Shah Rukh Khan-owned unit stay second in the league stage and finally clinch its second title.
“We have a good team and a nice combination to lock horns with the best sides of the world. We have good fast bowlers, pretty good spinners and quality batsmen. So we have got all the ingredients needed to take on a good side,” the 31-year- old said.
“The way we played IPL season 7, got past the best of teams with the best of players and proved our worth, we will surely take our performance forward and rise to the challenge in CLT20. So I definitely see KKR in the top heap of CLT20 teams,” he said.
Praising KKR captain Gambhir for the side’s success, Pathan said, “The way Gautam Gambhir has led the side in the season gone by, it has been inspirational. He leads by example and he has played a big role in our teams’ success. You can have 10 support staff but they can never double up for a captain. On the ground, captain is in charge and he has to take care of the 11 men.”
Lauding the work of the KKR support staff, Pathan said they are “very good” and approach each of the players individually.
“There are people who have played cricket at the very top in our support staff like Wasim Akram. So we learn something different from each of them,” he said.
Asked about KKR’s not-so-good showing in the Champions League previously, Pathan said in 2012, they were playing the CLT20 after a long gap since winning the IPL title then.
“It makes a lot difference when continued…
My season will start with Champions League followed by one-dayers and then the Duleep Trophy

Luxury goods  handbagged© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f0c97720-b040-11e3-8efc-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK launches civil action against CiticSeptember 11, 2014 11:12 am
Hong Kong launches civil action against Citic
By Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94605ad6-398d-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Republicans should do betterBy Jennifer Rubin September 11 at 10:00 AM Follow @JRubinBlogger
As Republicans contemplate their response to the president’s speech , they would do well to consider his omissions and strange notions about whom we are fighting and what sort of threat our foes pose.
House Speaker John Boehner, left, speaks during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington on Sept. 9. (J. Scott Applewhite/Associated Press)
The president says the Islamic State is not Islamic nor a state. Huh? Members of the group sure consider themselves Muslim, so who is the president to pass doctrinal judgment? Cliff May of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies notes, “Abu Bakr al Baghdadi, ‘caliph’ of the Islamic State, is of course a Muslim – and it’s not for Obama to say he is not.” May explains, “Baghdadi is what is known as a Salafi Jihadist. That suggests he is a fundamentalist — not a heretic.” Refusing to recognize reality (even after two beheadings) amounts to ideological blindness and a lack of appreciation for the motives and nature of our foes. As for the state part, Obama is again wrong. “The Islamic State is not a state? Why not?” asks May. “It controls territory. It has a flag. It has arms and utilizes force. It rules subjects. It imposes taxes. In what sense is it not a state? Because it’s not a member of the General Assembly — yet?” Again, the president refuses to recognize that, like the Taliban that took over Afghanistan, the Islamists in a state of their own in the Middle East presents the threat of a haven and launching pad for attacks on our homeland.
Fred and Kim Kagan have a similar take: “ISIL has described a very clear vision of seizing control of all of the territory of Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Jordan, Israel, and the Palestinian Territories. It intends to abolish all of the borders and redraw them according to a new structure of governance suitable to its hateful version of an old Islamic heresy. That vision also makes it more than a simple terrorist organization. It’s awfully hard to develop a sound strategy when you start by mis-diagnosing the problem so profoundly. That’s why the ‘strategy’ the president just announced has no chance of success.”
So Republicans should not shy from taking issue with the president and showing themselves to be fully cognizant of the danger we face currently.
Republicans must also be careful to calibrate a response commensurate with the threat. May observes, “I understand why he would not want to acknowledge past mistakes, for example not supporting Syrian nationalists when they were stronger and more numerous more than three years ago; failing to leave a residual force in Iraq; and calling what used to be ISIS a ‘JV team.’ But for him to say the model for this operation is Somalia and Yemen is disappointing.”  May continues, “A global conflict is being waged against America and the West. America and the West are not yet responding appropriately or proportionately.” In short, serious Republicans should argue against artificial limits (950 ground troops?!) and press the president not to dawdle in carrying the fight to jihadists in Syria.
Two serious Republican senators, John McCain (Ariz.) and Lindsey Graham (S.C.), praised the plan for airstrikes in Syria but warned that “the President’s plan will likely be insufficient to destroy ISIS, which is the world’s largest, richest terrorist army. To destroy ISIS, create conditions for enduring security in the Middle East, and protect the American people, additional steps are necessary.” They advocate additional U.S. special forces, a regional force in Syria made up of Middle East allies, and “taking out [Syrian President Bashar al-]Assad’s air power, creating safe zones to protect civilians, and helping the Free Syrian Army to resist both ISIS and the Assad regime.” They also warn against abandoning Iraq, again. (“It is troubling that President Obama is unwilling to admit that his failure to leave a force behind in Iraq, as our military commanders recommended at the time, contributed to the rise of ISIS. . . . He should maintain a residual presence of U.S. forces in Iraq to ensure that our gains against ISIS are enduring.”)
Republicans should not be naive about the threat, nor underestimate the Republican base’s thirst for real leadership and realistic rhetoric. In the most recent Fox News poll, 72 percent of Republicans say it was wrong to pull out all our troops from Iraq; only 24 percent say it was the right thing. Do GOP candidates really want to align themselves with Obama and the 24 percent? Moreover, 62 percent recognize that we may need ground troops. Republicans should cease pandering to those who want to rule out action before we have even begun to “degrade and destroy” the Islamic State.
And as for the Yemen and Somalia comparison, Republicans should be emphatic: The goal should not be to have the Islamic State become two failed states in which terrorists still operate. Multiple experts have noted that these two countries are, frankly, a mess . (“If the strategy in Iraq works as well as it has in Yemen, we can be sure that the Islamic State will retain safe-havens, plan and conduct terror operations against Americans, and regain ground as the local security forces crumble.”) Do we really want to have as our model “a deadly game of ‘whack-a-mole’ with no definitive victory in sight. And U.S. airstrikes regularly kill civilians, fueling anti-American resentment that feeds radical Islamist organizations in a vicious cycle”?
Republicans will not serve the country, the party or themselves by patting the president on the back for “improvement.” The president still doesn’t have it right. Liz Cheney e-mailed after the speech: “Holding Yemen and Somalia out as models of an effective strategy demonstrates once again how disengaged from reality Barack Obama is. Announcing that he is going to continue the drawdown in Afghanistan as he watches the devastation caused by the drawdown in Iraq is incomprehensible.” It is a strategy, but not a winning one., she argues: “The president seems dedicated to doing as little as possible, which will only result in prolonging the conflict and increasing our casualties. We need a president willing to take bold, immediate, decisive action now to defeat ISIS.”
Republicans who want to distinguish themselves from him and his ex-secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, should be clear in their criticism and specific in their own recommendations. If not, there is no reason to conclude they are ready to lead.
UPDATE: It is telling that the president, as he did so many times in Afghanistan and in deciding against a substantial stay-behind force in Iraq, again rejected military advice on how to defeat the Islamic State. The Post reports :
Responding to a White House request for options to confront the Islamic State, Gen. Lloyd Austin, the top commander of U.S. forces in the Middle East, said that his best military advice was to send a modest contingent of American troops, principally Special Operations forces, to advise and assist Iraqi army units in fighting the militants, according to two U.S. military officials. The recommendation, conveyed to the White House by Gen. Martin Dempsey, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, was cast aside in favor of options that did not involve U.S. ground forces in a front-line role, a step adamantly opposed by the White House. Instead, Obama had decided to send an additional 475 U.S. troops to assist Iraqi and ethnic Kurdish forces with training, intelligence and equipment.
Recommitting ground combat forces to Iraq would have been highly controversial, and most likely would have been opposed by a substantial majority of Americans. But Austin’s predecessor, retired Marine Gen. James Mattis, said the decision not to send ground troops poses serious risks to the mission.
In other words, he lacked George W. Bush’s nerve, exhibited in the Iraq surge when he, too, had to choose between victory and popular opinion. Obama is no George Bush.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410444025/1410444025000/1410444025 tracking: {authors=Jennifer Rubin, blog_name=right-turn, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=how-should-republicans-respond-to-obamas-speech-on-the-islamic-state, post_id=28298, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 2:00:25 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 2:00:25 PM

Govt  RBI ask banks to declare names of wilful defaulters quicklyGovt, RBI ask banks to declare names of wilful defaulters quickly
Mahua Venkatesh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 11, 2014
First Published: 00:32 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:51 IST(11/9/2014)
Comments
The government and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) have asked banks to swiftly declare names of other wilful defaulters besides Vijay Mallya-promoted Kingfisher Airlines.
United Bank of India recently declared Kingfisher Airlines, Vijay Mallya and three directors on board wilful defaulters. State Bank of India has also sent a notice to tag them wilful defaulters. "We have already sent a notice to KFA (to declare it as wilful defaulter). There is a mandatory time that needs to be given to them to respond and that time is currently on," SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya had said.
"Banks cannot be keep on giving time to the wilful defaulters, they need to act swiftly," a senior finance ministry official said.
Banks, which have witnessed a surge in the level of non-performing assets (NPAs) - loans that do not yield returns - have also been asked to aggressively adopt the name and shame policy to make public the list of wilful defaulters.
In a notification issued on Tuesday, the RBI also said that guarantors, who refuse to fulfil their obligations to banks despite having adequate resources, will also be treated as wilful defaulters.
Besides UBI and SBI, another lender to the Kingfisher, Punjab National Bank, is also in the process of doing the same.
"NPAs have increased as the economy of the country has slowed down in the last two years… Besides, there are many people whose intentions are not good... they do not want to repay the loans," finance minister Arun Jaitley said last month.
The NPA level in government banks rose to 4.72%, or Rs. 2,16,729 crore, as on March 2014 against 3.84% in year-ago period.
The finance ministry is also looking to amend the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interest (SARFAESI) Act, 2002 to ensure timely closures of cases and reduce the level bad assets.

Like Obama  Arab leaders must sell the war against the Islamic State to their own peopleHere's how we're going to do it.Reuters/Brendan Smialowski/Pool
SHARE
Bobby Ghosh
3 hours ago
Now that president Barack Obama has made his case for war against the Islamic State (IS) to the American people, the harder task falls to secretary of state John Kerry: to get Arab states to join a broad coalition against the terrorist group that controls large parts of Syria and Iraq.
And perhaps more difficult still, Kerry must persuade Arab leaders to follow Obama’s example and communicate to their own peoples why IS (also known as ISIS or ISIL) must be defeated. Autocrats almost to a man, Arab leaders rarely think it necessary to explain themselves, but the fight against IS cannot be won without broad support among ordinary people.
Judging by his speech, Obama is looking mainly for a military alliance against IS.  He has sent Kerry to Saudi Arabia for intensive talks with officials from across the region  about a strategy to defeat IS. In addition to the Saudis, Kerry will meet officials from Turkey, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, Jordan, Lebanon, Iraq, and Egypt. Kerry’s message: This is your fight.
Obama and Kerry have already cobbled together a “ core coalition ” of NATO states for what promises to be a long campaign. But they know an international military effort will lack credibility if it doesn’t include a large contingent of Arab states.
Like the US, many of these countries will not commit to putting boots on the ground, but there are lots of other ways they can help. Each of them has an air force—comprised mainly of American and European planes—that can be deployed over Iraq and Syria. Many have powerful intelligence agencies that can both gather information from IS-controlled areas and, perhaps more important, stop the flow of volunteers and money into the ranks of the terrorists. Countries bordering the war zone can provide logistical help. The oil-rich kingdoms can also help underwrite the military campaign.
On the face of it, this should not be a hard sale: IS has, after all, killed tens of thousands of Arabs, and represents a far greater danger to Arab states that to the US. It has already made incursions into Lebanon , and has menaced Jordan .
Saudi Arabia’s King Abdullah  has warned that IS will bring terror to Europe and the US, but he is mindful that the terrorists are much closer to his own country: Saudi Arabia has a long border with Iraq , and many of the fighters in IS ranks are Saudi nationals. Like al-Qaeda, IS regards the Saudi royal family as an enemy of Islam. The terrorists have reportedly even threatened to destroy the Kaaba , a sacred site in Mecca.
The Saudis have already agreed to provide a military base for the training of Syrian opposition fighters not aligned with IS or al-Qaeda. Riyadh must do much more. The UAE and Egypt have already demonstrated a willingness to take military action against Islamist militants in a third Arab nation. They must now be persuaded to do the same in Iraq and Syria.
The template for the coalition against IS should be the international effort in 1991, marshaled by another US secretary of state, James A. Baker III , to drive Saddam Hussein’s forces from Kuwait. The presence of many Arab nations was not only vital for the military strategy, it also prevented Saddam from portraying the conflict as a battle between Islam and the West. Kerry will no doubt invoke the Baker coalition in his conversations with Arab officials in Riyadh.
But as effective as the 1991 military campaign was, many Arab people felt no sense of ownership over the victory. Their leaders had not sought their approval, and had failed to explain why it was necessary to join non-Arab armies to eject Saddam from Kuwait. This explains why Saddam remained popular among Arabs long after his defeat in Kuwait. It also allowed Osama bin Laden to portray the 1991 campaign as an unholy alliance between Arab elites (mainly the Saudi royal family) and the Western “crusaders.”
George W. Bush’s 2003 war against Iraq, too, was portrayed—and not only by extremists—as a clash of civilizations. Although Kuwait provided the launching ground for the war, most Arab states stayed out, and al-Qaeda was once again able to make propaganda hay. It fell to Bush to explain his motivations to the Arab world, but few bought his assurances that the war would lead to democracy in the Middle East.
This must not happen again. Obama is wise to avoid the political overreach of his predecessor: It was never in Bush’s power to deliver democracy to the Arabs. Instead, Obama and Kerry can take smaller steps to making Arab leaders more accountable.
To defeat IS, the new coalition must not only command the skies and support troops on the ground, it must also seize the high ground of the moral argument. That has to start with Arab leaders talking to their people.
Share this:

Its seel on rallies fpor me...i dont see any value in this stock unles...Platinum Member
71 Followers
its seel on rallies fpor me...i dont see any value in this stock unles by luck it is able to retain its coal blocks...but do u want to take that risk when there are much better stocks in market :) ..ur wish
In reply to : anishma message
about 1 hr 32 min 59 sec ago

Is coal headed for a second round of nationalisationJyoti Mukul |  New Delhi Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 01:24 PM IST
Is coal headed for a second round of nationalisation?
The SC's decision to term coal block allocations illegal may undo the first phase of opening up the sector
In about two weeks’ time, the coal sector and allied industrial activity will be in for a major change in the way they function and calculate their margins. What will also likely change is the policy making process for coal which constitutes around 42% of the country’s energy basket. The Supreme Court’s final verdict will be a policy guidance since the apex court has found all the allocations done since 1993 as illegal and not in accordance with the Coal Mining Nationalisation Act. 
 
The illegality of coal blocks has a stamp of finality from the court, but what system will replace the current captive block allocation policy is yet to be known. Whichever way the final order goes, the August 25 ruling of the court labelling 194 blocks illegal has two major implications. One, acts of successive governments over more than two decades have been termed as a wrongdoing. And two, since justice for every illegal act carries a penalty, who will be punished? 
 
Since 1993, about half a dozen ministers have held the coal portfolio, including former prime minister Manmohan Singh. If any or all of them are held responsible, then it cannot be a fine but either a prosecution or a reprimand. 
 
If the industry or the captive block holder is punished, as is being speculated, in the form of a fine on every tonne of coal produced or yet to be produced, then the illegality is assumed to have been committed by the holder of mining rights. Taking away of the blocks, which are linked to end-use projects, is in itself a penalty. But herein lies a problem, since the sole burden would land on the shoulders of the companies. 
 
The court has held that the process followed by the screening committee was not transparent. Assuming that all captive mining rights given out through this route had an element of corruption, then with one stroke of “illegal labelling”, the opening up of the coal mining sector to private users of coal would be undone.
 
This brings me to the other important implication of coal block allocations being termed illegal. The Supreme Court has also held that coal mining under the Coal Mining Nationalisation Act can be done only by the Union government and its companies. In other words, it has upheld the nationalisation of coal mining that was done under the Indira Gandhi government. 
 
When Indira Gandhi nationalised coal mining in the ’70s, she was riding a wave that wanted to end profiteering and malpractices in many sectors including oil and banking. Until then, coal had been mined privately with virtually no regulation. Though Gandhi’s socialist moves have for long been a subject of criticism, she left some captive coal mines belonging to IISCO, TISCO and DVC untouched. Some 20 years later, captive mining got another short in the arm when the government decided to amend the Coal Mines Nationalisation Act again, this time to permit captive mining by others, too. The idea, this time around, was to promote coal production to meet the country’s energy needs. 
 
The next step in this opening up of the sector was commercial mining. Though the Modi government was clear with its intention to introduce this, the Supreme Court order has led to government taking cautious steps towards commercial mining. “We are not opening for the private sector right away. Our first priority is the regulated sector,” Piyush Goyal, minister of state (with independent charge) for coal, power and renewable energy said last Sunday. But with the entire process of captive mining itself rendered illegal, policy making and decisions based on the first phase of liberalisation will be undone and a new policy framework will be court-directed. How this will play out for multiple stakeholders – government, industry, and consumers – remains to be seen. 
 

Renault India appoints Rafael Treguer as VP  sales & marketingRenault India appoints Rafael Treguer as VP, sales & marketing
PTI  New Delhi, September 10, 2014
First Published: 19:23 IST(10/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:27 IST(10/9/2014)
Comments
French auto major Renault on Wednesday appointed Rafael Treguer as Vice President, Sales and Marketing, for its Indian operations.
In his capacity as VP, Sales & Marketing of Renault India, Treguer will be responsible for sales, marketing, after sales and network development, Renault India said in a statement.
He will be based in Chennai and will report to Renault India Country CEO & Managing Director Sumit Sawhney.
Treguer has more than 20 years of international experience in multi-dimensional roles within Renault group, it added.
Commenting on the appointment, Sawhney said: "We welcome Rafael in Renault India and are confident that his vast experience and understanding of the dynamics of the international automobile industry will provide necessary impetus to maintain the leadership position as the number one European brand."
In his previous assignments, Treguer had worked for Renault in varied roles at different locations.
His last assignment was as GM Dacia Sales. He was also Marketing Director Dacia and Renault in Romania (2007), Commercial Range Director in Marketing Direction, world wide (2005).

IMF: Markets could fall if Scotland votes to...IMF says markets could fall if Scotland votes to leave UK
By Reuters | 11 Sep, 2014, 08.34PM IST
"The main immediate effect is likely to be uncertainty over the transition to potentially new and different monetary, financial and fiscal frameworks in Scotland," Bill Murray, spokesman at the International Monetary Fund, told reporters.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
WASHINGTON: A decision by Scotland to break away from the United Kingdom next week could prompt negative market reaction in the short-term due to uncertainty over the country's future economic policies, the IMF said on Thursday.
"The main immediate effect is likely to be uncertainty over the transition to potentially new and different monetary, financial and fiscal frameworks in Scotland," Bill Murray , spokesman at the International Monetary Fund, told reporters.
"Longer-term effects would depend on the decisions being made during the transition," he added.

What Happened When A Biracial Woman Was Photoshopped In 18 Different Countriesreddit
What makes someone "beautiful"? It's a difficult question to answer, as we learned earlier this year from journalist Esther Honig 's Photoshop experiment, in which she sent a picture of herself to photo editors in 25 countries around the world and asked them to "Make me beautiful." The variety of results she received -- some lightening her already pale skin, some darkening it, some adding makeup, some adjusting the skeletal structure of her face -- challenged the idea that there is an ultimate kind of beauty, a "perfect" woman.
But when journalist Priscilla Yuki Wilson replicated Honig's experiment, she found that her biracial identity caused things to play out differently.
(Story continues below.)
The photo Wilson sent out to Photoshoppers around the world.
"In contrast to Honig’s results, where her face became a canvas to express more than a dozen contrasting beauty standards, I found that my face actually challenged the application of photoshop in this instance," Wilson wrote in a post on her personal blog. "As a biracial women there is no standard of beauty or mold that can easily fit my face."
Half Japanese and half black, Wilson has fielded the question "What are you?" far too often, compounding her struggle with society's unattainable standards of beauty.
"I am living in a culture that’s still adjusting to my kind of face ," she explains. "I was taught that my natural self did not comply with conventional standards set forth by society, saying fairer skin is better, straighter hair is more attractive, and that skinny tastes good."
How photo editors in 18 countries and the European Union responded to Wilson's request is representative of the variety of expectations that cultures around the world have for women, and how universally difficult it can be to fit in.
Check out Wilson's collection of paradigm-challenging edits:
Vietnam

Broader markets outperform benchmark indicesET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The Sensex and the Nifty closed on Thursday below the crucial psychological levels of 27,000 and 8,100, respectively, on the back of selling pressure witnessed by heavyweights like Sun Pharma, ONGC, TCS, ICICI Bank and Tata Motors.
The S&P BSE Sensex ended at 26,995.87, down 61 points or 0.2 per cent. In intra-day deals it touched the high of 27,150 and a low of 26,904.
The 50-share Nifty ended at 8,085.70, down 8 points or 0.1 per cent. In intra-day deals it touched the high of 8,128 and a low of 8,057.
The broader markets outperformed the benchmark indices with the BSE mid-cap index closing at 9,956, up 105 points or 1 per cent, and the small-cap index advanced 1.4 per cent or 152 points to shut shop at 11,103 levels.
Among the Sensex stocks, Sun Pharma was the top loser. The stock closed at Rs 822, down 4.4 per cent. It was followed by Coal India, ONGC, Wipro, Mahindra & Mahindra, Tata Motors and Tata Steel.
On the other hand, State Bank of India, BHEL, Hero MotoCorp and HUL were among the top gainers of the Sensex pack.
The overall market breadth was positive as 2007 stocks advanced while 1058 declined.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

LVMH gives up fight for HermsLast updated: September 3, 2014 6:20 pm
LVMH and Hermès strike peace deal to end handbag war
By Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f8cf1fc-3344-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple  The dials are turning© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/49591816-3857-11e4-9fc2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cato climate change skeptic: Rising carbon dioxide levels a sign of human progressBy Stephen Stromberg September 11 at 10:17 AM Follow @strombergsteve
(REUTERS/Jim Urquhart/File)
Economically literate libertarians can’t deny that, if climate change is a major risk, the rational thing to do is put a tax on greenhouse emissions. Therefore, in order to oppose that sort of government action, they have to deny that climate change is a major risk. And that’s how we get this mind-bending piece from the Cato Foundation . Last year’s sharp rise in the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, Cato’s Paul C. “Chip” Knappenberger concludes, “is cause for celebration.” Here is how Knappenberger gets there:
[C]arbon dioxide is building in the atmosphere and rising to levels that have probably not been seen in along time (hundreds of thousands of years).
This rise is a continued reminder of the steady drumbeat of human progress. The carbon dioxide that is building in the atmosphere, at least in part, gets there through human emissions of carbon dioxide that are the by-product of burning fossil fuels (coal, oil, natural gas) to produce the vast majority the energy that has powered mankind’s industrial and technical ascent since the Industrial Revolution. . . .
The only concern that arises from growing atmospheric CO2 levels stems from the potential climate changes that may result. . . . We continue to detail the evidence that the earth’s “climate sensitivity” to carbon dioxide is less than expected.
For a brief, readable explanation of why Cato’s assurances about climate sensitivity shouldn’t give you much comfort, see The Post’s  recent treatment of the state of climate science here . Then marvel at the the perversity of cheering on a strategy that would, through inaction, bet human welfare on the notion that elite scientists with their elite models and elite consensus are so spectacularly and systematically wrong on the risks of greenhouse emissions that the rational strategy is to rapidly ramp up fossil fuel burning.
Stephen Stromberg is a Post editorial writer. He specializes in domestic policy, including energy, the environment, legal affairs and public health.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410445035/1410445035000/1410445035 tracking: {authors=Stephen Stromberg, blog_name=post-partisan, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=cato-climate-change-skeptic-rising-co2-a-sign-of-human-progress, post_id=19451, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 2:17:15 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 2:17:15 PM

Taminco jumps after news of Eastman Chemical dealRetailers fall, including Restoration Hardware; RadioShack up
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
Weather Reports Bankruptcy
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shares of Five Below , Men's Wearhouse  and Restoration Hardware  were lower on Thursday following results and forecasts.
Shares of Restoration Hardware were down 2.8 percent, a day after it cut its full-year sales forecast. Five Below shares were down 0.9 percent after it said it expects current-quarter sales to be flat to slightly positive. Men's Wearhouse  shares were down 6.6 percent following results.

Google warned of harder line from EUSeptember 10, 2014 6:56 pm
New EU digital chief puts Google on notice
By Alex Barker and Duncan Robinson in Brussels and Murad Ahmed in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a97527e2-3903-11e4-9cce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Gaming App That Does Social Good: An Interview With Puzzable Co-founderreddit
A few weeks ago, I received an email from a young man named Ghedalia Gold-Pastor, who asked me to try his new social-gaming app, Puzzable . Intrigued by his concept, initiative, and ambition, we met in Washington, D.C., so I could meet this enterprising entrepreneur in person. I was immediately captivated by Ghedalia's passion, purpose and enthusiasm for the company that he and his college roommate, Zach, had founded. In a very resourceful way, he leveraged the support of his college, his friends, and his family to launch his dream. His energy was infectious and I hope you will appreciate as much as I do the ingenuity behind his app.
Here are some questions he answered for me which I hope will inspire you to launch your own business or reinvent a business or organization that already exists.
What is Puzzable and how does it work?
Puzzable is game that allows you to send pictures to your friends as puzzles. The game combines the social nature of Snapchat with interactive gameplay like Words with Friends. Take a picture, add a caption, and send to your Facebook friends as a challenge or message. You can also play in single player mode with over 150 pictures to choose from.
How did Puzzable start?
I had recently transferred to the University of Maryland and was looking for something to channel my energy into other than playing basketball. My roommate Zach Matz was interested in launching a startup so we did a lot research and brainstorming. We saw tremendous market opportunity in the mobile app and social gaming industries so we designed a new interactive social game, Puzzable. We thought, "if we don't make Puzzable, somebody else will."
What resources did the University of Maryland provide you?
The University of Maryland has played a tremendous role in helping Zach and me develop as entrepreneurs and getting our company to where it is today. Programs at the Dingman Center for Entrepreneurship have provided us a thorough education on how to build a sustainable and scalable business and have also connected us with a great network of experienced mentors, advisors, and investors. Classes such as The Do Good Challenge inspired us to find innovative ways to create social value with Puzzable. Through university-sponsored business plan and pitch competitions we have developed essential entrepreneurial skills and been able to secure additional funding. Our company will continue to leverage the resources at the University of Maryland as we move forward.
How does using the app do social good?
One issue that we would like to attack is the struggle of charity organizations in marketing to new supporters. Often times this is due to lack of funds or scrutiny over the expenditures of non-profit organizations. We would like to give charities the opportunity to sponsor puzzle packs. In these packs the charity can provide images that support their cause in our game that users can play with as puzzles. Through these packs, the charity will gain an effective new and free channel to gain exposure and reach potential supporters through the rapidly growing mobile gaming industry. These packs will give users the opportunity to learn about, support, and interact with certain causes just by playing a fun game.
Where do you get your entrepreneurial passion?
Bubby Mira. My grandmother is a holocaust survivor and she has taught me a lot about willpower. She tells me that the mind can achieve tremendous feats just by believing and maintaining focus. There will be plenty of distractions and disappointments throughout the journey but as long as you maintain focus and continue to push forward you will reach your goals.
How did you initially fund your startup? Has it changed?
Zach and I both invested $20,000 from of our life savings. In addition to this we secured $2,000 in funding from the University of Maryland through pitch competitions and other programs that support student entrepreneurs. At this point were seeking to raise $250,000 so we can continue to improve Puzzable, grow our company, and make new games.
What is your vision for the company in 10 years?
In 10 years, 417 App Studios will be the top social gaming company in the world. It took Zynga 4 years to go public. I believe that our company will be on the New York Stock Exchange in 24 months. During the next decade, this company will produce great games that can be enjoyed with friends but also reach beyond the digital gaming industry and have a social impact.
Thank you to Ghedalia for sharing his story about his entrepreneurial spirit and the support he receives from the University of Maryland to wholeheartedly chase his dreams. With a name that means "God is good" in Hebrew and the life lessons he's learned from a Holocaust survivor, it is no wonder that Ghedalia has the entrepreneurial determination to galvanize his company and any other initiatives he launches.
You can download the Puzzable app on iOS or Android . Are you a young entrepreneur who would like to share your story on the blog? Leave a comment or email me at caroljcarter@lifebound.com.
Follow Carol J. Carter on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CarolJCarter
More:

How homeland became part of our American lexiconBy Philip Bump September 11 at 10:44 AM Follow @pbump
Barack Obama at the National September 11 Memorial & Museum last May. (AFP PHOTO/Jewel SamadJEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images)
Thirteen years ago yesterday, the term "homeland" was something Americans used largely to apply to other people. It was refugees, immigrants, and the displaced who worried about their homelands; except in very specific contexts related to national defense -- about which most of us didn't worry very much -- Americans referred to America as "America," if there was reason to refer to the nation as an entity at all.
And then that changed.
In August of 2002, as the first anniversary of this horrible anniversary approached, The New York Times examined the history of a term that was then newly in vogue: "homeland security." "Homeland" itself is Biblical, the paper determined, when Abraham was instructed to lead his people to the moledet, or homeland. In modern usage, though, the term became commonplace during World War II. The Nazis referred to Germany as their heimat -- home or homeland. (Hence the title of that Times piece: "Prickly Roots of 'Homeland Security'.")
That usage is reflected in the Times' own coverage. Its Chronicle tool shows mentions of terms over time. "Homeland" peaked three times: During World War II, in the late 1970s, and in the wake of 9/11.
In between those peaks, the term was on an incline, largely thanks to the usage we articulated at the outset: displaced persons and refugees. The spike in the 1970s was focused on a particular homeland: the push for a homeland for Palestinians. This was a period during which tensions between Yasser Arafat's Palestine Liberation Organization and Israel were increasing dramatically.
President George W. Bush announced his intention to create a "Department of Homeland Security" in late September 2001, linking the origination of the term to a 1997 study from a panel convened by Congress to consider the evolution of threats against America. That report , "Transforming Defense: National Security in the 21st Century," suggested that the United States shift its focus away from the threat posed by all-out military assault by other nations and instead to more subtle risks. "We can assume that our enemies and future adversaries have learned from the Gulf War," it reads. "They are unlikely to confront us conventionally with mass armor formations, air superiority forces, and deep-water naval fleets of their own, all overwhelming U.S. strength today. Instead, they may find new ways to attack our interests, our forces, and our citizens. They will look for ways to match their strengths against our weaknesses."
When the report was presented to Congress, the members of the panel suggested that the National Guard be refocused on domestic threats -- in other words, on homeland defense. In his campaign for the presidency, George Bush used Richard Armitage as an adviser on defense issues; Armitage had also served on the National Defense Panel mentioned above. In 1999, the Washington Times outlined parts of Bush's campaign proposals on the subject, including that he is "committed to building a homeland defense" -- albeit against ballistic missiles.
On September 5th, 2001, former Rep. Ike Skelton (R-Mo.) argued explicitly for "a comprehensive homeland security strategy" that extended beyond anti-missile defense. "Comprehensive homeland security, not merely the one element represented by missile defense," he said, "should be the focus of our efforts."
That was unusual. Before 9/11, the term wasn't used very much on Capitol Hill. As the Sunlight Foundation's Capitol Words project shows, there were a few other sporadic mentions in the run-up to the attacks, again largely focused on refugee and immigration issues. Then, the big spike.
On September 11th, 2001, President Bush didn't use the term when he addressed the nation after his return to Washington. "These acts of mass murder were intended to frighten our nation into chaos and retreat," he said. "But they have failed. Our country is strong. A great people has been moved to defend a great nation." That's the closest he got.
The phrase did come up, though. In an interview with the Associated Press, Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) used the term explicitly. "It seems to me that with a concerted attack of this kind, there certainly had to be intercepts that would give us a heads-up," he said. "I don't mean to blame the intelligence community, but clearly this is another example that our homeland security is not safe. The oceans don't protect us anymore."
In an editorial titled simply "War," published the evening of the attack, The Post noted that it had been "60 years since the U.S. homeland sustained an aggression of this magnitude. The country responded then without panic but with an iron determination to defend itself and punish the aggressors. The response today must be as decisive ..."
The next day on Capitol Hill, the term "homeland" was common. Then-Sen. George Allen (R-Va.) kicked it off, railing against "the most violent, insane, cowardly acts that have ever been perpetrated on our homeland." Other senators joined him: Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), then-Sen. Max Cleland (D-Ga.), then-Sen. Joe Lieberman (D-Ct.) and again Sen. Roberts. On the House side, then-Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas) noted -- while urging restraint -- that "Congress' foremost obligation in a constitutional republic is to preserve freedom and provide for national security." But the day prior, "our efforts to protect our homeland came up short."
It's clear that there was something evocative about the term, combining a bit of military jargon with the idea in need of protection. This wasn't just America that was attacked, it was our homeland. We didn't simply need more security at our airports, we needed homeland defense. Cleland captured the sentiment well: "Many Americans are fearful today. They are fearful for the future of their homeland, their communities, their families. We do not deserve to live in fear." On September 20th, Bush addressed Congress and announced the Department of Homeland Security.
Four months after the attacks, the American Dialect Society held its annual vote for Word of the Year, focused on 2001. The group included "homeland" among its candidates. It lost to "9-11."
Philip Bump writes about politics for The Fix. He previously wrote for The Wire, the news blog of The Atlantic magazine. He has contributed to The Daily Beast, The Atlantic, The Daily, and the Huffington Post. Philip is based in New York City.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410446668/1410446668000/1410446668 tracking: {authors=Philip Bump, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=how-homeland-became-part-of-our-american-lexicon, post_id=110643, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 2:44:28 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 2:44:28 PM

Buy silver if touch 41088 more on 40888 sl 40666 and holdCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Watch Live as New York City Marks 9/11 Anniversary
Subscribe now for complete and unrestricted access
China faces Japan-style debt woesAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

HBO is now seriously considering whether to offer HBO Go without cable TV2 hours ago
It really might happen. Just not quite yet.
Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes made his strongest comments yet about the possibility of selling standalone subscriptinos to HBO Go, the network’s streaming service.
At the moment, the internet service for the premium channel behind Game of Thrones and a long list of other hit shows is only available through some form of pay TV subscription. HBO has been experimenting with cheaper packages  that barely require pay TV but are still sold through Comcast, Time Warner Cable, and others.
Bewkes was asked by Goldman Sachs analyst Drew Borst at an investment conference whether HBO would finally consider side-stepping cable distributors and go direct to consumer, so that “anybody who’s got a broadband connection can get it for $15 or $20 or whatever the price is.” Here, courtesy of FactSet, is Bewkes’s response, with the highlights in bold:
Yes, it’s a really good question. Many of you have asked it. And we ask it all the time and are always looking at it.
What we’ve basically been doing, we’re looking at the market. We’ve been looking at our ability to service customers and our distributors. And basically up until now, it looked to us as though the best and main opportunity was to focus on improving the penetration, the offering, the servicing, the interface, the monetization of HBO through the existing affiliate system. And part of the reason for that was, first of all, there were some real places of opportunity and underperformers there. Secondly, the broadband-only opportunity up until now wasn’t again looked to us to be really at the point where it would be smart to move the focus from one to the other.
So now the broadband opportunity is getting quite a bit bigger, and the ability of the plant to deliver something robust is getting stronger; and so the question you’re asking is becoming more viable, more interesting. What we’re trying to do is basically make sure that we’ve done everything we can with our distributors to take advantage and have them take advantage of what customers they could have. And we’ve got to keep looking actively. We’re seriously considering what is the best way to deal with online distribution, but I don’t have anything to announce about it today.
It was not that long ago that Bewkes professed to be  lukewarm  on the prospect of freeing HBO Go from the cable bunder. But Time Warner recently rejected overtures to be acquired by 21st Century Fox, and Bewkes needs to find new sources of growth to keep his shareholders happy. People who love great TV could be the ultimate beneficiaries.
Share this:

Previous Poll | Prime Minister Narendra Modis announcement of Rs 1000 crore grant to the flood-hit state of J&K is-
Intex Technologies launches Aqua 4X  cheapest  smartphone  prices it at Rs 2 999 on eBay; offers freebieIntex Technologies launches Aqua 4X 'cheapest' smartphone, prices it at Rs 2,999 on eBay; offers freebie
PTI | Mumbai | Published:  Sep 11 2014, 19:24  IST
Sep 11 2014, 19:24  IST
 

Mahindra Xylo D2 MAXX launched at Rs 7.12 LakhMahindra launches a 9-seater version of it's successful Xylo at Rs 7.12 Lakh (ex-showroom, Mumbai)
 
 
 
The Mahindra  Xylo has been a fairly successful model in recent years and now Mahindra  have decided to boost sales by launching the 9-seater variant of the Xylo, the MAXX. Availble in both BS3 and BS4 versions, the Xylo MAXX comes with 9 seats to mainly woo the Taxi and Tour operator markets. The new Mahindra  Xylo MAXX comes only in the D2 spec, base model Xylo thereby making it excellent value for money.
 
Speaking on the occasion, Vivek Nayer, Chief Marketing Officer, Automotive Division, Mahindra  and Mahindra  Limited said, Today, we are delighted to offer our customers the 9 seats option with side-facing rear seats – a feature preferred by the tour and travel segment. Given that the Xylo has best-in-class space, the side facing seats will provide a great deal of flexibility for carrying people or luggage.” 
 
Equipped with the 2.5-Litre MDi CRDe engine, Mahindra  claims a fuel efficiency figure of 14.95Kmpl as per ARAI certifications. As mentioned earlier, the Xylo D2 MAXX comes in both BS3 and BS4 specs thereby making it more accessible to the smaller towns and cities that do not have stringent emissions norms. The Xylo D2’s 2.5-Litre engine makes 95PS and 200Nm of torque. 
 
With the advent of rivals like the new Tata Sumo Gold, the Ashok Leyland  Stile and the newly refreshed Evalia, there seems to be a lot of movement in the industry, which is specifically targeting mass buyers like fleet and taxi operators. As these buyers are critical for large volume manufacturers, expect a lot of special variants of existing vehicles targeted specially for tour and taxi operators in the near future. 
 

The worst terrorist groups in the worldThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

India Ranked 4th Among Global Smartphone MarketsPending Investor Complaints Against Companies Dip 16% in August
New Delhi: With 111 million users, India ranks as the fourth largest smartphone market globally after China, the US and Brazil, global telecom body GSM Association today said.
According to the report by GSMA, China topped the global list of smartphone connections at 629.2 million, followed by the US (196.8 million) and Brazil (141.8 million).
Other countries in the top 10 include Indonesia, Russian Federation, Japan, Germany, the UK and France.
Several industry reports have pegged India as the fastest growing smartphone market in the world.
According to IDC, smartphone sales in India grew almost three-fold to over 44 million in 2013, buoyed by a strong uptake of affordable devices made by local firms such as Micromax and Karbonn.
GSMA expects smartphone connections to reach six billion by 2020, fuelled by growth in the developing world and supported by mobile broadband rollout.
"Smartphones will account for two out of every three mobile connections globally by 2020. The number of smartphone connections will grow three-fold over the next six years, reaching six billion by 2020, accounting for two-thirds of the nine billion mobile connections by that time," the report titled 'Smartphone forecasts and assumptions, 2007-2020' said.
Basic phones, feature phones and data terminals like tablets, dongles and routers will account for the remaining connections, it added.
"The smartphone has sparked a wave of global innovation that has brought new services to millions and efficiencies to businesses of every type," GSMA Chief Strategy Officer Hyunmi Yang said.
Smartphones will be the driving force of mobile industry growth over the next six years, with one billion new smartphone connections expected over the next 18 months alone, Yang added.
"As industry evolves, smartphones are becoming lifestyle hubs that are creating opportunities for mobile industry players in vertical markets such as financial services, healthcare, home automation and transport," Yang said.
The report forecasts that by 2020, four out of every five smartphone connections worldwide will come from the developing world.
Asia Pacific accounted for about half of global smartphone connections, even though smartphone penetration in the region is currently pegged to be below 40 per cent.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 18:51 (IST)

Dollar Spot Forward RateIndicative on Thursday August 28, 2014
IMPORT

Pistorius not guilty of premeditated murderSeptember 11, 2014 11:31 am
Pistorius not guilty of murder, judge rules
By Andrew England in Johannesburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16782212-398c-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

360-degree coverage of P Chidambaram s swan song budgetYou are here » Home » interim budget
interim budget
Capital allocation for lenders in budget is credit negative: Moody's
By Reuters
Government's allocation of Rs 11,200 crore for capital injection into state-run banks is credit negative as it is much smaller than estimated requirements, Moody's Investors Service said.
The rating agency,
Lok Sabha today passed the interim budget for the financial year 2014-15 without much discussion.
Finance minister P Chidambaram introduced the Appropriation Bill and the Finance Bill amid din in
Feb
Blending populism with a promise of growth ahead of the general election this summer, finance minister P Chidambaram on Monday offered tax sops on cars, mobile phones, television sets and
Feb
As expected, finance minister P Chidambaram did some crafty maneuvering with his plan expenditure to rein in twin deficits on fiscal and current accounts for this financial year.
He rolled
Govt to roll over Rs 35,000 crore of oil subsidy to 2014-15
By PTI
The government will roll over Rs 35,000 crore of oil subsidy from the current financial year into 2014-15, when an additional Rs 30,000 crore has been provided.
According to the
Govt relief to struggling sector will boost steel industry
By PTI
Tata Steel Managing Director, T V Narendran today said the government's move to provide relief to the struggling manufacturing sector augurs well for the steel industry.
Reacting over the interim

Questions for  Master  ModiShyamal Majumdar |  Mumbia Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 09:48 PM IST
Shyamal Majumdar: Questions for 'Masterji' Modi
Next year, the PM should have some concrete answers on why India's teacher absenteeism is worse than even Papua New Guinea
After Panditji, India has finally got a leader who has given historians an opportunity to refer to him as someone more than just India's 15th prime minister. By addressing students directly, a practice regularly followed by Jawaharlal Nehru, Narendra Modi has earned the sobriquet masterji from journalists. The chances are he wouldn't mind if the title sticks, even though it has been given to him by a tribe he loves to hate the most.
Panditji used to address hundreds, maybe thousands of students, but then he didn't have the luxury of technology that Modi used to interact with over 1.8 million school students. So what if the principals of a few upscale schools - even in Delhi and Mumbai - recounted how students missed parts of the prime minister's lessons because either the computer played truant or the video buffered almost endlessly?
For many others, the hastily arranged interaction was a logistical nightmare. An example of a picture being more eloquent than a thousand words was provided by The Indian Express, which carried a snap of students from the Thane Zilla Parishad School in Saga village of Bhiwandi taluka, taking a TV on a boat across the Kalu river from Atali to Nandkar, from where they carried it to the school.
Hopefully, the TV worked properly and the Thane Zilla School got to listen to the prime minister. Though his opening speech was off colour, the subsequent Q&A session brought out the vintage Modi - an articulate leader who doesn't mind cracking jokes at his own expense or recounting childhood pranks. Parents will also be happy with his comments on character-building and quotable quotes such as "don't let the child in you die".
But beyond the hype, the prime minister may have let go of the opportunity of making the interaction more meaningful. For example, in response to a pertinent question on climate change, Modi said it will be a great service to the environment if on a full-moon night, street lights are switched off for two to three hours. Perhaps, the nation deserves better answers from its prime minister.
More disappointing, however, was his statement that there is a need to find out why the value of teachers has lost its sheen and why students don't want to become teachers when they grow up. One hopes the Prime Minister's Office doesn't feel the need to set up yet another committee to find the answer, as it's already known to everybody. As Aam Aadmi Party leader Yogendra Yadav told a TV channel minutes after the prime minister's "paathshala" that everybody and his uncle know "five million teachers work in poor conditions, that teachers' recruitment is a scam and that most of them are paid far less than what's shown in the books".
Let's take the last point first. The salary range for a government primary school teacher at the beginning of his/her career is Rs 16,000-22,000 a month, depending on the state. This should still be all right but for the fact that most schools employ teachers on contract at salaries that are far less. The situation is worse in many private schools, which make contract teachers sign documents that show far higher salaries than what they actually get. Sometimes, the salaries these contract teachers get is even less than Rs 6,000 (your driver must be earning double that amount).
So the quality you get is the quality you deserve. It, therefore, wasn't a surprise when a maths test conducted in elementary government-aided schools a couple of years back showed that most of them could not even do simple maths; and over 60 per cent could not give a correct title to a paragraph in a language comprehension test. A study among 25,000 teachers in Karnataka showed that 60 per cent of them at the elementary level and 15 per cent at the high school level do not have a college degree. The study, Teacher Needs Analysis, conducted by the Karnataka Knowledge Commission and the Azim Premji Foundation showed that one out of 10 teachers had only a basic school-level degree.
The teachers have, of course, found a better way to supplement their income - by bunking school and doing odd jobs. Some are better off - an acquaintance from Bangalore says his wife, a teacher in a local school, has a flourishing real estate agency business and the only sacrifice she has to make is opening the shop an hour late because of the school's diktat of signing the attendance register daily. But the problem is these days she can't even find enough time to do that because of the festive season rush in the property market.
Thus, it should not come as a surprise that India is marginally better than Uganda in absence rates of primary school teachers and the country scores lower than Bangladesh, Peru or even Papua New Guinea on this account.
Studies after studies have suggested stopping the corrupt practices before appointing contract teachers and the urgent implementation of a foolproof plan to link government school grants to performance. While curtailing an existing grant may not be feasible, future grants or increments to teachers may be a good way to start the process after devising a proper rating system.
One hopes Modi will prepare better for some of the more substantive questions students ask him on the next Teachers' Day.
 Advertisements

Bharat Electronics jumps 4%  Motilal initiates  buyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

mutual funds informationThe investment objective of the Scheme is to achieve capital appreciation. The asset allocation under the Scheme will be as follows: - Equities and Equity Related Instruments: 80 - 100%, Debt & Money Market Instruments: 0 - 20%....
5 Year Return

Sunshine may slash suicide risk in menBriton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess 'sex slave'
British national is facing trial in the UAE for threatening an Indian air hostess on an Emirates Air...

Ferris Bueller  You re My Lego Hero!reddit
When grown-ups get their hands on Legos, the results can be magical.
Currently the world's largest toy maker , Lego has an adult fan base that accounts for an estimated 5 to 10 percent of sales . Among those fans are members of the Sweden-based Lego-lovers group Swebrick , which recently wrapped its annual building contest.
Some of the submissions to this year's “AFOL vs. AFOL” (Adult Fans Of Lego) competition were nothing short of masterful. The theme, "Plastics From the Past," challenged members create cinematically faithful Lego versions of “any scene from an ’80s movie or TV show featuring a vehicle.” Participants put together their creations, photographed them and uploaded them to the group's online forum, where members voted to crown a 2014 champ.
Members of the six-year-old community regularly share pics of their creations, hold meet-ups and offer each other tips on building, buying and collecting. Those who take part in the group's contests -- including the Sept. 6 "Plastics From The Past" event -- must use regulation Lego bricks that are unmodified (no painting or cutting allowed) and aren't part of an existing branded series such as Lego "Star Wars."
The former Swebrick chairman, who goes by the online handle Etzel87 , won this year's competition by creating the "You killed the car" scene from "Ferris Bueller's Day Off," complete with flying bits of Lego glass from the garage windows and the horrified looks from the Lego Ferris, Cameron and Sloane.
In case you need a refresher, here's that scene from the 1986 classic:
Pretty good, huh?
Other submissions included scenes from "Blade Runner," "Spaceballs" and "Alien."
Check out some of the best entries (below), then browse the rest at the Swebrick website .
"Blade Runner" (1982)

Delhi set for a makeover as Venkaiah Naidu rolls out action planPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 8:57 pm
Aiming to give Delhi a facelift, Urban Development Ministry Thursday firmed up an action plan to ensure a “clean and green” capital city, with major focus on sanitation, waste disposal and upkeep of public places, to improve the quality of life of its residents.
In a meeting with all stakeholders, Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu chalked out a detailed three-pronged strategy – short term, medium term and long term – to carry out the beautification drive by various concerned agencies.
Emphasising the need for concerted efforts to ensure a “clean and green” Delhi, Naidu noted that the general public perception of management of public places and utilities is very poor and needed to be changed through a special drive which is to be sustained till the objective is realised.
DDA will undertake tree plantation, streetscape improvement through improved signages, street lighting, street furniture and public conveniences besides revival of 59 water bodies and building of toilets on BOT basis in parks and public areas, said a senior Urban Development Ministry official.
Removal of garbage, encroachments from roads and footpaths and repair and painting of the same, cleaning and facelift of urinals and declogging of drainage system to prevent water logging are some of the short term measures to be taken as immediate action by Delhi government.
The short term measures also include cleanliness drive in bus terminals, hospitals and educational institutions, commissioning of stretch of first phase of Interceptor Sewer and removal of green waste and litter from parks and gardens, as per the firmed up plan.
For medium term measures, the action plan envisages notification of sanitation by-laws, outsourcing maintenance and management of toilets and urinals and provision of additional toilets on build operate and transfer (BOT) basis.
Introduction of door-to-door waste collection service and segregation of wastes at household level and establishing waste processing and waste to energy plants at Ghazipur, Narela and Bawana are finalised in the medium term measures.
As far as long term plans are concerned, the Ministry decided on evolving zero waste management, green waste processing and introduction of GPS and IT based monitoring of waste collection and disposal system.
The official said DDA was asked too undertake measures to enable upgraded facilities through provision of 25 children’s parks, play fields in 80 parks, open gyms in 20 parks, shelters, food kiosks, solar lighting, open spaces and plazas.
Knowledge Parks for children would be promoted by DDA and one such park for differently abled children will be developed at Sector-21 in Dwarka at a cost of Rs 14 crore.
DDA would also generate 1 MW of solar energy in the next six months for which an MoU has already been signed continued…

Whats another 100 yearsWhat’s another 100 years?
Biswajit Balasubramanian
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Slideshow

Better farm productivity is critical for India‘Better farm productivity is critical for India’
G CHANDRASHEKHAR
Tried and tested The World Bank said there is ‘technology fatigue’ in India. RITU RAJ KONWAR
World Bank economist says there is ‘policy fatigue’
Washington DC, September 10:  
Improving farm productivity is central to the Indian government’s goal of achieving ‘faster, more inclusive and sustainable growth’, the World Bank has said in a recent report ‘Accelerating Agricultural Productivity Growth in India – Issues and Opportunities’.
Although agricultural growth rebounded after 2004-05, two worrying trends emerged: concerns about the nature and sustainability of growth, the report observes, adding that the contribution of yields (productivity) has been limited while prices have been the main growth driver in recent years.
The report suggests that price-led growth without improvements in productivity is not sustainable.
Diversificaton
Additionally, diversification in farm production is a key driver of growth as seen in other emerging economies such as China and Brazil, but such diversification in India is rather limited. Discussing the report with BusinessLine, Madhur Gautam, Lead Economist (Agriculture, Irrigation and Natural Resources) with World Bank said that reducing poverty and achieving shared prosperity requires a redoubling of effort to improve agricultural productivity given the slow pace of structural transformation in India.
“Slow growth in farm productivity has meant slow improvement in the welfare of those dependent on it,” he said.
Arguing that productivity is constrained by a high level of economic inefficiency which hits the potential incomes to farmers, the report observes that the growth in output has primarily been due to increased use of inputs, with limited improvement in productivity.
Commenting on the current state of affairs, the World Bank said the current ‘technology fatigue’ in India is an ‘extension problem’ as indicated in large yield gaps and low technical efficiency.
Fatigue
The report also said that ‘policy fatigue’ is affecting productivity. It said that price and other policies used to promote food production are outliving their utility. Gautam said sustainability concerns also support a move to a more diversified production base, even though food security remains a high policy priority.
Important issues
He added that there was an immediate need to address crucial long-term policy and institutional issues to make agriculture more climate resilient. He said that there should be a specific focus on scientific water management, investments to mitigate the adverse effects of climate change (both pre-harvest and post-harvest) as well as diversification of income sources on- and off-the farm.
The report has also discussed management of high level of production risk (biotic and abiotic), investment in physical market infrastructure and collective action to link smallholders to value chains.
(This article was published on September 10, 2014)

LT Foods: Outcome of AGMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Equity - Sector Fundse.g. Tata motors, Reliance MF, 500570
Mutual Fund Selector
Top Performers from Equity -   Sector Fund
Company

ABB hands tied on buyback planBriton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess 'sex slave'
British national is facing trial in the UAE for threatening an Indian air hostess on an Emirates Air...

supports HTML5 videoHelp & Support
Your browser does not support JavaScript, or it is currently disabled. HTML5 video may work without it, but you'll miss out on whatever custom experience a developer built using Video.js. Please consider upgrading to a browser that supports JavaScript or enabling it.
Your browser
HTML5 Browser Support by Codec
H.264
WebM
Ogg Theora

Cisco lays off 200 people at its subsidiary NDS IndiaCisco lays off 200 people at its subsidiary NDS India
Venkatesh Ganesh
Tweet
Bangalore, September 9:  
Cisco has given out pink slips to 200 engineers working for NDS India, one of its subsidiaries, as a part of its global restructuring efforts.
Further, this exercise has been carried out in three phases, spread across the last two quarters, according to sources inside the company who did not wish to be named as they are not authorised to speak to the media. Cisco, which acquired NDS in 2012, had 1,600 engineers at the time of the acquisition.
The reason for this restructuring has to do with sagging NDS business. NDS makes software for TV set-top boxes (STBs) for cable TV providers. STBs are expected to grow slowly at a CAGR of 2.14 per cent from 2014-18, according to TechNavio's analysts.
When contacted, a Cisco spokesperson said that the company does not comment on India-specific workforce but pointed to transcripts from the recently concluded conference call last month where Cisco CEO, John Chambers said: “Consistent with our disciplined approach to growing resources in important areas while managing costs, when Frank Calderoni (the company's Executive Vice-President and CFO) details guidance later in the call, we will announce our plans to do a limited restructuring across several areas of our business.”
These actions are focussed on investing in growth, innovation, and talent, while managing costs and driving efficiencies, he said. Calderoni added that Cisco will be taking restructuring actions in FY15 and these actions will impact up to 6,000 employees, which is approximately 8 per cent of its global workforce.
However, both of them added that Cisco will reinvest a substantial portion of cost savings from this into growth, innovation and hiring talent. Cisco India does not give out its total employee headcount.
Another employee added that there were talks of hiring talent with different skillsets with an understanding of technologies in STBs and mobility, rather than pure play knowledge of STB, which is a challenge in the existing workforce.
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)

Govt clears stake sale in Coal India  ONGC  NHPC; may get Rs 43 000 crBriton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess 'sex slave'
British national is facing trial in the UAE for threatening an Indian air hostess on an Emirates Air...

Editorial: Sugar turns sourBriton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess 'sex slave'
British national is facing trial in the UAE for threatening an Indian air hostess on an Emirates Air...

Daily Market StrategyThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

VP - institutional research Religare Capital MarketsDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Telangana govt gives Rs 1 cr to Sania Mirza for US Open winBriton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess 'sex slave'
British national is facing trial in the UAE for threatening an Indian air hostess on an Emirates Air...

Advertise with the FT
Apple Inc unveiled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 PlusApple Inc unveiled iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
Wed Sep 10 2014, 15:13 hrs
Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President at Apple Inc, speaks about the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California. (Reuters)
Phil Schiller talks about the iPhone 6 during an Apple event at the Flint Center. (Reuters)
Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks on stage during an Apple event announcing the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus. (Reuters)
Phil Schiller speaks about the iPhone 6 during an Apple event at the Flint Center. (Reuters)
The iPhone 6, at left, and iPhone 6 Plus are shown next to each other during a new product release in Cupertino, Calif. (AP)
Reader´s Comments

Israeli military to probe Gaza strikesSeptember 10, 2014 6:50 pm
Israel opens criminal investigation into Gaza beach air strike
By John Reed in Tel Aviv
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3884cea4-3901-11e4-9cce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rai attacks Manmohan; says Cong leaders brought pressureRai attacks Manmohan; says Cong leaders brought pressure
PTI
Vinod Rai
New Delhi, Sept 11:  
Former CAG Vinod Rai has come out with a stinging criticism of former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh saying integrity is not just financial but intellectual and professional too and claimed that Congress leaders had sought to apply pressure on him to keen the PM’s name out of audit reports.
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner, was also critical of the coalition politics under Singh and alleged suggested that he was more interested in remaining in power.
“Integrity is not just financial; it is intellectual integrity; it is professional integrity. You have an oath of allegiance to the constitution and that is important,” he told Outlook magazine.
He was asked what was his understanding of PM’s psychology considering that many revered him as an elder statesman.
Rai replied that “you cannot have the nation being subjugated to the state and the state being a coalition of political parties. The belief was that good politics makes good economics too. But does good politics mean just staying in power?”
Rai, who is writing a book on his days as head of Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG), said his phone was tapped by the then UPA government and he felt Singh was part of the decisions to allocate 2G telecom spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
“... in 2G and coal there is no way he (Singh) can shirk responsibility. In 2G all the letters written by (then telecom Minister) A Raja were to him and he was replying to those letters. I got no reply to any letter I wrote to him”.
“On one occasion when I called on him, the PM said I hope you don’t expect a reply from me, whereas he was replying to Raja twice a day. So how can he be not held responsible for the onus of that decision?” Rai said.
Recalling that Singh had on November 16, 2010 told him that the figure of Rs 1.76 lakh crore 2G loss was not the right way of computing, Rai said he had told the then PM “’Sir, these are the econometric methods that you have taught us’ This was sitting on the stage of Vigyan Bhavan”.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Swiss watchmakers keep their cool over Apple launchSeptember 10, 2014 8:30 pm
Swiss watchmakers keep their cool over Apple launch
By Adam Thomson in Paris and Elizabeth Paton in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ff5a1d60-3904-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Follow @FinancialXpressBriton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess 'sex slave'
British national is facing trial in the UAE for threatening an Indian air hostess on an Emirates Air...

Chinese car probe takes unexpected turnAugust 21, 2014 5:19 pm
China antitrust ruling blunts foreign criticism
By Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/61d3f8aa-28ff-11e4-9d5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple iPhone 6 to be available in India on Oct 17Apple iPhone 6 to be available in India on Oct 17
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 10:  
Apple has announced its biggest advancement in iPhone history with two new smart phones - the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, packed with a lot of new features, including 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch Retina HD displays and a new payment service called Apple Pay, which allows users to securely pay for physical goods and services in stores or apps with just the touch of a finger.
The phones will be available in India starting October 17, according to Apple's India Web site. Pricing details are not known.
Good for telcos
While this is good news for Apple fans across the world, the launch could also augur well for mobile operators. Smartphone uptake in general is driving data usage in a big way. The new iPhones support high-quality voice calls over LTE (VoLTE) as well as Wi-Fi calling. They support for up to 20 4G wireless bands — more than any other smartphone in the world.
Paul Lambert, Senior Analyst, Operator Strategy at Ovum, said, “Apple’s new devices offer operators a great opportunity to increase data usage and data revenues. Each of the new devices will lead to more cellular data use, which is also great news for operators – especially if they can price data services in ways that capture consumers’ imaginations.''
However, operators will need to continue to invest in their networks to ensure they offer robust Internet access that can cope with the increase in mobile data traffic the new devices will bring about.
Mobile payments to get a fillip
The other big disruption could be in the area of mobile payments. Many agencies in India, including the telecom operators, have tried to push mobile payment services with limited success. Although Apple Pay will end up competing with the services offered by the telecom operators, it is bound to help in the long-term as the excitement around Apple products create more awareness, thus expanding the market size.
“Ovum believes Apple will prove effective at marketing mobile payments to consumers, not as a technology but as something that will make paying for goods and services with your phone fast, easy and even fun. When Apple introduces cool features on the iPhone, people tend to use them, which is critical for the future of NFC as an enabling technology," said Eden Zoller, Principal Analyst, Consumer, Ovum.
Disruption in wearables
Apple also unveiled Apple Watch which enables users to communicate in new ways right from your wrist by sending and receiving messages, answering calls to the iPhone, and with Digital Touch, sending something as personal as your own heartbeat.
Apple Watch uses the accelerometer, a built-in heart rate sensor, GPS and Wi-Fi from your iPhone to provide a comprehensive picture of your daily activity.
The Activity app measures three separate aspects of movement: calories burnt, brisk activity and how often you stand up during the day. The Workout app provides goal-setting and pacing during popular session-based workouts, such as running and cycling. The companion Fitness app on iPhone collects your activity data so you can see your activity history in greater detail. Apple Watch uses this history to suggest personal, realistic goals, reward fitness milestones and keep you motivated.
Martin Scott, Head of Consumer Services Research at Analysys Mason, said,"Other manufacturers will benefit from a ‘halo’ of increased interest and awareness in smartwatches as a credible device type, but we do not anticipate any vendor from matching Apple in the short or medium term.''
Analysys Mason anticipatse that smartwatches will become the dominant wearable smart device by sales in early 2017.
(This article was published on September 10, 2014)

Our daily newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani  India s renowned & admired technical analyst. It includes detailed stock  market analysis & recommendations.28 August 2014
Thursday
Markets end August series at new highs; trend remains up; Bank Nifty pushes against 15800 suggesting a big up move may come in the Bank Nifty if 15800 breaks out. Stay on the long side
Markets end August series at new highs; trend remains up. The Nifty is on the verge of a breakout from its final resistance around 7950. Trading Range remains intact in Bank Nifty. Prices are trading very choppy inside this range. Wait for a clear trend. Support for CNX IT comes at 10500 – 10550 zones. The Sector is outperforming the whole market. IT Stocks are giving us a buying opportunity.
 
We have LEAD in METAL SECTION. Short Term trend is up. We will discuss a trade in this instrument. We have PHARMA in Sector Focus. Trend is very strong on upside. Prices are trading choppy at its top. Stock in focus includes BHEL, M&M, ONGC and TECH M. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss GBP INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

No special programmes on my birthday: PM Modi to ministersJ&K: Marine commandos to establish waterways in Srinagar 3 hours 33 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Guinea mining inquiryLast updated: April 29, 2014 10:36 am
Guinea inquiry finds Steinmetz unit won mining rights corruptly
By Tom Burgis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be0d00bc-bfc3-11e3-9513-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Players in the regional drama© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fdbbe92a-384b-11e4-9fc2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s cancer care challengesArticle |  September 04, 2014, 6.19 PM IST
India's cancer care challenges
Challenges of digging a well; undersea!
From a situation of low demand and oversupply,
Is lack of awareness the reason behind the high number of cancer cases in India?
Yes
Submit
About GE StepAhead
GE StepAhead is a platform that takes a look at issues that affect us and our future generations. From healthcare to energy, power to aviation and water management to oil and gas. In ways small and big, all these sectors impact our lives. And not to forget, each one of these sectors contributes not just to economic growth, but is also a measure of social progress. So itâ€™s crucial to look at key challenges and opportunities in these sectors and build on them.

SBI to open 20 more branches by 2014-endBS Reporter |  Bhubaneswar Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 08:17 PM IST
SBI to open 20 more branches by 2014-end
Set up 15 new branches on Thursday, taking its network in Odisha to 799
State Bank of India (SBI), the country’s most networked bank, has announced that it will open 20 more branches in the state by the end of calendar 2014.
The biggest public sector lender today set up 15 new branches, taking its network to 799 in Odisha. Of the 15 branches, eight branches have come up in gram panchayats that have no access to banking services. “Eighty two per cent of our branches are located in rural and semi-urban areas. In the 19 districts, where SBI has the lead bank responsibility, 17 are affected by Left Wing Extremism (LWE). We have 32 per cent market share of the state’s overall deposits and 35 per cent share of advances. Under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, SBI has opened 155,000 bank accounts in the state,” said K M Trivedi, chief general manager, SBI.
Trivedi announced two new loan products designed by SBI keeping in view the upcoming Nabakalebar festival of Puri Jagannath Temple expected to draw over four million pilgrims and tourists.
The first loan in the personal segment, is targeted at individuals who are keen to take up repair and renovation needs of the people during the religious festival. The other loan product is targeted at hoteliers and restaurant owners for expansion and commercial upgradation of their properties.
Speaking on the occasion, state chief secretary G C Pati said, “SBI should take the lead in extending banking services to unbanked gram panchayats.”
 Advertisements

Economic Survey 2014You are here » Home » Economic Survey 2014
Economic Survey 2014
Weak monsoon, El Nino could hit farm output
By Michael Gonsalves & B Krishna Mohan
India’s agriculture production may be impacted this year, after three straight years of bumper crop harvest or if a likely El Nino weakens the June-September monsoon rains, resulting in fewer

US Manufacturing Industry Pushes India for Free TradeYou are here: Home Economy
US Manufacturing Industry Pushes India for Free Trade
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 10, 2014 12:17 (IST)
Government Considering Steps to Revive Special Economic Zones: Commerce Minister
Washington:
The US manufacturing industry has appealed to Prime Minister Narendra Modi to provide foreign companies a level playing field by accepting global free trade agreement.
"Manufacturers remain hopeful that positive progress can be achieved. As Prime Minister Modi prepares to visit the US later this month, manufacturers urge him to take concrete steps to level the playing field and make bilateral trade and investment a two-way street," said Linda Dempsey, vice president of International Economic Affairs of the National Association of Manufacturers (NAM).
"If India's new leadership is serious about opening their economy for business, manufacturers in the United States stand ready to work with them," she said in a statement.
Ms Dempsey said manufacturers welcomed Modi's election victory as a critical chance to reboot a stalled but promising commercial relationship.
"Prime Minister Modi quickly declared India 'open for business' and promised to 'give the world a favorable opportunity' to manufacture in India.
"He outlined a bold series of economic reforms and challenged his ministers to implement an aggressive 100-day agenda. In his July budget speech, his Finance Minister, Arun Jaitley, spoke of incentivizing overseas investment and announced plans to raise foreign investment caps," Ms Dempsey said.
She, however, said that in opposition to majority view India blocked implementation of a global trade facilitation agreement, a deal to standardise customs rules, which would have been the first global business reform in two decades.
"But actions speak louder than words, and, so far, India is pursuing business as usual. Since May, it has blocked implementation of a global trade facilitation deal that would have contributed $1 trillion to the world economy by cutting unnecessary red tape at the border," she said.
"It has raised tariffs and imposed burdensome new testing requirements for imports. It has taken no action to strengthen weak intellectual property protections or eliminate barriers to US exports," Ms Dempsey said.
US President Barack Obama and PM Modi are scheduled to meet at White House on September 29 and 30, the first meeting between the two leaders during which they would discuss a wide range of issues of mutual interest to expand and deepen the US-India strategic partnership.
Story first published on: September 10, 2014 12:15 (IST)

Celkon launches Ultra Q500 at Rs 9 999 with Airtel  SnapdealBriton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess 'sex slave'
British national is facing trial in the UAE for threatening an Indian air hostess on an Emirates Air...

Column: Why global growth is still uncertainBriton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess 'sex slave'
British national is facing trial in the UAE for threatening an Indian air hostess on an Emirates Air...

Reuters PhotographersBeijing, China
By Kim Kyung-Hoon
Almost six months have passed since the Malaysian Airlines MH370 disappeared. Although authorities concluded that the plane crashed in the remote Indian Ocean and lost all the passengers, many family members refuse to accept that conclusion. They hope that they are still alive.
However, public interest towards this incident has faded, so I decided to record what these family members are still going through and shed light on this mysterious incident once again.
I thought that portrait-style pictures showing family members together with the missing passengers’ mementos would tell a story.
Before I started the project, I assumed I would find a couple of families at most, but the victims’ relatives really wanted to speak out about the incident and how much they are suffering now.
One family member, who liked my idea, introduced me to the relatives of other victims, who in turn introduced me to others, a bit like a relay.
Before I met them, I had assumed it would be very difficult to ask them to stand in front of my camera. But they were really cooperative as they were afraid the public is forgetting the incident, so they wanted to share their stories through my pictures.

Sony  random walk© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/1ca890d2-18c5-11e4-80da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pistorius found not guilty of murderSeptember 11, 2014 11:31 am
Pistorius not guilty of murder, judge rules
By Andrew England in Johannesburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16782212-398c-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cheesegrater melts into Citys skylineSeptember 11, 2014 12:05 am
‘Cheesegrater’ melts into cluster of City’s tall buildings
By Edwin Heathcote
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/98c315c6-38d1-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jammu and Kashmir floods: Will not rest till the last man is rescued  says Army chiefJammu and Kashmir floods: Will not rest till the last man is rescued, says Army chief
Pranav Kulkarni | Published:  Sep 11 2014, 09:09  IST
Sep 11 2014, 09:09  IST
 

Small practices make a big impactSmall practices make a big impact
Satya D Sinha
Tweet
The five stages of taking charge that first level entrepreneurs need to master
When it comes to translating a company’s vision and mission into results, there is no denying the importance of first-level entrepreneurs.
Successful entrepreneurs today are ones who challenge a number of assumptions. “Magical entrepreneurs” who climb out of every situation and succeed instantly are a myth. Experience and management competencies do matter as much as small factors such as management styles, networking abilities and ability to take charge. Delegating, thinking strategically, communicating well might all sound like management mantras for success, but new entrepreneurs often take these skills for granted.
Entrepreneurs’ functional background, management experiences and competencies usually determine how they take charge of the situation and how effectively they implement changes in the organisation. Important determinants of good entrepreneurs include new manager experiences, need of a turnaround in a business, personal style of management and relationship with important staff.
A number of factors affect how entrepreneurs progress through different stages and how successfully they take charge of the situation. We are referring to a process of learning and taking action that an entrepreneur goes through till he has mastered his field of work in sufficient depth to help him run business as well as manage scarce resources.
A ‘taking charge’ process follows five stages:
Taking hold An entrepreneur is taking hold of the new business scenario
Immersion An entrepreneur runs the organisation in an informed fashion
Reshaping Entrepreneurial learning continues in a more routine fashion
Consolidation This stage involves consolidation of results from previous stages
Refinement A period of little organisational change where executives take charge and their learning and action focus on refinement of operations or looking for new opportunities in the market place
After an entrepreneur takes charge he may face numerous ups and downs in the course of his business. Looking confident even when not feeling confident is a challenge all entrepreneurs face at some point. Charismatic entrepreneurs always project confidence, inspire and energise their teams.
Right entrepreneurial behaviour is what psychologists call “operant behaviour”. It is this type of behaviour that enables a person with good academic abilities to discover problems and opportunities, initiate action and attain desired results.
Successful entrepreneurs commonly focus on goals rather than just activities. This is because activities can be accomplished very quickly but achieving goals is a long drawn process that takes planning and time. Entrepreneurs should help their teams think strategically by asking for timely goals and supportive activities.
It is very difficult to develop successful entrepreneurs through standard procedures and training practices. Anyone who is disconnected from the reality of the business environment cannot be a good entrepreneur.
It is very important for good leaders and entrepreneurs to connect with people. This, coupled with the right leadership ability and ambition can contribute to growth and reputation of an entrepreneur.
The writer is CEO, Mancer Consulting
(This article was published on September 2, 2014)
Related

Scottish independenceWhy it is happening now and what a Yes vote might mean
– Q & A
As Scotland prepares to vote on independence, the FT takes a closer look at polling data in an interactive poll of polls
– Graphic
What our Scottish readers are saying about the independence referendum
– Blog

Congress disapproves of Telangana CM Chandrasekhar Rao s  bury media  remarksBriton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess 'sex slave'
British national is facing trial in the UAE for threatening an Indian air hostess on an Emirates Air...

Mutual Funds exposure to bank stocks hits record high of Rs 56.6K croreBriton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess 'sex slave'
British national is facing trial in the UAE for threatening an Indian air hostess on an Emirates Air...

The presidential California ATM is now located closer to San Francisco than L.A.By Nancy Scola September 10 at 4:39 PM Follow @nancyscola
The state of California, Californians have become fond of saying , has emerged as national politicians' "political ATM." Elected officials and those aspiring to become them return to the state again and again to extract the money they need to run for office. But buried inside that mega-trend is a mini-one. On the presidential level, at least, the location of that ATM seems to have begun to shift, from Southern California -- the land of Los Angeles, Hollywood, and Santa Monica -- to Northern California, San Francisco and Silicon Valley in particular.
Brendan J. Doherty is an associate professor in political science at the U.S. Naval Academy and author of the 2012 book " The Rise of the President's Permanent Campaign ." He's dug through the records. And the data he's compiled shows that, at least among the small sample size of one sitting president at a time, Northern California is newly competing with its southern counterpart on the fundraising circuit.
Doherty has records dating back 38 years, to the Jimmy Carter administration. In that span, Barack Obama has become the only sitting president to headline more fundraisers north of Fresno than south of it.
Thus far in his presidency, Obama has appeared at 71 California fundraisers on behalf of himself or other Democrats. Thirty-three took place in Southern California. But some 38 of them were held in Northern California, among them an April event in Palo Alto at the home of Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer , where tickets were a reported $10,000 a head, and a companion "tech round table" at the home of 23andMe co-founder Ann Wojcicki , where seats were pegged at $32,400 a piece.
Fuzzying the data is the fact that Obama's Democratic predecessor, Bill Clinton, was a fundraising machine, hitting the state some 107 times during his two terms in office. His daughter enrollment at Stanford in 1997 drew the Clintons out to California often; "President and Mrs. Clinton mixed pleasure with business over the weekend in California," wrote the Washington Post's Ann Gerhart and Annie Groers in the spring of the first daughter's freshman year, "spending time with daughter Chelsea between Democratic fund-raisers." Still, while the active Clinton made the same number of campaign stops in San Francisco and its environs as Obama has so far in office, Clinton's total stills skews towards the Mexico border, at a rate of 64 percent.
Republicans, meanwhile, have proven far less likely to hit up the California ATM. Ronald Reagan shook the tin cup in California some 16 times, all in the southern part of the state. That makes sense. "He would just come down from his ranch," says Doherty, of Rancho del Cielo in Santa Barbara, "and do one in L.A." George W. Bush made the same number of fundraising stops in Southern California as Reagan did, though he added another eight stops in the northern part of the state, including a 2006 event in Stockton to benefit then-Congressman Richard Pombo .
Why might such a shift in attention matter? Among Democrats, at least, it may well be a sign of the times. On everything from digital campaign tools to White House appointments to public policy, the Obama shop has in many cases thrown its fortunes in with those of the tech industry.
The digital copyright bill SOPA, for example, was hated by many in the tech industry. It died in the winter of 2011, with Obama doing his part to push it off the cliff. That earned the ire of many in Hollywood but heaps of praise from Silicon Valley . In the pre-SOPA era, the president fundraisers leaned just slightly toward Southern California. For what it's worth, post-SOPA, Obama started popping up in Oakland, San Joe, and Los Altos Hills more often. In the last nearly three years, he's dedicated some 25 of his 44 California trips (or 54 percent) to the northern swath of the state, including a dozen fundraisers in the city of San Francisco alone.
Doherty's work is a testament to the limits to what Obama has called the "most transparent administration" in American history . No single record of presidential fundraising travel exists. So, to make his book, the professor combed through the Public Papers of the Presidents, a collection housed at the American Presidency Project at the University of California at Santa Barbara, for details on events where the commander in chief makes on-the-record remarks. He searched LexisNexis -- anything where the president's name falls within 25 words of "fundraiser" says Doherty. Then he supplemented it with the White House's digest of weekly announcements. "It was rather painful," says Doherty, though at least for the Obama presidency that last source is available in digital form on the White House Web site.
"You can't get much farther from Washington D.C. in the continental United States than California," says Doherty. But it's still a pot of gold worth making a trip for, and there's not likely to be any let-up for Californians. He's run the numbers, too, on how often presidents travel there compared to the state's massive population. By that metric, he says, presidents are actually under-attending to the Golden State. For now.
Nancy Scola covers technology policy for The Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/technology, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410381597/1410381597000/1410381597 tracking: {authors=Nancy Scola, blog_name=the-switch, content_category=Business/technology, in_url_headline=californias-political-atm-is-now-located-closer-to-san-francisco-than-l-a, post_id=32300, section={section=business/technology, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 8:39:57 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 8:39:57 PM

Buy rating on NTPC  target Rs 157: NomuraBriton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess 'sex slave'
British national is facing trial in the UAE for threatening an Indian air hostess on an Emirates Air...

Made to order: a Herms sari  Canali bandhgalaLap of luxury Sooner than later, versions of Fifth Avenue will be mushrooming across the country as India demands bigger, better.
Global brands are imbibing Indian values to boost luxury consumption
Luxury seems to have found a new address in India, with emerging cities and small towns contributing to nearly half of the country’s Ultra HNH (high-net worth household) segment.
In other words, luxury brands are finding new patrons who have both money as well as taste from small towns.
Big markets
This is an evident change since non-metro regions today account for nearly 45 per cent of lucrative growth opportunities for the luxury segment players in India. Luxury consumption is not restricted to the metro cities any more. Region-specific sales figures and increasing demand of consumers clearly reflects the growing desire for luxury goods. International luxury brands are on their toes to cater to this new segment of customers who belong to Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities and contribute to 70 per cent of luxury consumption sales.
According to a recent Kotak report, 55 per cent of the total revenue is generated from major metro cities such as Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai and Kolkata. The other top locations which contribute to the rising sales figures include Bengaluru, Ahmedabad, Pune, Nagpur, Hyderabad and Ludhiana. They account for 16 per cent of sales while 7 per cent of the revenue is generated by Tier 2 cities such as Surat, Jaipur, Lucknow, Kanpur, Indore, Vadodara and many other such cities. The remaining regions generate 22 per cent of the total luxury segment sales.
Witnessing the current scenario, Indianisation and localisation are increasingly becoming differentiators of success with new customers in new markets.
Luxury brands no longer deal with just the elite and well travelled urban customer. New segments, today, comprise potential targets for luxury brands. Brands are responding by introducing local, Indian elements to their products— Canali Bandhgala, Hermès Sari, Moët’s Indian version of wine and various other products are being introduced to grab the attention of new customers.
Customisation
Lifestyle brands are signing up with Indian designers and are hiring relationship managers who speak local languages and are tweaking their offerings to suit Indian festivities and occasions. They are increasingly targeting the big fat Indian weddings with customised versions of products to cater to customer needs.
Education in luxury
Indian HNI customers are highly fragmented and divergent in their mindsets – from the traditionally wealthy, who are habitual spenders, to entrepreneurs or owners of SMEs who are new entrants and more prudent. This not only necessitates brands expanding their range of products but also calls for a more “inclusive” customer service. With the evolvement of the local market, several luxury brands have “Indianised” their pitch to suit shoppers. This includes focusing on educating shoppers new to luxury goods and more comfortable in regional languages, and making them feel more comfortable and connected. The luxury players are likely to remain convinced about India’s demand story, as growth in large markets continue to get saturated.
With the growth of luxury consumption, brands are bound to increase their experiential initiatives in India. Customisation to match the taste of the customer will be the next big trend. It is only a matter of time, and soon versions of Fifth Avenue will be sprouting up across the country, for India demands more. And it is only fair to say, luxury is here to stay.
Mishti Bose is Group CEO, Quintessentially Lifestyle
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

The difficulties for Chinas ancestry sleuthsSeptember 11, 2014 2:12 pm
My China Roots and the poser for the diaspora’s ancestry sleuths
By Lucy Hornby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f3e80cf4-3516-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scotlands fateful choiceSeptember 10, 2014 4:31 pm
Scotland’s fateful choice
©Getty
The United Kingdom ranks as one of the most successful marriages in history. England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland have survived ancient hatreds, tribal rivalry and war. Each nation has been enriched by a journey of enlightenment, empire, shared energy and enterprise.
In eight days’ time, this splendid mess of a union, to quote Simon Schama, the British historian, risks being separated into its national parts. Scotland will vote in a referendum to decide whether to stay in the UK or sunder bonds stretching back to 1707. Opinion polls suggest the result is too close to call, a prospect which has alarmed financial markets, wrongfooted allies and sent a complacent coalition government scrambling to find a last-minute sweetener to win over the Scots.
More
BP and the Supreme Court
Empires and nation states are not immune to break-up, but there is little precedent for a hitherto stable modern democracy splitting apart in peacetime, in the middle of an economic recovery. This is not the time for recrimination. For the moment, it is enough for this newspaper to declare that the path of separation is a fool’s errand, one fraught with danger and uncertainty.
Scotland is a proud and vibrant nation. Scots have contributed disproportionately to the union. They have played a leading role in arts, commerce, literature, the military, politics and sport. But a vote in favour of secession would be an irreversible act with profound consequences, not merely for 5m Scots but also for the other 58m citizens of England, Wales and Northern Ireland (including 750,000 Scots living and working outside Scotland who under the terms of the referendum have no say on the future of their country).
The act of separation would diminish the UK in every international body, notably the EU. It would raise complex – and still unanswered – questions about the common defence of the British Isles, the future of the currency and political arrangements for the rest of the UK. Above all, a Yes vote would ignore the lessons of the 20th century, a chapter in European history indelibly scarred by narrow nationalism.
A union born of a now-lost empire is one entirely suited to the world of the 21st century. The nation states that prosper in the age of globalisation are ones that bind themselves together in mutual endeavour. The experience of small states in the wake of the financial crisis is far from happy. Iceland and Ireland were left cruelly exposed. Further east, the Baltic states, brave and resourceful as the Scots, are members of the EU and Nato but still feel vulnerable to the bear’s paw of a revanchist Russia.
The case against secession cannot rest on nostalgia, though the Better Together campaign has been lamentably short of passion compared with the energetic, well-funded Yes effort run by Alex Salmond, the beguiling first minister of Scotland. It must rest first on an understanding of the political forces which have made independence a tempting prospect for Scots, as well as a hard-nosed assessment of the risks involved for all concerned.
The debate about devolving power to Scotland goes back more than a century. Keir Hardie, the Scottish Labour leader, proposed home rule in 1888 but his call carried little resonance. Scots were playing a leading role in ruling one-quarter of the world’s population. Glasgow was famed as the “second city of the empire”.
More video
The ties that bind have loosened over the past 70 years. The empire is gone, and the workshop of the world is no more. Scotland’s transition to a post-industrialised economy has been painful, though its overall economic performance over recent decades has been strong.
England and Scotland have grown apart politically. In the 1950s, the Conservative and Unionist party – to remind David Cameron’s party of its proper name – had an absolute majority of parliamentary seats in Scotland. Today, the Tory party’s representation has shrunk to a single MP, partly a legacy of Margaret Thatcher’s ill-judged poll tax and the benign neglect of a strong pound which devastated manufacturing north and south of the border. The discovery of North Sea oil in the 1960s further reinforced Scottish nationalism.
Tony Blair believed he could stymie the nationalist movement with more devolution of powers. His Labour government established a Scottish parliament at Holyrood. In retrospect, devolution did nothing to halt the secular decline of Labour in Scotland. Too many of the party’s heavyweights treated Scotland as a rotten borough to help them to power in London. Devolution may have encouraged further divergence on policies such as pensions, social care or university education from those in England.
Mr Salmond, a seasoned operator, has exploited the populist mood. Voters are angry about austerity caused by the financial crisis and alienated from the political establishment. Mr Salmond casts himself as an insurgent representing a new brand of civic nationalism in which the Scots will have control over their fate in a fresh young democracy.
Mr Salmond’s Panglossian pitch is that the Scots can have the best of all possible worlds
Mr Salmond can tug on the emotions of his fellow countrymen but he has given few credible answers about the challenges – economic, social and international – which would face Scotland. His Panglossian pitch is that the Scots can have the best of all possible worlds: independence, the monarchy and the pound, and that a Scotland which retreats into a narrower nationalist identity will somehow be better equipped to prosper in a world of globalisation.
His argument contains glaring inconsistencies. A currency union demands a political union. The eurozone’s travails show us as much. Mark Carney, governor of the Bank of England, made clear again this week that political independence is incompatible with maintaining sterling as the currency of choice. Mr Salmond insists the English establishment is bluffing. This is no bluff. The currency uncertainty will blight every aspect of the Scottish economy, from commercial lending to mortgages. Without total clarity, every Scottish citizen is left exposed.
Mr Salmond claims that separation is the best guarantee of future prosperity. His calculations are based on much wishful thinking covering vital matters such as the future oil price and how much of the UK’s debt would be assumed by the Scots. He presumes that it serves no one’s interest to be unreasonable about the terms of divorce, but he underestimates the psychological shock. No one can predict the consequences.
Nor is it obvious why Scotland will gain early and automatic entry into the EU. Other European states with their own separatist movements – notably Spain – have little incentive to agree to a quick deal. The only certainty is uncertainty, at a high cost to Scotland and the UK. The shift of deposits and money out of Scotland this week is a harbinger.
In depth

Top 100 - By market capitalisationFind the fund that is right for you
ALL MONEYWIZ PAGES

Buy tanla at current prices... target for long term is rs 50.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Block 37 owner secures permits to build residential towerBlock 37 owner secures permits to build residential tower
Proposed tower at Block 37
A proposed residential tower off of State Street in Chicago's Loop.
A proposed residential tower off of State Street in Chicago's Loop.
The final phase of Block 37's development
LA owner of Loop's Block 37 secures permits to build residential tower
The 34-story residential tower above Block 37 is moving forward.
CIM Group, the Los Angeles-based owner of the downtown retail complex, announced Thursday that it has secured initial permits to build the 690-unit apartment tower, the final phase of Block 37’s development program. Construction barricades will go up this weekend.
Business owners wanting downtown exposure during the busy holiday shopping season can vie for a free storefront in Block 37. ( Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz )
The tower will be positioned on the northern portion of Block 37’s eponymous block, on State Street between Washington and Randolph Streets, and “will offer sweeping city views, a fifth floor amenity deck including an outdoor pool and spa, a rooftop spa and fitness center,” among other amenities, CIM said in a statement.
The tower will be erected atop a five-floor enclosed mall that has changed hands several times and struggled to fulfill the vision of its developers. Five years after opening, and two years after CIM Group bought the mall after it had fallen into foreclosure, the 275,000-square-foot shopping center remains 63.6 percent vacant, according to real estate data provider CoStar Group, mostly on its upper three floors.
The third floor, which for years housed just a lonely Aveda Salon and Spa, is starting to take shape, with the Chicago Design Museum calling it its permanent home and restaurateur Richard Sandoval planning to open a Latin-themed food court called Latinicity there in April.
aelejalderuiz@tribune.com

Is there enough appetite in the markets for the governments proposed sale of shares in 3 PSUs
Blacklisted Not any moreTweet
In a country that aspires to fairness, products coloured black don’t fare too badly, at least in the cities
Rukmani Easwaran, a housewife from New Delhi, is looking to buy a wedding gift for her nephew. She can’t decide between a home theatre system and a wrist watch. After much deliberation, she settles on the former, but chooses to buy it in navy blue or maroon, instead of in black, her favourite colour.
It’s after all a wedding, she reasons, “and whoever gifts black?”
The colour black has associations both positive and negative. In the West, it is most commonly associated with mourning, impurity, evil, violence and the occult but also symbolises power and elegance. In the Eastern world, especially in India, the colour has similar negative associations.
However, now, it is slowly emerging as a colour of choice , at least in some cases, in a market that has for long viewed it in an unfavourable light.
Urban-rural divide
“In a rural environment it would be recommended to steer clear of black branding as the association is far too close to menacing and inauspicious. The only way in which black can work in a rural set-up is by creating an association between the product and something that naturally occurs in black. For instance, a new toothbrush has been introduced by a brand, with black bristles; it claims to be infused with charcoal. This product and its communication would work in rural India, because traditionally, charcoal has been used to clean teeth. In urban India, however, where this practice is little known, the product may click because it’s offering consumers something different, distinct and new in terms of product packaging,” says Smita Rajgopal, Founder of branding and design consultancy Smitten.
“It’s all in the positioning. A black pack of perfume associates well with mystique, or a predominantly black-packaged shampoo could subconsciously associate with rich black hair,” she adds.
Black is a no-no for a wedding party or religious ceremonies as a choice of apparel, says fashion designer Bhaavya Bhatnagar. “But people are open to black in western formals; for occasions such as parties, and black-tie dinners,” she adds.
India’s acceptance of black, at least in some categories, is a result of globalisation, increased exposure.
Right now, it is mostly limited to urban areas, believes Bedraj Tripathy, Senior General Manager, Marketing, Godrej Interio. While black works for cars, furniture, gadgets, computers, and apparel, “I have not seen too much of it in FMCG products,” he adds. A salesman at a Hyundai dealership in Chennai says the company has stopped making black versions of its small cars/hatchbacks. It sells black only in sedans now. “Black vehicles don’t move much. They absorb a lot of heat which is not helpful in a hot country like India. Culturally too, people here are against black, they don’t like to buy black products. Their resale value is low too,” he adds.
However, a salesman at a Maruti dealership, also in Chennai, says only about 10 per cent of prospective customers at his showroom reject black because it has connotations of inauspiciousness. The majority of them do not want it because a black car becomes very hot and dust and dirt show up easily on it.
He observes that customers in certain professions tend to stick to certain colours. Lawyers, for instance, prefer black cars, while doctors go for white and priests go for “Sunlight Copper”.
Blending with background
“Black is not really shunned by people for their gadgets of daily use,” says Kishlay Ray, Vice-President (Marketing), Sharp Business Systems India. Consumers are now much more willing to accept black in certain categories such as cell phones, as the colour fades the least and it absorbs radiation better, says Pankaj Bhasin, Head (Marketing Communications) Sunstrike Telecom, which makes the Rage brand of mobile phones. “One hasn’t faced any difficulty in marketing black-coloured phones since consumers, for long, have preferred them in the colour,” says Soumitra Gupta, Managing Director and CEO of Taiwan-based phone manufacturer Oplus, India.
Changes in lifestyles and mindsets are breaking down the resistance to black. “In homes, white goods such as ovens, fridges, air-conditioners and washing machines in black have seen acceptance and are chosen because they can fit into any background,” says Ranjith Nair, Head, Business Development, Siemens Home Appliances, India.
As integrating as it can be, the colour provides an edge too. “Black products stand out visually in displays,” adds Neeraj Gupta, GM (Sales and Marketing), Living Environment Division, Mitsubishi Electric India. “A black-coloured appliance is also perceived to be a ‘premium’ product,” says Shanta Roy Sanjeev, Marketing Head, Haier India. “It makes the product look durable and sturdy,” adds Suresh Sethi, Head of Global Consumer Design, Whirlpool of India.
“If the choice was to buy a home theatre for my house, I would have most certainly bought one in black. It matches everything,” says Rukmani Easwaran.
Had it been a gift for another occasion, she would have surely gone for black. Would she ever consider wearing black for a wedding or for any other ritual anytime in the near future? “Of course not, it’s inauspicious,” comes the reply.
Black is beautiful, yes, but clearly, old beliefs die hard.
With inputs from Sravanthi Challapalli
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Refreshed Nissan Evalia launched at Rs 8.78 LakhNissan India launches a refreshed version of the Nissan Evalia from Rs 8.78 - 10.72 (ex-showroom, Delhi)
 
 
 
A year after it’s original debut into the Indian market, Nissan  India has relaunched the Nissan  Evalia with a host of new and improved features. Based on the highly successful and award winning NV200 platform, the Evalia does not seem to have gathered as much momentum as Nissan  India would have expected it to. Nissan  hopes the subtle yet significant changes that they have made in the Evalia will change the way the car buying audience perceives the Evalia. 
 
The biggest and most significant change in the Evalia is the addition of sliding side windows for the middle row passengers. A feature that in our opinion should have been present on the Evalia all along, has finally been added thereby giving the middle row window much more character apart from being practical as well. The window though is still not fully openable, but more of a sliding flap, something similar to that of the Ashok Leyland  Stile. The new Nissan  Evalia also features much-appreciated Captain seats in the middle row as opposed to the earlier bench setup. There is also a new centre-row air conditioning unit available on the higher spec Evalias. Although this does add a touch of additional comfort for it’s passengers, the Evalia’s AC unit does look a tad-bit aftermarket. 
 
 
 
The Evalia’s class leading features such as the reversing camera and parking sensors and it’s class topping fuel efficiency of 19.30kmpl still remain unchanged making the Evalia an excellent value proposition vehicle. In terms of an exterior update, Nissan  now offers a stylish set of chrome 15-inch alloy wheels that make the Evalia look more contemporary than before. The Nissan  Evalia currently sells only about 200 units a month on average, with fleet customers occupying about 65% of the monthly figure. With the new and updated Evalia, Nissan  hopes both overall as well as private buyer figures will increase over the next few months. 
 
Nissan Evalia Prices (Ex-Showroom, Delhi)
XE : 8,78,175

Subscribe to multibaggers NOWPowerful mix of technical, fundamental and commodity packs with timely expert advice.
Technical
Designed especially for traders looking to tap the profit opportunities of volatile markets.
Fundamental
For all investors looking to unearth stocks that are poised to move.
Commodities
1890
Stay on top of the Indian Commodities Market with commodity trading calls Intraday, and Positional (Short & Long-Term Calls).

Banks warn they will move if Scots vote YesLast updated: September 11, 2014 2:22 pm
RBS warns it would relocate to England if Scots vote Yes
By Claer Barrett and Martin Arnold
©Bloomberg
Royal Bank of Scotland led a host of banks employing more than 35,000 people in Scotland who warned that they would relocate their headquarters south of the border in the event of a Yes vote in the Scottish independence referendum next week.
“RBS believes that it would be necessary to re-domicile the bank’s holding company and its primary rated operating entity (The Royal Bank of Scotland plc) to England,” it said in a statement on Thursday.
More
Investors pull cash ahead of Scots vote
The move, which followed a similar announcement from Lloyds Banking Group on Wednesday, was swiftly echoed by Clydesdale Bank, TSB Bank and Tesco Bank, which all individually confirmed they would set up London-based entities if Scotland voted to leave the UK.
RBS, said that in the event of a Yes vote, its decision to re-domicile “should have no impact on everyday banking services used by our customers throughout the British Isles”, stating this was the most effective way to “provide clarity” to stakeholders.
Ross McEwan, chief executive, has written to the bank’s 12,000 staff in Scotland reassuring them that none of them would be relocated as part of the contingency plans. “This is a technical procedure regarding the location of our registered head office. It is not an intention to move operations or jobs,” Mr McEwan said in his letter.
In its statement, RBS said: “The vote on independence is a matter for the Scottish people. Scotland has been RBS’s home since 1727. RBS intends to retain a significant level of its operations and employment in Scotland to support its customers there and the activities of the whole bank.”
Clydesdale Bank confirmed it was also seeking registration as an English company in the event of a Yes vote. The announcement from its parent National Australia Bank said re-registration “would address some of the uncertainties and risks surrounding terms of separation if Scotland were to become an independent country”.
The recently floated TSB Bank, which has more than a quarter of its loans north of the border, said it planned to move its main high street banking subsidiary’s domicile from Edinburgh to London. TSB’s parent company and head office are already all in London, but it has more than 2,000 staff in Scotland, out of a total of 8,000.
“Although the implications of Scottish Independence remain unclear, it is likely that in the event of a Yes vote, TSB will establish additional legal entities in England,” it said, adding that it expected there to be enough time between a Yes vote and the start of independence to implement any changes.
Tesco Bank, which employs more than 3,000 people in Scotland, said its contingency plans “include the creation of a new registered company, domiciled in England” but while this would change the address of its headquarters, “we do not expect there would be any immediate impact on colleagues at our existing centres”.
Lloyds, which employs about 16,000 people north of the border, said on Wednesday that it was considering relocating its Bank of Scotland, Halifax and Scottish Widows divisions to London.
More video
Alex Salmond, Scotland’s first minister, said the RBS contingency plan to redesignate its headquarters to London would not have an impact on jobs or on an independent Scotland’s corporation tax base.
“Corporation tax depends not on the registered office but on economic activity”, he said, citing assurances by RBS that the move was “technical” and would not affect the bank’s operations in Scotland.
Mr Salmond claimed that business criticism of Scottish independence in recent days had been orchestrated by Downing Street, as officials scrambled to find people “to say something negative”.
He also claimed the government had been “caught red-handed in a campaign of scaremongering”, accusing the Treasury of leaking the market sensitive RBS announcement on Wednesday night.
With some polls showing the two sides neck-and-neck a week before the vote, business leaders have become more outspoken about the impact of a Yes vote. Retailer Next said on Thursday it feared that independence would push up prices in its stores north of the border.
Lord Wolfson, chief executive, said he was concerned about the impact on the wider economy. “If their currency is a weaker one, potentially it is going to put prices up [in Scotland],” he said.
In depth

Wall Street edges down; energy shares extend declineTransports rise, find support at moving average
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Transportation stocks were higher on Thursday, bucking the trend of the general market and edging back near record levels.
The strength in the group is a bullish indicator, as it is often viewed as a proxy for economic activity. The Dow Jones Transportation Average <.DJT> was up 0.2 percent on the day, moving within 0.7 percent of a record close hit Sept. 5. It is up 15.4 percent thus far in 2014.

Upgrade to Safer IE8
Follow @Businessline
Fat shaming doesnt work  a new study saysBy Abby Phillip September 11 at 11:07 AM Follow @abbydphillip
(Ricky Carioti/The Washington Post)
If, somehow, you think shaming overweight or obese people helps them lose weight, here's a news flash: It doesn't.
A new study from University College London  evaluated the question: Are people who experience discrimination or negative interactions based on their weight actually encouraged to lose the extra pounds?
The answer, according to their findings, is a clear no.
Not only do people who report day-to-day discrimination not lose weight, they actually gain weight.
"Our results show that weight discrimination does not encourage weight loss, and suggest that it may even exacerbate weight gain," the study's lead author, Sarah Jackson, said in a statement. "Previous studies have found that people who experience discrimination report comfort eating. Stress responses to discrimination can increase appetite, particularly for unhealthy, energy-dense food."
Jackson, a researcher in University College London's department of epidemiology and public health, added: "Weight discrimination has also been shown to make people feel less confident about taking part in physical activity, so they tend to avoid it."
The study, published in the journal "Obesity," used data from the English Longitudinal Study of Ageing to look at a group of 2,944 British adults over the age of 50. Five percent of the study's subjects reported negative experiences because of their weight, including harassment, poor service in stores or restaurants, teasing and bad treatment from doctors or hospitals.
The people who reported day-to-day discrimination because of their weight gained about 2 pounds (0.95 kg) on average, and people who didn't lost about 1.6 pounds (0.71 kg) on average, according to the study.
The results were based on a survey, rather than experimental data, so you can't make conclusions about whether the fat-shaming actually caused the weight gain. But it suggests that casual or overt ill-treatment of overweight and obese people is hard to justify, whether it comes from health-care professionals or Internet bullies.
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national/health-science, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410448056/1410448056000/1410448056 tracking: {authors=Abby Phillip, blog_name=to-your-health, content_category=National/health-science, in_url_headline=fat-shaming-doesnt-work-a-new-study-says, post_id=5049, section={section=national/health-science, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 3:07:36 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 3:07:36 PM

Bond bears are wrongAkash Prakash |  Array Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 09:50 PM IST
Akash Prakash: Bond bears are wrong
It is not rising yields that will torpedo the bull market in financial assets
Bond yields, especially 10-year sovereign-bond yields are probably the most critical price in the entire financial system. It is the risk-free yield - all other prices in the financial system are based on this. All other yields - be they corporate bonds, high-yield, investment-grade and so on - are priced off the sovereign. Even equity prices and price-earnings multiples are ultimately directly or indirectly (through relative bond- or equity-valuation models) affected by the risk-free rate, its level and direction. It is clearly a very important price signal for all markets and asset classes globally.
Today, we have a situation where sovereign-bond yields globally are at extreme levels. In Japan, 10-year sovereign-bond yields are below 0.6 per cent, in Germany they are at one per cent and even in the United States they are at 2.5 per cent - all extremely low yields by historical standards. Two-year yields in Germany and certain other European countries are actually negative. The European Central Bank is charging banks and providing negative interest rates if they place excess reserves with it. Quantitative-easing (QE) programmes were in place in Britain, Japan and the United States, and look likely to commence in the European Union (EU) shortly.
As we look out over the coming years, it is important to have a perspective on where one thinks global sovereign yields will settle. They have to go up from here, for sure, given current levels; but what will be the pace and extent of normalisation?
Are global bond markets poised for dislocation as soon as the central banks cease QE? Are yields poised to spike much higher due to elevated public and private debt levels, or will yields remain depressed as the forces of secular stagnation overpower the end of QE bond buying?
As one tries to project bond yields over the coming years, there are many complex and interrelated factors one will have to take into account. Demographics, central-bank balance sheets, the forces of secular stagnation, declining inflation expectations - each of these factors is important. But how to figure out the relative and shifting importance of these and other variables when looking at prospective yields many years from now?
In a recent report, The Bank Credit Analyst has addressed exactly this question. They have used an International Monetary Fund (IMF) model to try and project yields into the future, as well as try to understand which factors are most critical.
Tracking bond yields globally since 1990, and trying to break down contributions to changes in 5Y/5Y forward rates (five-year yields, five years out), the IMF model throws out some interesting conclusions.
First, demographics have played a very key part in pulling down rates since 1990. The growth in the working-age population has fallen from 0.8 per cent in 1990 to 0.2 per cent today, leading to a headwind in demand for all types of goods and services. This downward pressure on demand resulted in lower interest rates across the yield curve. The slowdown in labour-force growth reduced yields by about 50 basis points between 1990 and 2007, and about 120 basis points between 2007 and 2014. As the demographic profile of most of the developed world continues to worsen, this will be a key factor in preventing rates from spiking in the coming years.
Secondly, QE has been the most important factor for the decline in equilibrium yields since 2007. Going forward, as the QE programmes are unwound it will drive yields higher - but it is critical to understand the pace of central-bank balance-sheet shrinkage. This upward pressure on yields will play out over many years unless the central banks dump assets aggressively.
The third major conclusion of the IMF model and its forecast is that we are unlikely to see a significant rise in equilibrium yields due to a weakening of the fiscal position of most countries for the rest of this decade. This effect becomes far more important as we look at equilibrium yields from 2020 onwards. It is only in this timeframe that the real weakening of government finances becomes apparent, as they have to deal with the social and funding pressures of an ageing population.
The bottom line of the IMF model is that global bond yields should not soar over the coming five years, even though the various QE programmes will be wound down. Fair value for the average five-year forward yield may only rise by about 40 basis points (rising inflation expectations are offset by demographics and improving fiscal health), after falling about 320 basis points since 1990. So some reversal, an end to the bond bull market for sure - but nowhere near the bloodbath the bond bears are expecting.
The only caveat to this is that the IMF modelling assumes that while QE ends by 2014 in the United States and by 2015 in Japan (there is no QE assumed in the EU), the respective central banks will keep the size of their balance sheets unchanged and allow them to shrink as a percentage of gross domestic product (GDP). The bears may argue that this is too modest an assumption, and the balance sheets will actually shrink in absolute terms. Faster normalisation of central-bank balance sheets will drive yields higher.
Beyond 2020, however, the yields may back up more aggressively, with an anticipated 160-basis-point rise. While demographics will continue to put downward pressure on yields, this will be more than offset by the deterioration in government finances and continued shrinking of central-bank balance sheets. It could get much worse, in terms of a greater rise in yields if developed-country governments are unable to get a grip on their finances and their deficits blow up due to spending pressures linked to an ageing population.
The model looks at individual countries and different modelling scenarios. For example, if the EU were to announce a proper QE programme, then yields there would drop to Japan-like levels. If governments are unable to keep their fiscal house in order, then we could see yields rising by another 120 basis points over and above the 160 basis points predicted from 2020 onwards. If the global economy grows one percentage point faster than the IMF model, then yields may rise by 150 basis points more than predicted. These predictions are obviously on a point-to-point basis and yields will, in reality, fluctuate.
While what happens in the coming years is unknown, the point the paper makes is that unless real GDP growth and inflation are much higher than what the IMF is currently projecting, it is unlikely that bond yields will spike dramatically in the coming five years. If the IMF is right, rising yields are not going to torpedo this bull market in financial assets. Something else may, but not a bloodbath in bonds.
The writer is at Amansa Capital
 Advertisements

About Thomson ReutersAbout Us
Thomson Reuters is the world’s leading source of intelligent information for businesses and professionals
We combine industry expertise with innovative technology to deliver critical information to leading decision makers in the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property and science and media markets, powered by the world's most trusted news organization.
Thomson Reuters shares are listed on the Toronto and New York Stock Exchanges (symbol: TRI).
Thomson Reuters

Register today for free job alertsMarketing Director Jobs
About exec-appointments.com
Bring your career into focus with the executive job board from the Financial Times. Register today to apply for the finest executive and senior manager jobs in all sectors, including finance, banking, marketing, sales, charity and IT.
From CEO roles in London and in Paris to Finance Director roles in New York and Geneva,
exec-appointments.com will help you find the management role that matches your experience and aspirations.

Online Study Materialon Completing the Assessment
Hi,
We are committed to improving your Topperlearning experience. Please take a few moments to complete this short survey to help us service you better. A Big Thank You in advance.
Team Topper

New smartphone app to detect signs of Parkinson sBriton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess 'sex slave'
British national is facing trial in the UAE for threatening an Indian air hostess on an Emirates Air...

Manmohan Singh was part of the decisions to allocate 2G spectrum  coal blocks: Ex-CAG Vinod RaiPrint
Former CAG Vinod Rai. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 9:11 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 10:11 pm
Former CAG Vinod Rai has come out with a stinging criticism of former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh saying integrity is not just financial but intellectual and professional too and claimed that Congress leaders had sought to apply pressure on him to keen the PM’s name out of audit reports.
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner, was also critical of the coalition politics under Singh and alleged suggested that he was more interested in remaining in power. “Integrity is not just financial; it is intellectual integrity; it is professional integrity. You have an oath of allegiance to the constitution and that is important,” he told Outlook magazine.
He was asked what was his understanding of PM’s psychology considering that many revered him as an elder statesman. Rai replied that “you cannot have the nation being subjugated to the state and the state being a coalition of political parties. The belief was that good politics makes good economics too. But does good politics mean just staying in power?”
Rai, who is writing a book on his days as head of Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG), said his phone was tapped by the then UPA government and he felt Singh was part of the decisions to allocate 2G telecom spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
“…in 2G and coal there is no way he (Singh) can shirk responsibility. In 2G all the letters written by (then telecom Minister) A Raja were to him and he was replying to those letters. I got no reply to any letter I wrote to him. “On one occasion when I called on him, the PM said I hope you don’t expect a reply from me, whereas he was replying to Raja twice a day. So how can he be not held responsible for the onus of that decision?,” Rai said.
Recalling that Singh had on November 16, 2010 told him that the figure of Rs 1.76 lakh crore 2G loss was not the right way of computing, Rai said he had told the then PM “‘Sir, these are the econometric methods that you have taught us’. This was sitting on the stage of Vigyan Bhavan”.

India voices optimism ahead of China president s visit  eyes investmentThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Equity - Index Fundse.g. Tata motors, Reliance MF, 500570
Mutual Fund Selector
Top Performers from Equity -   Index Fund
Company

After Apple Inc iCloud fiasco  5 mn Google usernames  passwords leakedAfter Apple Inc iCloud fiasco, 5 mn Google usernames, passwords leaked
Google is the latest cybercrime victim with hackers posting usernames and passwords online.
Briton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess 'sex slave'
British national is facing trial in the UAE for threatening an Indian air hostess on an Emirates Air...

Ramnath Goenka AwardsSponsors
Award Categories
Ramnath Goenka Awards for Excellence in Journalism celebrates the values that stand for good journalism: excellence & enterprise, courage & fairness. The awards will cover the entire gamut of Indian media, Print & Broadcast, in English & Indian languages.
Ramnath Goenka Memorial Foundation will accept nominations for Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards 2011 & 2012  in the following categories covering Print & Broadcast media (television) in the categories, as listed below:
RAMNATH GOENKA JOURNALIST OF THE YEAR
The jury will pick the most outstanding media personality of  the year for print or broadcast, from nominations by editors/heads of media houses  or from among the winners of other categories of awards.
Print or Broadcast - The prize money for this category is
2,50,000/-
REPORTING FROM J&K AND THE NORTHEAST
This award will recognize outstanding journalistic efforts from two of the most challenging regions in India for any reporter: J&K and the Northeast.
Print & Broadcast - The prize money for each category is  
1,00,000/-
HINDI
This award will go to a journalist each in Print & Broadcast media whose coverage of an event or issue stood out for excellence, independence, depth, quality and impact in the national language.
Print & Broadcast - The prize money for each category is  
1,00,000/- 
REGIONAL LANGUAGES
This award will go to a journalist each in Print & Broadcast media whose coverage of an event or issue stood out for excellence, quality, independence, depth and impact in the regional languages.
Print & Broadcast - The prize money for each category is  
1,00,000/-
ENVIRONMENTAL REPORTING
This award will be given to an author of an article or series in a newspaper, magazine or television that makes an exceptional contribution to public awareness & understanding of environmental issues. The report/series of reports must be a substantive work that covers a story completely & raises public consciousness & awareness about environment.
Print & Broadcast - The prize money for each category is  
1,00,000/-
UNCOVERING INDIA INVISIBLE
The award will honour substantive Print or television reporting that covers rural issues intelligently. It may be awarded for explanatory or expository journalism & will be judged on general excellence, quality of writing, forcefulness & importance to the public interest.
Print & Broadcast - The prize money for each category is  
1,00,000/-
BUSINESS AND ECONOMIC JOURNALISM
The award will go to a journalist who shows the highest standards of independence, rigour, depth & analysis while covering any aspect of business or economy.
Print & Broadcast - The prize money for each category is  
1,00,000/-
REPORTING ON POLITICS AND GOVERNMENT
This award will go to a journalist each in Print & Broadcast media whose coverage helps develop a unique understanding of politics & the political process.
Print & Broadcast - The prize money for each category is  
1,00,000/-
SPORTS JOURNALISM
This award will go to a journalist each in Print & Broadcast media whose coverage explores new avenues & finds a new direction in reporting sports.
Print & Broadcast - The prize money for each category is  
1,00,000/-
FILM AND TELEVISION JOURNALISM
This award will go to a journalist each in Print & Broadcast media whose coverage sets new standards in reporting the world of entertainment.
Print & Broadcast - The prize money for each category is  
1,00,000/-
ON-THE-SPOT REPORTING
This award will go to a journalist each from Print & Broadcast whose coverage of a news-break (of a nationally significant event) stands out for speed, maturity, sensitivity, depth, details and investigative skills.
Print & Broadcast - The prize money for each category is  
1,00,000/-
INVESTIGATIVE REPORTING
This award will go to a journalist from Print & Broadcast category whose report investigates an issue of public interest to reveal an aspect/element which has not yet been covered/explored in the media. The report/reports should be substantive work that is original, forceful and has made an impact.
Print & Broadcast - The prize money for each category is  
1,00,000/-
FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT COVERING INDIA
This award will go to foreign correspondents in Print media for coverage that most accurately & sensitively portrays India to a foreign audience.
The prize money is  
1,00,000/-
COMMENTARY & INTERPRETATIVE WRITING
This award will go to a Print journalist/commentator whose work stands out for clarity, depth, analysis, style and forcefulness of idea/opinion expressed.
The prize money is  
1,00,000/-
BOOKS (NON–FICTION)
This award will go to a writer/writers whose published work, through in-depth research &  investigation, covers an issue/idea on a scale which newspapers or television channels with their limited space & time cannot aspire to tackle. This award will be for Books published in English language.
The prize money is  
1,00,000/-
PRAKASH KARDALEY MEMORIAL AWARD FOR CIVIC JOURNALISM
This award, instituted in memory of The Indian Express's former Resident Editor in Pune, Prakash Kardaley, will honour a print journalist whose sustained effort highlights a civic issue and forces the authorities to find a solution to it.  The award aims to recognize proactive local reporting that makes a difference to the lives of the citizens.
The prize money is  

What is your organisations Pygmalion QuotientWhat is your organisation’s Pygmalion Quotient?
C Mahalingam
Tweet
Great expectations lead to greater achievement, the Pygmalion Effect prophesies
Pygmalion is nothing new to those in management circles. Dr Sterling Livingston wrote a classic article titled Pygmalion in Management in the Harvard Business Review in 1998 and it was republished in January 2003. We actually measured the Pygmalion Quotient in an organisation where I managed the global HR function for eight years. As I took over, I was keen on assessing the maturity of the people management function in the company. People Management is how the line managers – from first-line all the way up to senior managers – manage their teams. The higher the maturity of people management in an organisation, the greater the chance of all key people-related indicators such as ability to attract talent, retain and engage them, and get them to deliver their best.
The Pygmalion Effect demonstrates the following:
What managers expect of their subordinates and the way they treat them largely determine their performance and career prospects.
A unique characteristic of superior managers is the ability to set high performance expectations that subordinates fulfil.
Less effective managers fail to develop similar expectations and as a consequence, the productivity of their subordinates suffers.
Subordinates, more often than not, appear to do what they believe they are expected to do.
Self-fulfilling prophecy
In other words, the Pygmalion Effect is a self-fulfilling prophecy. When managers expect superior performance and create necessary conditions, the direct reports measure up and deliver superior performance. Dr Rosenthal, who did early experiments and established the Pygmalion Effect, mentioned four supporting factors that leaders do to make it come alive. They are: (a) managers create a warmer climate for their subordinates; (b) provide useful inputs to them; (c) provide the opportunity to learn and perform and finally (d) provide differentiated feedback. Together, doing these four things defines the supporting environment for the juniors to deliver their best and fulfil the performance expectations from their managers.
Measuring the Pygmalion Quotient
Establishing a Pygmalion culture is a function of getting managers across levels and functions in the organisation to deliver superior performance by bringing the self-fulfilling prophecy alive. Measuring PQ is a first step to understand how managers as a community behave like Pygmalion in an organisation. This is done through intensive discussions and interviews with managers and the team members they supervise. With questions like “What is your approach to developing your people?”; “How do you set performance goals for your people?”“What do you focus on when you do performance reviews?”; you go about assessing your managers’ style and commitment to playing Pygmalion. But this is only half the story. The exercise is complete only when you speak to the direct reports of your managers and ask them similar questions. The responses of team members are even more important than the responses of the managers. However, gaining insight from discussions with both managers and the managed will help build a holistic perspective on the Pygmalion quotient of the company.
Being, knowing and doing
There are three dimensions to measuring the PQ. They may be described as the being, the knowing and the doing. From a manager’s viewpoint, being represents a sense of oneself as a potential Pygmalion; knowing represents the appreciation of what being a Pygmalion can do to elevate the juniors’ performance; and doing represents what actions does the manager really take for demonstrating the Pygmalion in him or her! Effectively, playing Pygmalion requires an integrated self with all three aspects coming fully alive.
Establishing a road map
This is the first step: knowing where your organisation stands. Once you had done the diagnosis in terms of what percentage of your managers play Pygmalion (knowingly or otherwise), you set out on establishing a robust people management maturity road map for your organisation. While establishing the roadmap and gaining the approval of the management team itself may not take more than a few weeks, making sure the roadmap is a complete one is critical to institutionalising the culture of people management in the organisation. The road map has to be prepared and owned by HR, but in effect, it is something that the CEO and senior management endorse and value. At the end of the day, remember the wisdom from Gallup that people join corporations, but leave managers! So, how on earth can an organisation get and keep great talent if they do not raise the bar for people management? When the bucket has huge holes in people management, pouring great people into it is of no avail.
(C Mahalingam is an Executive Coach and HR Advisor. He is also a visiting professor at several IIMs)
(This article was published on September 9, 2014)

Delhi: Congress disapproves of Sheila Dikshit s remarks backing BJPUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: Congress on Thursday disapproved of former Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit's remarks that the BJP should be given an opportunity to form government in Delhi. Distancing itself from the statement, party general secretary in-charge for Delhi Shakeel Ahmed dubbed it as "personal opinion".
"Shiela Ji's comments on govt formation in Delhi, may be her personal opinion. Congress MLAs & AICC are totally against extending support to BJP", Ahmed tweeted. Delhi Congress termed Dikshit's remarks as "shocking" and said that they do not represent the party's stand. "We are shocked by Sheila Dikshit's statement on government formation. It is her personal views and Congress has nothing to do with it. Our stand is very clear from day one that Congress would not let the BJP form government in the national capital," Delhi Congress' chief spokesperson Mukesh
Sharma said.
Distancing itself from the statement, party general secretary in-charge for Delhi Shakeel Ahmed dubbed it as "personal opinion".
Ajay Maken, another Congress General Secretary and Chairman of the Congress Media Department, spoke in the same vein. Maken, who hails from Delhi and is a former Union Minister, tweeted "Shiela Ji's comments on Govt formation in Delhi may be her personal opinion. We are against BJP forming Govt. b'cause they don't have numbers".
"In a democracy, elected governments are always good as they represent the people. If BJP has reached such a situation that it can form government, it is good for Delhi," Dikshit, a three-time Chief Minister of Delhi, said here. She said, "as far as I could understand, every MLA, whether he is from Congress or AAP or others, doesn't want election. People are saying that the MLAs have just been elected and their membership has not crossed even one year. As far as I can understand and people are telling me that they (MLAs) want government to be formed."
The 76-year-old leader said that MLAs, whether they are from Congress, AAP or others, do not want election. The statement by Dikshit, who recently resigned as Governor of Kerala leading to speculation about her return to active politics, has come at a time when AAP and Congress have been accusing BJP of trying to poach MLAs to form government in Delhi.
Delhi BJP, however, praised Dikshit for her "straightforward" statement over current political deadlock in the national capital while the Aam Aadmi Party said that it was not surprised as "there is hardly any difference between BJP and Congress".

We expect the rupee to stay around 60 levels‘We expect the rupee to stay around 60 levels’
Radhika Merwin
Tweet
Shilpa Kumar
With the change in sentiments, we have seen increased capital inflows into the country, says ICICI Bank’s Shilpa Kumar
The Government’s commitment to reining in the fiscal deficit to 3 per cent of GDP and its agreement with the RBI that inflation-control is critical are positives. But Shilpa Kumar, Senior General Manager, Head - Global Markets Group, ICICI Bank, feels what is important is how well these get executed. Edited excerpts from a telephonic interview:
Is the latest GDP growth of 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter sustainable?
The Q1 GDP was indeed encouraging. It is certainly sustainable over the medium term. There are early signs of the business cycle turning and sentiments have clearly improved. Lower inflation and improved income prospects, compared to last year are also likely to support consumption.
There could be some weakness in Q2 as weak monsoons may weigh on farm output. However, the industrial sector is now better placed and will offset most of the drag from the agricultural sector. This fiscal may see a GDP growth of 5.5-5.7 per cent with industry growing at around 4 per cent as against our earlier estimate of 2 per cent.
What is the reason for this optimism? Are you seeing some activity at the ground level after the new Government took over?
There are two parts to this. One, when we pencilled in the growth numbers for this year, we expected growth to come from the industry segment. The growth in this segment was flat last year and we expected it would be 2 per cent this year.
Two, even before the new Government took over, the first quarter GDP growth signalled some pick-up. The sentiment certainly has improved. But it is too early to say if it has translated into an actual pick-up in capital activity.
On the domestic currency front, which saw some volatility in the last one month or so, where do you think the rupee is headed?
Broadly, we expect the rupee to stay around 60 levels. There may be some volatility around that and I would argue that it’s not such a bad thing.
With the change in sentiments we have seen increased capital inflows into the country, and it’s only natural for the RBI to use this to build up the forex reserves. Hence, the rupee has broadly remained stable, and that’s the way we expect it to remain.
What about inflation? Where do you see it settling, and what do you think the RBI will do on the policy front?
Inflation is proving to be a bit difficult to manage, given that we have not seen food inflation come down in a structured way yet. The Government has, on its part, taken various steps.
It has kept the MSP (minimum support price) increase at a modest level, brought certain things under the Essential Commodities Act, and even tried to dismantle the APMC (Agriculture Produce Market Committee).
But these have not translated into an easing of food prices. And given that the food basket makes up 50 per cent of overall inflation, we actually need some structural shift before we can fix the 6 per cent target for the long run.
So, by when do you expect rates to start coming down?
It will be hard to put a date to it because policy action will be a function of inflation.
What’s positive though is the fact that the Government is indeed committed to keeping the 3 per cent fiscal deficit target over the next few years. If overall government borrowings do come down, I think that should be good for interest rates in the long run. But in the medium and short terms, we have to watch inflation.
What about the demand or supply factors that may impact the yield on 10-year government securities? For instance, will the recent reduction in the statutory liquidity ratio lower the demand for G-Secs and, hence, keep yields high?
Technically, the reduction in the SLR and HTM (held-to-maturity) limits should impact the demand for government bonds and allow for better credit pick up subsequently. But why we have not seen a sharp impact on demand is on account of two factors.
One, the credit cycle has not picked up. And, two, banks now have to start meeting the new Basel liquidity norms. The liquidity norms, which are drafted for all banks globally, do not recognise that Indian banks have this very unique SLR dimension. 
So, not only do we (Indian banks) need to maintain SLR requirements, but also we must start adhering to the LCR (Liquidity Coverage Ratio) mandate in the coming year. So, on the whole, even with SLR cuts the demand for government securities should balance out.
(This article was published on September 10, 2014)

Update: Delays on Metros Orange  Silver and Blue lines resolvedMetro said normal service has resumed.
Original post at 9:16 a.m.
Metro riders can expect delays on the Orange, Silver and Blue lines Thursday morning.
An alert said there are residual delays to Vienna/Fairfax-GMU, Wiehle-Reston East and Franconia-Springfield stations because of an earlier train malfunction at Stadium-Armory station.
For more transportation-related news, check out Dr. Gridlock .
Victoria St. Martin covers breaking news and Prince William County for The Post's Local desk.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=local, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410441384/1410441384000/1410441384 tracking: {authors=Victoria St. Martin, blog_name=dr-gridlock, content_category=Local, in_url_headline=delays-on-metros-orange-silver-and-blue-lines-3, post_id=29890, section={section=local, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 1:16:24 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 1:16:24 PM
Comments
SECTION: {section=local, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410441384/1410441384000/1410441384 tracking: {authors=Victoria St. Martin, blog_name=dr-gridlock, content_category=Local, in_url_headline=delays-on-metros-orange-silver-and-blue-lines-3, post_id=29890, section={section=local, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 1:16:24 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 1:16:24 PM
Show Comments

Argentinas Netflix tax is fanning the flames of national politicsEntertainment makers, meet Argentinian politics.(AP Photo/Natacha Pisarenko)
SHARE
Daniel A. Medina @dmedin11
September 11, 2014
In its latest protectionist move, the provincial government of Argentina’s capital, Buenos Aires, last week announced a 3% gross income tax  (link in Spanish) on all foreign companies that run online subscription services. Although no companies were named in the new rule, local press have dubbed the measure “the Netflix tax”—and in the process fanned the flames of national politics.
According to Article 1 of the  two-page resolution 593  (link in Spanish), written by the city’s revenue service, the tax, effective Nov. 1, would apply to all services that “access movies, TV and other audiovisual entertainment that are transmitted over the Internet to TV sets, computers and other devices connected to the Internet.” Netflix, Spotify, Amazon Instant Video, among others, are likely targets.
Critics denounced  (link in Spanish) the move, fearing a hike in subscription fees. For its part, Spotify said its fees won’t  (link in Spanish) change.
The conservative head of the province of Buenos Aires, traditionally Argentina’s most powerful political post after the presidency, is defending the move. Former businessman Mauricio Macri, who leads the right-wing Propuesta Republicana (Republican Proposal) party, has said  (link in Spanish) that the ‘Netflix tax’ levels the playing field for local and foreign websites. Widely expected to run in next year’s presidential election, Macri has for years criticized Argentina’s president Cristina Kirchner for expanding the country’s welfare state at taxpayers’ expense.
Kirchner, a self-proclaimed Netflix fan  (link in Spanish), says the tax is “unfair” and possibly politically motivated. That may be. Two lawmakers from Kirchner’s Frente para la Victoria (Front for Victory) party say the law  (link in Spanish) is meant to favor the country’s largest media conglomerate, Grupo Clarín, which has clashed with Kirchner throughout her presidency. Grupo Clarín’s CEO Héctor Magnetto is Macri’s highest-profile supporter.
Whatever the motivation for the new law, Netflix, Amazon and others will have to reassess the profitability of operating in Argentina.
 

Don t crowd the Street during mega divestments  govt tells i-bankersSamie Modak |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:58 AM IST
Govt nudges bankers to skip big private issues for a while
Move aimed at avoiding crowding of public issues during the Centre's mega disinvestments in coming months
The central government has informally asked investment bankers brought in to manage share sales to abstain from taking big private-sector mandates in the coming months.
This is to avoid a glut of new paper at a time when the government wants to dilute its holding in select state-run enterprises. The Centre is aiming to raise about Rs 40,000 crore by divesting holdings in public-sector undertakings. On the list are Steel Authority of India (SAIL), Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), Coal India Ltd and NHPC.
The bulk of the disinvestments were planned during October and November and the department of disinvestment (DoD) wanted to avoid any other big share sale during that period, to ensure smooth sailing, two people with knowledge of the matter said. “The amount the government is planning to raise is unprecedented and bankers have been asked not to crowd the market,” said a source.
Most investment bankers working with the government on the disinvestment programme didn’t want to comment, given the ‘sensitivity’ of the issue.
A DoD official denied having asked bankers not to take private-sector mandates but admitted to have told them to ensure no “clutter”. “We will ensure the issues don’t get cluttered. We have appointed bankers, whose job will be to advise us,” said a senior official in the department.
Experts say market conditions are currently conducive for big share sales. However, the issues have to be properly spaced to ensure healthy participation from institutional investors.
Although there are no big initial public offerings in the immediate pipeline, there have been continuous share sales by listed companies, through qualified institutional placements (QIPs) and block trades, thanks to the market’s buoyancy.
India’s benchmark indices have gained nearly 30 per cent so far in 2014, the highest among major global markets. Equity capital raising of at least Rs 50,000 crore, predominately through QIPs and block trades, has taken place this year. On an average, a little over Rs 6,000 crore has been mobilised every month through equity issuances in listed companies, data from Bloomberg show.
The government is likely to begin the 2014-15 disinvestment programme, where it aims to raise Rs 43,000 crore, by selling five per cent in SAIL later this month.
This could be followed by disinvestments in ONGC and then Coal India, where it could raise about Rs 15,000 crore and Rs 20,000 crore, respectively.
If all these go through in October, considered a good month for institutional flows, it will be a record for fund raising.
Most of the leading investment banking firms are working on share sales of SAIL and ONGC.
Incidentally, in 2011, four investment bankers had come under fire from the government for taking up the mandate for the Tata Steel follow-on public offering (FPO) after being selected to manage the SAIL offering. The timing of both had coincided.
Interestingly, Tata Steel had successfully managed to raise Rs 3,500 crore through its FPO, while SAIL’s planned Rs 8,000 crore offering failed to hit the market.
 Advertisements

New F&O entrants extend gain; Motherson Sumi rallies 10%SI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 03:19 PM IST
New F&O entrants extend gain; Motherson Sumi rallies 10%
Eicher Motors, TVS Motor Company, MindTree and SKS Microfinance are up 2-6% on National Stock Exchange.
Share prices of all five new entrants to the future and options (F&O) segment are trading higher by up to 10%, extending their previous day’s rally, in otherwise weak market.
Motherson Sumi Systems, Eicher Motors, TVS Motor Company, MindTree and SKS Microfinance are up 2-10% on the National Stock Exchange (NSE) even as the Nifty traded 0.5% lower.
On Monday, September 8, the NSE through a circular said that F&O contracts on these stocks would be available starting September 10, 2014. Addition to the F&O segment increases trader interest and boost liquidity in a stock.
Among the individual stocks, Motherson Sumi Systems has rallied 10% to Rs 443 on NSE. The stock opened at Rs 404 and touched a new high of Rs 444 on NSE. A combined 7.54 million shares representing nearly 1% stake of total equity of the company changed hands till 1500 hours. An average sub one million shares were traded daily in past two weeks on NSE and BSE.
In past three trading sessions, shares of auto parts and equipment maker has surged 15% from Rs 385 on September 8, compared to 1% decline in the benchmark index.
The open interest position in the futures segment of Motherson Sumi Systems has nearly doubled today. The open interest position for Motherson Sum futures rose to 2.39 million shares on September 10 — it was 1.14 million shares on September 9. This translates into a 92% growth.
Among the other stocks – Eicher Motors has rallied 6% to Rs 11,718, also its record high on NSE, followed by SKS Microfinance (4% at Rs 342), TVS Motor Company (up 3% at Rs 231) and MindTree (2% at Rs 1,167).
 

Kalpena Plastik appoints Kali Charan Sharma as CFOSep 11, 2014, 09.18 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kalpena Plastik appoints Kali Charan Sharma as CFO
Kalpena Plastiks has informed that in compliance with Clause 49 of the Listing Agreement and in compliance with Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Kali Charan Sharma has been appointed as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) the Company with effect from September 01, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kalpena Plastik appoints Kali Charan Sharma as CFO
Kalpena Plastiks has informed that in compliance with Clause 49 of the Listing Agreement and in compliance with Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Kali Charan Sharma has been appointed as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) the Company with effect from September 01, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Kalpena Plastiks Ltd has informed BSE that in compliance with Clause 49 of the Listing Agreement and in compliance with Section 203 of the Companies Act, 2013, Mr. Kali Charan Sharma has been appointed as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) the Company with effect from September 01, 2014.Source : BSE

Welcome to the post-word worldBy Caitlin Dewey September 10 Follow @caitlindewey
(Apple)
By all accounts, I should be communicating the following string of thoughts via emoji. Or pokes. Or Yos.
But in the absence of those trendier communications technologies, I’ll have to spell this out the old-fashioned way: Words are soo 2013.
Apple declared it — in an appropriately non-verbal way — with the release of its smartwatch Tuesday, which will, among other things, allow users to communicate through “taps” and “sketches.” You can respond to messages with gigantic, animated smilies. You can even (in a vaguely unsettling, dystopian feature that Apple has billed as “intimate”) share your heartbeat with another user through the watch. “Sharing your heartbeat … is the new sexting,” Mashable promptly declared .
Apple put it more bluntly : “You don’t even have to use words.”
Increasingly, that’s true in a lot of different contexts. Online, we have long indicated approval with “likes” and “favorites,” not actual comments. (The gesture is so vague that innumerable guides have been devoted to its interpretation.) Apps like Yo, the $10-million start-up that does virtually nothing besides send one-syllable shout-outs to your friends, are angling to replace everything from casual “hellos” to news alerts . And we needn’t even get into emoji, the beloved pictographs that have been dubbed the world’s “first truly global language” – and which, in a much-hyped development, acquired their very own social network just two weeks ago. (Its tagline: “No words. No spam. Just emoji.”)
But of all of these companies, of course, Apple is the great tech culture tastemaker. And so when it declared words passe, that carried some weight.
“I watched the Apple event and was struck by the ‘post-linguistic’ nature of the communications Apple is now pushing,” said Ben Zimmer, a prominent linguist and language commentator. “It’s a canny direction for Apple to be heading, in large part because these visual cues are independent of any particular language and thus can work well in any market in the world.”
Universality is certainly a factor here: The idea that pictographs and other wordless forms of communication can transcend/preempt language is what people have been saying about emoji for years. And for Apple, a company that makes 59 percent of its sales outside the United States , transcending local language is pretty key.
But the simultaneous rise of the Apple Watch, and emoji, and all their other wordless ilk, would seem to suggest something else, as well — an emerging cultural preference for non-linguistic communication. An exhaustion, so to speak, with the written word.
After all, the psychological appeal of non-textual communication, as the computational linguist Richard Sproat explained to WNYC in February , is that it’s faster, easier, less cognitively trying. You do not need to look at the word “dog,” and process the letters, and conjure up a mental image of your favorite canine. Instead, you see a dog, and you think a dog. Likewise, you needn’t actually consider or read or write a message to your friend — you can merely tap your smartwatch, and just like that, she knows you’re thinking (“thinking”?) of her. The entire process, all two seconds of it, requires neither thought nor friction; it’s the perfect medium, in other words, for a generation that thrives on texts and tweets and instant gratification.
Incidentally, that’s the exact way Apple has marketed its smartwatch: “With Apple Watch, every exchange is less about reading words on a screen,” the company promises, “And more about making a genuine connection.”
That said, there’s no replacing the written word — several enterprising souls have tried, with  limited success . Every wordless language reaches a point, Sproat told WNYC, where ideas become too complicated or abstract to express.
That is, of course, the very reason people developed written language in the first place. And as Zimmer points out, there are plenty of parallels to draw between the early adopting smartphone-watch wearer … and primitive man.
“It’s not only ‘post-linguistic’ but ‘pre-linguistic’ as well, harking back to the pictorial systems that gave rise to early writing like Sumerian cuneiform and Egyptian hieroglyphics,” he said, of our increasingly visual messaging. “Surely semioticians will have a field day analyzing these emergent communications channels.”
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410380058/1410380058000/1410380058 tracking: {authors=Caitlin Dewey, blog_name=the-intersect, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=do-we-even-need-words-anymore, post_id=2964, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 8:14:18 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 8:14:18 PM

| Rupee Closes at 60.92RBI to Issue Rs 10 Notes in Mahatma Gandhi Series Soon
Mumbai:
The rupee marginally snapped a two-day losing streak on Thursday after a largely volatile trading session during which the local unit closely mirrored the domestic share market ahead of key data points due later in the week.
Shares fell for a third consecutive session to their lowest in nearly two weeks as three state-run companies, including Oil and Natural Gas Corp, slumped after the government said it would pare its holdings in them.
Caution is expected to prevail ahead of consumer inflation data due on Friday, which comes ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review on September 30. India is also due to report trade numbers this week.
"EMs (emerging markets) have been under pressure for past three days. In the morning, there was some respite as FIIs (foreign institutional investors) and some corporates sold dollar, but, renewed pressure on EM currencies later in the day impacted the rupee as well," said Paresh Nayar, head of forex and fixed income at First Rand Bank.
"CPI is due tomorrow and hopefully the pressure on EM currencies will ease soon. I still feel that 61.20-25 should be a good resistance for USD/INR," he added.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.9250/9350 per dollar, marginally stronger than its Wednesday's close of 60.94/95.
The small gain has also been due to some consolidation after the unit fell 1.1 per cent over Tuesday and Wednesday, marking its biggest two-day loss since declining 1.8 per cent from July 31 to Aug. 1.
Traders are also looking ahead at the Federal Reserve's monetary policy meet next week. A hawkish policy statement will impact emerging markets given that the Fed's easy monetary stance has sparked large foreign inflows into these countries.
In India, overseas funds have bought a net $32.60 billion worth of debt and shares so far this year.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.27 while the three-month contract was at 61.87.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sensex Ends Below 27 000 After 3rd Straight FallYou are here: Home Market
Sensex Ends Below 27,000 After Third Straight Fall
Reuters | Updated On: September 11, 2014 17:14 (IST)
Maruti Suzuki Gains on Hopes of Double-Digit Car Sales
Mumbai:
The BSE Sensex and the Nifty fell for a third consecutive session on Thursday to their lowest in nearly two weeks as three state-run companies, including Oil and Natural Gas Corp, slumped after the government said it would pare its stakes in them.
Shares also tracked lower Asian markets after U.S. President Barack Obama vowed to fight Islamic State militants, while continued worries about earlier-than-expected U.S. interest rate hikes also weighed.
Overseas investors, who have been the backbone of the Indian stock market rally this year, sold local shares worth Rs 9.9 crore on Wednesday, snapping seven straight sessions of buying, according to exchange and regulatory data.
Investors are expected to focus on August consumer price index data due on Friday, which is expected to have risen 7.80 per cent from a year earlier compared with 7.96 per cent in July, according to a Reuters poll of analysts.
"There is a general cautious sentiment in the market as stocks have ran up significantly. But overall optimism is still there. We advise clients to be in the market with good quality stocks," said Daljeet S Kohli, head of research at brokerage IndiaNivesh.
The benchmark BSE Sensex closed 0.23 per cent lower at 26,995.87. It has fallen 1.2 per cent over the three sessions to Thursday after hitting a record high on Monday.
The broader Nifty closed 0.1 per cent lower at 8,085.70.
The three state-run companies in which the government said it would sell stakes led losses. ONGC fell 3.6 per cent, Coal India dropped 3.5 per cent and NHPC declined 5.1 per cent.
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries fell 4.3 per cent on media reports of an inspection by the U.S. drug regulator on its Halol plant in Gujarat. A company spokesman declined to comment.
However, losses were limited as financial services stocks gained with IDFC closing 3.6 per cent higher after the infrastructure lender launched an institutional share sale on Wednesday, which traders said got overwhelming support.
Infrastructure stocks gained after two days of falls, with Larsen & Toubro closing 0.6 per cent higher.
 

Europes peach growers hit by sanctionsAugust 13, 2014 2:14 pm
Europe’s peach growers feel pain of Russian sanctions
By Christian Oliver in Brussels, Ian Mount in Barcelona and Kerin Hope in Athens
©AFP
Josep Presseguer had already dispatched 350 tonnes of peaches and nectarines on the road to Russia when the Kremlin announced its sanctions on EU food last week.
The chief executive of Fruits de Ponent said he had to summon his two dozen trucks back to headquarters in the Catalan town of Alcarràs, where he is now under pressure to find new buyers before his fruit rots into compost.
More
Ireland in talks to refinance IMF loans
“That’s the question of the age: what happens with the fruit?” Mr Presseguer asks. “It’s going to cause a huge stock problem. We’d have to sell a lot of fruit at a very low price.”
Moscow’s embargo in response to last month’s sanctions by the EU and US has compounded problems for Mediterranean peach farmers who were already on their knees, suffering from a supply glut caused by unusual weather conditions. Mr Presseguer, who sends 25 per cent of his produce to Russia, was unambiguous about the possible impact: “It could be a disaster,” he said starkly.
Although 10 per cent of EU food exports traditionally head to Russia, officials in Brussels are increasingly confident that the agonies of the stoned-fruit sector will be an anomaly in the latest trade war between Brussels and Moscow. With some assistance, other EU farmers will ride out the storm and find new markets, they argue.
Much of the cautious optimism in Brussels is based on the case of pork – one of Europe’s leading food exports to Russia. Pig meat exports to Russia have been banned since the beginning of the year, with Moscow citing fears about swine flu, but European producers have been able to switch shipments to Asia, particularly South Korea and the Philippines.
Westfleisch, a meat marketing company owned by a co-operative of roughly 4,000 pork and beef farmers, located mainly in northwest Germany, said the embargo was “painful for German producers but not a disaster”. It responded to the ban by increasing sales in Europe.
As the biggest meat exporter to Russia, Germany has struck a defiant tone. Christian Schmidt, agriculture minister, said the effects of Russia’s embargo would be “visible” but that he had “no fears of these sanctions causing market upheavals”.
The EU last year exported €11.9bn of farm goods to Russia , but Brussels calculates that only €5.3bn of these would have been affected by the ban. Meat accounted for €1.2bn of exports, with a fifth coming from Germany.
However, meat has limitations as a blueprint for diversification – it can be frozen and slaughtering can be delayed. The Netherlands and Finland are more vulnerable in the dairy sector, where they had exports to Russia of €257m and €253m respectively last year.
In terms of overall national exposure to the Russian measures, the hardest-hit countries, in relation to their value of exports, will be Lithuania and Poland. Last year, Lithuania exported €927m of products that would have been hit by this year’s ban; Poland exported €841m.
Poland has been badly hit by a ban on its fruit exports to Russia (worth €340m last year) and Poles have launched a campaign to boost domestic consumption called “ Eat an apple to spite Putin ”.
©Reuters
Poland and Finland are seeking EU compensation for any losses. EU officials admit that eastern European countries may have more logistical problems in diversifying than western ones, but add that it is too early to discuss emergency funds when the quest for new markets has only just begun.
Still, farm experts from all 28 EU states will meet in Brussels on Thursday and will discuss how they may ultimately be able to deploy crisis reserves of €420m to help producers.
The EU has vowed it will not retaliate against Russia with tit-for-tat measures but has said that it will, officially, ask countries such as Brazil, Chile and Turkey not to fill the gap left by European exports to Russia. In private, officials are not worried if major countries do shift their exports to Russia, as any shake-up in trade routes will create new markets for EU exporters.
The EU announced steps to offer some financial support to peach and nectarine farmers this week. In 2013, Spain was the main exporter of stoned fruit to Russia, selling €75m-worth. Greece sold €49m-worth.
But the EU’s support measures were of little consolation to Costas Tamvakaris, who spent Tuesday morning with his family picking peaches in their orchard in Naoussa, a village in northern Greece.
“It’s a catastrophe . . . We’re at the peak of the harvest and the cold-storage warehouse is overflowing with fruit that we can’t sell,” said Mr Tamvakaris, who is president of the local fruit-growers’ co-operative.
His crop normally sells at premium prices in supermarkets in Moscow and St Petersburg “but now it is almost certainly heading for the dump”, he complained.
Additional reporting by Stefan Wagstyl
Related Topics

First Read Minute: About Last Night
Sebi clarifies on anchor investor  preferential issue normsBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 06:18 PM IST
Sebi clarifies on anchor investor, preferential issue norms
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) clarified on Thursday on regulations governing higher allocations to anchor investors and the pricing of preferential issues. It said that higher allocation would be applicable to companies who filed their offer documents on or after the change was notified.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) clarified on Thursday on regulations governing higher allocations to anchor investors and the pricing of preferential issues. It said that higher allocation would be applicable to companies who filed their offer documents on or after the change was notified.
Preferential issues changes would be applicable to companies who sent a notice for shareholder meeting to decide on the preferential issue on or after August 25. Sebi had decided on the changed in June.
 Advertisements

Glass makers in Gujarat cry foul as GAIL to cut gas suppliesGlass makers in Gujarat cry foul as GAIL to cut gas supplies
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Sept 11:  
A latest decision by the gas distributor, GAIL of curtailing gas supplies to manufacturing units in South Gujarat is feared to leave many glass and ceramics units non-functional and render thousands jobless.
Following revised guidelines by the Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB), GAIL has been authorized to divert domestic gas from non-priority sector to meet the requirement of compressed natural gas (CNG) and piped natural gas (PNG) segments as per their actual consumption.
Considering the PNGRB guideline issued on August 20, GAIL has decided to cut domestic gas (administered price mechanism gas) supplies by 58 per cent to over 30 glass makers beginning September 16.
“The decision would force companies to depend on either imported RLNG or furnace oil which are almost four times costlier than the APM Gas. This will lead to losses for the companies,” said Ashok Jain, vice-president, South Gujarat Small Gas Consumers' Association (SGSGCA). Total gas allocation to these companies is about 0.6 million metric standard cubic meters per day (MMSCMD), which will be reduced to 0.35 MMSCMD.
Companies that will be affected with reduction in gas supplies include Pragati Glass, Piramal Glass, Haldyn Glass, Gujarat Borosil Ltd, Schott Glass and Belgium Ceramics among others.
“We will fight against the decision and if it yields nothing, will stop production,” said Jain, who is the director of Gujarat Borosil Ltd, which manufactures low iron textured solar glass for photovoltaic panels in solar projects. With an annual turnover of Rs 133 crore, Gujarat Borosil is the only producer of solar glass in India and any reduction in its production would adversely affect Centre’s National Solar Mission, claimed Jain.
With stoppage in production at these companies, about 100,000 people will lose their jobs, while economic loss will be huge. The companies put together have an annual turnover of Rs 5,000 to Rs 6,000 crore. The sector figures among the last in priority list for APM gas distribution.
“GAIL is seeking to implement a major cut in gas supply to these consumers which shows absolutely no concern for industry. This runs counter to the target “Make in India – Made in India” boldly announced by the newly installed Government at the Centre under the leadership of Hon’ble Shri Narendra Modi who has taken the goal of making India a manufacturing hub in Asia,” an SGSGCA statement said.
SGSGCA termed the proposed action of GAIL and the directions of PNGRB ill-conceived, arbitrary and unjustified and ignoring the fact that these small gas consumers have set up their factories in isolated and small rural areas based on availability of gas.
 

Markets end lower dragged by Sun Pharma sharesTulemino Antao |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 03:53 PM IST
Markets end lower dragged by Sun Pharma shares
Markets extended losses for the third straight session amid sell-off in Sun Pharma shares
Markets extended losses for the third straight day led by a sell-off in Sun Pharma shares while selling by foreign funds also weighed on market sentiment.
The 30-share Sensex ended down 62 points at 26,996 and the 50-share Nifty ended down 8 points at 8,086.
The government will release the CPI data for August 2014 and the industrial production data for the month of July tomorrow.
However, the broader markets outperformed the benchmark indices. The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices ended up 1-1.4% each.
Meanwhile, Foreign portfolio investors sold shares worth Rs 9.91 crore in the cash segment and equity futures worth Rs 1,587 crore on Wednesday, as per the provisional exchange data.
The rupee was trading higher at 60.77 compared with Wednesday's close of 60.94.
Asian markets ended mixed with Nikkei and Straits ending higher. Japan's Nikkei share average rose to an eight-month high on Thursday after the weak yen lifted sentiment and a meeting between the central bank governor and prime minister raised expectations of additional easing in the long-term. The Nikkei climbed 0.8% to end at 15,909.20, the highest closing level since Jan 10. The broader Topix hit a six-year high, rising 0.3% to 1,311.24. Singapore's Straits Times ended up 0.3% while Shanghai Composite and Hang Seng ended down 0.2-0.3% each.
The BSE Healthcare index was the top sectoral loser down 1.8% followed Metal and Oil & Gas indices. BSE Bankex, Auto, Capital Goods and FMCG indices ended up 0.3-6% each.
Sun Pharmaceuticals was the top Sensex loser which ended over 4% down on reports that the company’s manufacturing facility in Halol (Gujarat) is undergoing a surprise inspection by the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA). Cipla and Dr Reddy's Labs ended down 0.7-0.9% each.
The Union Cabinet on Wednesday cleared a dilution of the government's stake in Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), Coal India Ltd (CIL) and NHPC Ltd. At current market valuations, the amount of its holdings the Centre wants to offload in these companies could fetch it as much as Rs 45,796 crore - more than the Budget target of raising Rs 39,925 crore through disinvestment in public-sector undertakings. Coal India and ONGC ended 3.5% lower. NHPC ended down 4.9%.
Other Sensex losers include, Wipro, HDFC Bank, TCS, Tata Motors, ICICI Bank and M&M among others.
Hero MotoCorp recovered on buying at lower levels to end 1.5% higher.
Capital goods shares were up ahead of July IIP data. L&T and BHEL ended up 0.6-1.6% higher.
Other gainers include, SBI, Infosys, HDFC, Reliance Ind and HUL among others.
Among other shares, Bharat Electronics has surged 3% to Rs 2,112 after Motilal Oswal initiated 'buy' rating on the stock and a target of Rs 2,600.
Shares of fertilisers companies ended higher on talk that the centre in planning to bring out a new fertiliser policy for the country. GSFC, GNFC, Chambal Fertilisers, RCF, FACT, National Fertilizers, SPIC and Zuari Agro Chemicals ended up 4-20%.
IDFC ended 3.5% higher after the company plans to raise Rs 2,000 crore from share sale to institutional investors. The floor price has been fixed at Rs 143.70 a share.
Shares of small-sized companies surged hitting nearly four-year high today rising over 100% from its 52-week low.
Among the stocks in this index, Gati, Ceat, Avanti Feeds, Ahluwalia Contracts, LG Balakrishnan and Brothers, Marksans Pharma, Global Offshore Services, Sona Koyo Steering Systems, Kitex Garments and CCL International have rallied more than 500% during this period.
Market breadth was strong with 2,017 gainers and 1,052 losers on the BSE.
 Advertisements

Redskins LB Orakpo eager to show pass-rush skills  scheme permittingRedskins’ Brian Orakpo eager to get pass rush going
By Liz Clarke
Comments
Brian Orakpo (98) brings down Arian Foster during last Sunday’s game against the Texans. (AP)
For a 6-foot-4, 257-pound defensive end with an $11.45 million salary, three-time Pro Bowl linebacker Brian Orkapo had what might be called a quiet season opener, getting four tackles but no quarterback hits in Washington’s 17-6 loss at Houston.
Orakpo pointed to the defensive scheme that was called against the Texans, which simply didn’t present many opportunities to rush quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick. And as he looks to Sunday’s home opener against Jacksonville, he says he’s hoping for more pass-rushing opportunities.
“I’m looking forward to this week to hopefully have a game plan and hopefully have a scheme where we can really take advantage of our outside guys,” Orakpo said this week.
Asked about a perception that he hasn’t yet brought his “A” game to the field, Orakpo, who is playing this season under a franchise tag rather than a long-term deal: “That’s the public perception. Everybody in the league knows what I’m all about. I’m just such an unselfish player that I really don’t care what the public perceives me to be. Whatever [play] is called, I’m gonna do it. I’m not going to complain; I’m not going to bitch. I’m just going to go out there and do the best I can, to the best of my ability, whatever the formation.
“It was just a situation [against Houston] where the way they were lined up, it kind of put our edge-guys in a bind and playing little more coverage than usual. Hopefully it’ll change as the season progresses.”
Jason Hatcher registered Washington’s only sack against the Texans. On the whole, the defense acquitted itself well, holding the Texans to 10 points and surrendering only one big play. With the offense turning the ball over twice in the red zone, and special teams giving up a punt that was blocked and returned for a touchdown, all three units had a hand in the defeat.
Orakpo was limited in practice Wednesday by a mild ankle sprain but said that wasn’t a factor in his play against Houston and wouldn’t be an issue against Jacksonville.
Though the Redskins and Jaguars combined for just seven victories last season and are both off to an 0-1 start, Orakpo predicted a hotly contested battle at FedEx Field.
“Us and the Jaguars – we do not want to end up 0-2, so it’s going to be very good game,” Orakpo said. “The Jaguars were on all points, on all cylinders – moving the ball and scoring at will [last week] against the Eagles, and the Eagles are a very good team. We know it’s going to be challenge. It’s not the same old Jaguars that everybody is accustomed to seeing. It’s a very talented squad. Has some similarities to the Seahawks’ defense with the new coach. So it’s going to be a challenge for us on both sides of the ball.”
 

SpiceJet s AGM on Sept 24  2014Sep 11, 2014, 09.18 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SpiceJet's AGM on Sept 24, 2014
Spicejet has informed that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 24, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SpiceJet's AGM on Sept 24, 2014
Spicejet has informed that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 24, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Spicejet Ltd has informed BSE that the 30th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 24, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Chandy taken down a pegBusiness Standard |  New Delhi Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 09:04 PM IST
Chandy taken down a peg
Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy claims that there are no dissenting voices within the Congress party to his decision to impose prohibition in the state. Perhaps, he doesn't engage with the social media because the irrepressible MP from Thiruvanthapuram Shashi Tharoor, has been acidly critical of the decision in tweets and blogs. "Classic cartoon to gladden the hearts of all Kerala prohibitionists!" he tweeted about a cartoon showing a wife snatching away the last bottle of whisky to save for
Kerala Chief Minister Oommen Chandy claims that there are no dissenting voices within the Congress party to his decision to impose prohibition in the state. Perhaps, he doesn't engage with the social media because the irrepressible MP from Thiruvanthapuram Shashi Tharoor, has been acidly critical of the decision in tweets and blogs. "Classic cartoon to gladden the hearts of all Kerala prohibitionists!" he tweeted about a cartoon showing a wife snatching away the last bottle of whisky to save for the husband's funeral. In another tweet he said, "Self-inflicted wounds: @KeralaTourism staring at disaster as new liquor policy kicks in."
 Advertisements

UK hits at transatlantic trade criticsSeptember 1, 2014 2:28 pm
UK hits back at transatlantic trade critics
By Shawn Donnan and Brian Groom
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29f1f7f2-31d3-11e4-b377-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Braves announcers call Nats Park Walgreens Stadium  complain about their viewBy Dan Steinberg September 11 at 11:50 AM Follow @dcsportsbog
(Via Fox Sports South)
Visiting broadcasters love to talk about the drawbacks of Nats Park’s elevated broadcast perch.
Now, it’s really, really high. There’s no denying that. But visiting broadcasters sure love to talk about.
After Fox’s three-man crew had fun with the topic earlier this year , Fox Sports South’s Chip Caray and Joe Simpson brought it up on Wednesday.
This happened just after the seventh-inning stretch, when the Nats were loudly playing their new seventh-inning stretch music . Here’s the dialog.
Simpson: I love it. The seventh-inning stretch song after they sing ‘Take Me Out to the Ballgame’ is Garth Brooks, ‘I Got Friends in Low Places,’ and this place rocks out. Love it.
Caray: Yeah. They’ve got a great atmosphere here. They do a nice job. Of course, we really can’t tell if those are people down there, because we’re six miles up at the top of the stadium roof. But it sure sounds like they’re having fun.
Simpson: Yeah, the sound from the seventh-inning stretch will actually get to us around the middle of the eighth…. [The camera then showed Caray and Simpson.] There we are. High atop Walgreens Stadium — I’m sorry, Nationals Stadium.
Caray: Maybe that’s why Charlie Slowes is so confused on the Nationals radio side when they celebrate a win here. He says Bang Zoom go the fireworks, maybe because he’s so far away from the field — and the fireworks themselves — that he hears the sounds out of order.
Simpson: Could be.
Caray: Because shouldn’t it be Zoom Bang go the fireworks?
Simpson: Uh huh.
Caray: Just asking.
Simpson: Well this is a good example of if the Braves win a game, get ahead and win a game, we could talk some serious smack. We could break it out. We’ve been storing it up for a while.
Caray: There’s no doubt.
(Yes, they were having fun and joking around and whatever. So go ahead and take offense or not, at your discretion.)

New regime for research analysts: A PrimerSachin P Mampatta |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 10:46 PM IST
BS Primer Sebi's new regime for research analysts
Sebi has sought to regulate analysts for the first time and attempt to address issues including eligibility, transparency and conflicts of interest
The Securities and Exchange Board of India notified the Research Analysts Regulations earlier in the month. The regulations have sought to regulate analysts for the first time and attempt to address issues including eligibility, transparency and conflict of interest. The following are some key changes under the new framework:
Eligibility:
The basic eligibility criteria require a professional qualification, or post-graduate degree or diploma in finance or related fields. A graduate is also eligible to act as a research analyst, provided he has five years of experience in the financial markets. A certification will also be required.
Capital adequacy:
Sebi has put in place a networth requirement of between Rs 1 lakh and Rs 25 lakh, depending on whether the analyst is acting as an individual or a corporate entity or partnership.
Avoiding conflicts of interest:
Research analysts are not allowed to trade in the securities that they follow. The trading restriction is applicable 30 days before and five days after the publication of the research report. Also trades cannot be contrary to the recommendations of the report. They cannot provide analysis on securities that they are involved in bringing to the market for a fixed number of days after the pricing of the issue.
Compensation of research analysts:
Analysts cannot be paid on the basis of investment banking deals or brokerage transactions. Their compensation is to be reviewed by the board of directors of the research entity or through a separate committee appointed by this board. Investment banking and brokerage divisions cannot be represented on this committee. Research analysts should not report to employees of the investment banking and brokerage divisions.
Disclosures:
Research analysts must disclose financial interest in the company whether it is of the analyst, his relatives, or the entity for which he works. Any compensation received from the subject company in the past twelve months must also be disclosed.
Foreign research:
Entities based abroad can only provide research in India through a registered intermediary.
Proxy advisory firms:
Proxy advisory firms, which do not provide buy and sell recommendations, are also required to register with the regulator. These companies provide advice on governance issues and company resolutions. They will also be subject to net-worth requirements and provide reasoning for their reports, as well as disclose policies on getting responses from companies named in their reports.
 Advertisements

Taylor Gourmets autumn menu readies us for sweater seasonBy Maura Judkis September 10 Follow @MauraJudkis
Pumpkin spice lattes aren't the only harbingers of fall weather. It's also Put Apples/Cranberries/Squash on Everything Season, and Taylor Gourmet's new fall menu, which launched Wednesday, has taken the lead in the race to use all of the autumnal ingredients at once. We tried a few of the sandwich shop's newest offerings, and felt like we needed to wrap ourselves in the nearest cable-knit item of clothing, stat.
Penn’s Landing: Cranberry-sage chicken salad, Granny Smith apple, brie, pecans, bacon
The Penn's Landing from Taylor Gourmet (Maura Judkis/The Washington Post)
Oh, you think you're  Mr. Autumn Man , eating this sandwich while wearing your cashmere scarf, don't you? I bet you're going apple-picking in three weeks. But seriously: Chicken salad is usually something of an afterthought, but in Taylor's hands, it's the standout of the new sandwiches we tried.
Reading Terminal: Pepper-crusted roast beef, horseradish cream, caramelized onions, provolone, hot beef au jus.
The Reading Terminal from Taylor Gourmet. (Maura Judkis/The Washington Post)
Jus! The container of warm jus that accompanies this sandwich is rich and comforting, like a tiny, flavorful hot tub for your sandwich. And for that reason, you might want to hold off on ordering this one until the temperature dips below 60 degrees.
Passyunk Avenue: Hot pastrami, cherry pepper dijonnaise, sweet provolone, lettuce, tomato, onion
The Passyunk Avenue from Taylor Gourmet. (Maura Judkis/The Washington Post)
Yes, we were all VERY skeptical of the inclusion of lettuce and tomato on this pastrami sandwich. Everyone knows the proper way to eat pastrami is with mustard, and mustard alone. But this dijonnaise is pretty good, so whatever. Just like we've gotten used to the idea of pumpkin beer in August, we'll allow it.
Logan Square: Chopped kale, roasted butternut squash, green onion, dried cranberries, toasted pecans, Granny Smith apple, gorgonzola, apple cider vinaigrette.
The Logan Square salad from Taylor Gourmet. (Maura Judkis/The Washington Post)
All I can think about when I eat this is: Should I be booking my flight home for Thanksgiving yet? Also that it's nearly time for my annual re-reading of the McSweeney's classic " It's Decorative Gourd Season, [Expletive] ." (In case you couldn't guess, the link contains expletives.) (But seriously, you should read it anyway.)
Something else to look forward to, other than all of your food being studded with dried cranberries in the weeks and months to come: Taylor will be putting three cheesesteaks back on its menus as of Oct. 1.
Maura Judkis covers culture, food, and the arts for the Weekend section and Going Out Guide.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=goingoutguide, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410384953/1410384953000/1410384953 tracking: {authors=Maura Judkis, blog_name=going-out-guide, content_category=Goingoutguide, in_url_headline=taylor-gourmets-autumn-menu-readies-us-for-sweater-season, post_id=36649, section={section=goingoutguide, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 9:35:53 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 9:35:53 PM

Chicago and wireless technology: How Apple Watch hits home0
Three competing wireless recharging technologies have emerged: the Alliance for Wireless Power Rezence platform backed by Dell, HTC, Samsung, Qualcomm, Gill Industries and others; Qi, promoted by the Wireless Power Consortium and used by Verizon, Intertek, Samsung and others; and Power Matters Alliance, a platform supported by AT&T Mobility, Broadcom, Samsung and Starbucks. Hundreds of companies are exploring their possibilities in the marketplace.
Just as consumer electronics makers once split their investments between VHS and Betamax, DVDs and BluRay, some companies are exploring two or more rival technologies while the market settles on a dominant design.
“Finding a common ground on a technology standard like this is difficult and often even takes compromises between fierce competitors,” said Molex's Atkinson. “News from large manufacturers will help move this standard along.”
Wireless-charging pioneers include Samsung, which offers wireless inductive charging in the Galaxy S5, and LG, which makes a wireless charging pad for Verizon phones.
“But Apple always draws the attention of everyone else,” said Jacob Babcock, NuCurrent’s CEO. “They're not early adopters. They don’t usually jump into a technology without vetting it completely. When Apple puts wireless tech in a product, now all other companies that want to keep up with Apple need to play ball, too.”
Marc Knez, a clinical professor of strategic management at the University of Chicago, called the Apple Watch technology “kind of a baby step into wireless charging.”
Induction charging still involves cord-to-device contact, and he said even next-generation wireless charging pads on the market still involve contact.
“Apple probably figures the next generation is contactless,” Knez said. “They’re going to be slow, and they know they can drive the market on this.”

Women Farmers  Day to attract 1 000 attendees from 10 statesUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Hyderabad: About 1,000 women farmers from ten states, including Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, are expected to attend the Women Farmers Day to be hosted by the International Crops Research Institute for Semi-Arid Tropics (ICRISAT) on Friday.
"About 30 women would be given golden awards and another 30 women silver awards as a token of recognition for their exemplary work and to encourage them to help more women farmers in their regions and motivate others to come forward and take leadership roles," city-headquartered ICRISAT said in a release.
Besides Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, women agriculturists from the states of Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Odisha, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Gujarat, and Jharkhand are likely to attend the event.
Besides Telangana and Andhra Pradesh, women agriculturists from the states of Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Odisha, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Gujarat, and Jharkhand are likely to attend the event.
Women Farmers' Day is the celebration of achievements of outstanding women farmers across the 10 states, it said. ICRISAT believes that it is important to recognise the role of women in agriculture so that they can be an important engine of growth and poverty reduction, the release said.
ICRISAT regularly conducts Farmers Days to share new technologies, best practices and information about improved varieties to benefit the farmers, it added.

6 Things I Want My Sons to Know About Depression
Sushma s Scottish reelBusiness Standard |  New Delhi Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 09:05 PM IST
Sushma's Scottish reel
Sushma Swaraj came out with flying colours at her first press conference as external affairs minister. Flanked by Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh and Minister of State V K Singh, she answered tough questions with elan. The trip-up came towards the end when a foreign correspondent asked her about India's reaction to and stance on the possible independence of Scotland that could result in the break-up of the United Kingdom (UK). The Scottish independence referendum, due on September 18, has been a
Sushma Swaraj came out with flying colours at her first press conference as external affairs minister. Flanked by Foreign Secretary Sujatha Singh and Minister of State V K Singh, she answered tough questions with elan. The trip-up came towards the end when a foreign correspondent asked her about India's reaction to and stance on the possible independence of Scotland that could result in the break-up of the United Kingdom (UK). The Scottish independence referendum, due on September 18, has been all over the news but Swaraj was clearly unaware of this development and, turning to Sujatha Singh for enlightenment, said in a shocked voice. "Break up of UK? God forbid it should not happen." After a murmured intervention by the foreign secretary, she hastily added, "It's for Scotland to decide". V K Singh, meanwhile, maintained a stern grin through this contretemps.
 Advertisements

Business groups boost EU-US trade deal© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dc92f002-3505-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt panel for relook into major port cargo handlingSep 11, 2014, 08.42 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt panel for relook into major port cargo handling
Worried that non major ports are eating into the share of 12 major ports, a government appointed panel has suggested a relook at handling of cargo at Centre-owned ports.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt panel for relook into major port cargo handling
Worried that non major ports are eating into the share of 12 major ports, a government appointed panel has suggested a relook at handling of cargo at Centre-owned ports.
Post your opinion here
 
Worried that non major ports are eating into the share of 12 major ports, a government appointed panel has suggested a relook at handling of cargo at Centre-owned ports.
"The issues around stevedoring and shore handling of cargo in major ports need to be analysed against the background of major ports continuously losing market share to the non major ports in the last few years," the Shipping Ministry panel has said.
The development comes against the backdrop of market share of major ports nosediving to 57 percent in 2013-14 from 91 percent in 1994-95.
"For several years now, non-major ports have been growing at 3-5 times the rates of the major ports," the panel has said, suggesting policy prescriptions and interventions premised on the monopoly of major ports, such as extracting a royalty/revenue share from operators may backfire in terms of loss of competitiveness and further loss of market share.
It said the the non-major ports have by and large a system of having one agency looking after all the work of landing/loading of ships and shore handling of cargo in their port which gives a more focused approach to marketing of the port.
"Such coordination and synergy has been achieved in PPP berths in major ports where the terminal operator gets to do end to end handling; landing/loading and delivery/receipt of cargo for the ships," it said.
It added that in fact only about 23 percent of the traffic of major ports in 2012-13, amounting to about 124 million tonnes, which is mostly non-mechanised, gets handled by stevedores and with 54 PPP projects awarded in the last two years, this is likely to fall even more.
A Stevedore is the name given to a port worker that transfers cargo between ship and shore.
India has about 200 non-major ports and 12 major ports - Mumbai, Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust, Kolkata (with Haldia), Chennai, Visakhapatanam, Cochin, Paradip, New Mangalore, Marmagao, Ennore, Tuticorin and Kandla.
The Narendra Modi led-government has also initiated steps aimed at "corporatising" major ports and has started the process for appointment of a world-class consultant to come out with a draft report for amendments in the relevant act.
The move is aimed at infusing professionalism in the major ports in order to make them compete with private sector ports as well empower financial autonomy.
These ports have also been asked to come up with a shelf of projects to augment their capacity to 1600 MT from the present 800 MT.
The major ports in India have between them 2.64 lakh acres of land, which is a major resource and can be understood from the fact that only Mumbai Port Trust has about 753 hectares of land with it, valued at about Rs 46,000 crore.
RELATED NEWS

Rajnath Singh caught in controversy  makes jawan tie his shoe laces
Apple Totally Botches Big Announcementreddit
Apple's live stream of its big product launch event failed repeatedly on Tuesday.
The glitch-prone broadcast -- available only on Apple's Safari browser -- flashed between scenes of the Apple presentation, at which the company announced its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, and often crashed altogether. A woman’s voice translating Apple executives’ speeches in Chinese loudly overlapped the original English-language audio. The stream also only worked in Apple’s native Safari browser.
Apple's live stream is officially a disaster. What kind of company sets a 404 header for Access Denied?!
— Pat Diven II (@micropat) September 9, 2014
All I see in my mind's eye during this Apple live-stream is a guy dripping in sweat, frantically patching cables on old-timey switchboard.
— Merkotron 5000ºC (@mattmerk) September 9, 2014
this livestream brought to you by the letters FFFFFFFFF
— Alex Fitzpatrick (@AlexJamesFitz) September 9, 2014
SO happy I learned Chinese yesterday
— samir mezrahi (@samir) September 9, 2014
Maybe the livestream keeps jumping back and forward on purpose to really drive in all the specs. #AppleLive
— Petteri Ponkkala (@Petteri1) September 9, 2014
You'd think Apple, being the richest company in the world, could afford to spend a few extra bucks to ensure a bulletproof livestream...
— Ryan McCaffrey (@DMC_Ryan) September 9, 2014
Some Twitter users figured that Apple CEO Tim Cook, who posted a rare tweet earlier in the day to drum up excitement for the event, may be able to help them in their time of live-stream desperation.
— Joseph Weisenthal (@TheStalwart) September 9, 2014
But he was busy, you know, being excited:
I'm backstage and this is my first tweet from my iPhone 6. It's amazing. You're going to love it.
— Tim Cook (@tim_cook) September 9, 2014
More:

BJP  Congress slam UK parliament s move to hold debate on KashmirUrgent aid needed. Help Now
New Delhi: BJP and Congress were on the same page on Thursday as they frowned upon a proposal in Britain's House of Commons to hold a debate on the state of human rights in Kashmir.
"British Parliament's decision to discuss Kashmir issue condemnable. Can we take up Falkland Islands or Scotland issue for discussion in our parliament?" BJP General Secretary Ram Madhav said in a post on microblogging site twitter.com. Congress spokesman Abhishek Singhvi struck a similar note, saying that, "British parliament should focus on Scotland rather than Kashmir. We are able to handle our problem." Reports from London said that the House of Commons would hold a special debate on the Kashmir issue today with the proposed move having seriously irked India.
Calling the Kashmir dispute a "threat" to regional and global peace, Liberal Democrat British MP David Ward informed the Backbench Business Committee that the new Indian government has been "quite aggressive in terms of its stance towards Kashmir" which was "opening up a whole new area of uncertainty".
"British Parliament's decision to discuss Kashmir issue condemnable. Can we take up Falkland Islands or Scotland issue for discussion in our parliament?" BJP General Secretary Ram Madhav said.
Ward secured a 'General debate on political and humanitarian situation in Kashmir' as part of the regular Backbench Business Committee application process in the House of Commons. Ward represents Bradford East in the House of Commons. Bradford city has the biggest Pakistani-origin population in Britain.
Deputy High Commissioner for India in the UK, Dr Virander Paul, had recently said, "From time to time, we find that there are certain tendencies in certain sections of the society, which are not in the interest of our strong relations. We need to watch out and be mindful of any such efforts."

IFC lends $50 million to Continuum Wind EnergyBS Reporter |  Pune Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:28 AM IST
IFC provides $50 million to 170-Mw project of Continuum Wind Energy
The financing will be used to construct a 170 megawatt wind power plant in Madhya Pradesh
IFC, a member of the World Bank Group, today announced that it will lend $50 million to two wholly-owned subsidiaries of Continuum Wind Energy (India) to expand access to clean energy, and help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. IFC also helped mobilise a loan of $100 million for the project from YES Bank.
The financing will be used to construct a 170 megawatt wind power plant in Madhya Pradesh. The subsidiaries - D. J. Energy Private Limited and Uttar Urja Projects Energy Private Limited - will develop the project. The project will annually generate 330 gigawatt hours of clean power to reach 300,000 people. The project will help avoid nearly 270,000 tons of carbon dioxide emissions per year.
“We are delighted to receive support from IFC and YES Bank for our project. IFC’s long-tenor financing, global renewable-energy expertise and validation of our project will go a long way in contributing to the growth of Continuum,”  said Arvind Bansal, CEO & Founder, Continuum Wind.
An estimated 300 million people, around one-fourth of India’s population, lack access to electricity. The country suffers from power shortages with peak hour gaps varying between 9 to 13 per cent. The government of India’s National Action Plan on Climate Change has set a target of generating 15 per cent of power from renewable energy sources by 2020.
In India, IFC has a committed portfolio of about $340 million in renewable energy projects. Serge Devieux, Regional Director for South Asia, IFC, explained how this investment fits into IFC’s goals in India.
“By supporting this wind project, IFC will help expand access to clean power for many. IFC’s investment in renewable energy in India will balance the country’s energy mix, and improve its energy security,” he said.
Continuum Wind, with the support of Morgan Stanley Infrastructure Partners, a global infrastructure investment fund, has achieved an aggregate operating capacity of about 150 MW, with 260 MW under construction and about 580 MW in development.
 Advertisements

NHL announces Nats Park as 2015 Winter Classic venueBy Alex Prewitt September 10 Follow @alex_prewitt
The 2011 Winter Classic at Heinz Field featured a victorious Capitals team, and soon they will host the 2015 installment at Nats Park. (Jonathan Newton/Washington Post)
The National Hockey League announced Wednesday that the 2015 Winter Classic between the Capitals and Chicago Blackhawks will be hosted at Nationals Park, confirming an earlier report that the deal had been finalized .
The location of the annual outdoor event, scheduled for Jan. 1 at 1 p.m., had remained in limbo for months, though the 41,546-seat ballpark in Southeast D.C. had always remained the overwhelming favorite, with the final negotiating hurdles eventually cleared last week by the Nationals and the NHL.
“The Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic has made New Year’s Day a highlight of the season for NHL fans everywhere,” NHL commissioner Gary Bettman said in a statement. “Nationals Park provides an ideal setting for all the excitement, entertainment and fun as the Blackhawks and Capitals bring our outdoor tradition to historic Washington, D.C.”
The Capitals also plan to unveil their throwback Winter Classic sweaters on Sept. 23 at an event at Nationals Park. Bettman, team owner Ted Leonsis, Nationals owner Mark Lerner, Capitals general manager Brian MacLellan, Blackhawks president and CEO John McDonough, Capitals captain Alex Ovechkin, center Nicklas Backstrom and goalie Braden Holtby are scheduled to attend and address the media.
“We are thrilled the 2015 Bridgestone NHL Winter Classic will be played at Nationals Park as we welcome the Chicago Blackhawks and their fans to our nation’s capital,”  Leonsis said in the news release. “We are delighted the D.C. area and our great fan base will have an opportunity to experience the Winter Classic, and we know that Nationals Park will provide an incredible backdrop for the game.”
The event marks the first inter-conference Winter Classic, the second time participating for both the Capitals, who beat Pittsburgh at Heinz Field in 2011, and the Blackhawks, who hosted the Red Wings at Wrigley Field in 2009. It is also the fourth Winter Classic held at an MLB ballpark. The game will be broadcast on NBC. According to the news release, Nationals Park also plans to feature a “Spectator Plaza” with hockey-themed attractions, with ticket information released in the coming weeks.
“We are honored to have been selected to host the NHL Winter Classic at Nationals Park,” Lerner said, per the release. “The Classic is one of North America’s premier sports events, and we look forward to sharing our ballpark and our city with NHL fans from around the world.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=sports, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410374855/1410374855000/1410374855 tracking: {authors=Alex Prewitt, blog_name=capitals-insider, content_category=Sports, in_url_headline=nationals-park-announced-as-2015-winter-classic-venue-uniforms-to-be-unveiled-sept-23, post_id=14967, section={section=sports, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 10, 2014 6:47:35 PM close date: Sep 24, 2014 6:47:35 PM

American politics havent been the same since Sept. 11  2001. Heres why.By Chris Cillizza September 11 at 12:14 PM Follow @thefix
President Obama, former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg, first lady Michelle Obama, former secretary of state Hillary Clinton and former president Bill Clinton tour the National September 11 Memorial & Museum on May 15, 2014, in New York. (Jewel Samad/Agence France-Press via Getty Images)
Thirteen years ago today, two planes struck the World Trade Center towers. One smashed into the Pentagon. A fourth crashed in Pennsylvania.  While it's a cliche to suggest that everything changed that day, it's clear that American politics — the art (and science) of understanding and channeling public opinion into legislation and leadership — has been radically altered over the intervening years.
In the immediate aftermath of the attacks, there was a rally-around-the-flag effect the likes of which hadn't been seen in post-World War II America. President George W. Bush, who had struggled to move beyond his narrow and protracted victory over Al Gore in the 2000 election, became a massively popular figure overnight.
Gallup
That chart above in many ways tracks with how the public dealt with the attacks of Sept. 11.  After the initial burst of patriotism came the long reckoning with what it meant that terrorists could reach us in our biggest cities and how, whether and how much the federal government should or could do about it. But, that broader conversation didn't happen immediately.
The 2002 election was dominated by tough talk — and tough attacks — about how politicians should react to the emergent terrorist threat. The ad that, for better or worse, typified where we were as a country was this one run by then-Rep. Saxby Chambliss (R) against Georgia Sen. Max Cleland (D) .
Democrats cried foul, insisting that the ad questioned the patriotism of a man who had lost three limbs while fighting in Vietnam. Chambliss won.
The following presidential election was, again, almost entirely dominated by what happened on Sept. 11, 2001 — and how to keep it from happening again. Bush's approval ratings were sliding — largely because of creeping doubts about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan — but the message that he had kept the country safe since Sept. 11 was a powerful emotional appeal. This ad, titled "Safer, Stronger" , drove home that message.
Bush won.
By the middle of the last decade, however, the country had begun to examine the costs — economic and psychic — of our post-Sept. 11 approach. Suddenly, Bush's appeals to the country's common patriotism began to ring hollow for more and more people, and Democrats began to speak out more forcefully on national security  matters — including their concerns about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. (Worth noting: The plummet in Bush's approval ratings was due, yes, in part to the lack of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq (which had been cited as one of the factors justifying the war) but more so due to his handling of Hurricane Katrina, which hit the Gulf Coast in August 2005.)
The 2006 midterms were a pivot point in the debate over what Sept. 11 meant — and how we should react. The sound rejection of Bush and his party signaled the doubts among large swaths of the American public as to whether what had happened earlier in the decade was the right reaction — or an overreaction — to the attacks of September 2001.  (The rethinking included questions about the Patriot Act, which had been passed in 2001 and reauthorized in the summer of 2005. )
Those doubts coalesced in the candidacy of then-Sen. Barack Obama (D-Ill.), who had come to national attention when he publicly opposed the war in Iraq — he described it as a "dumb war" in a speech in 2002 .  Obama, more so than anyone else in the Democratic or Republican race, understood that American sentiment about how the country had reacted to Sept. 11, 2001, had changed in the seven years since the attacks. (Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, whose entire presidential campaign was premised on his role helping rebuild after the attacks, didn't win a single delegate.) Obama was attacked — first in the primary by Hillary Clinton in the famous/infamous "3 a.m." ad, then in the general election by John McCain — as insufficiently experienced or committed to keeping the country safe. It didn't work.  He won easily.
Think of those seven years as action and reaction. The country moved strongly in one direction between 2001 and 2004 and then snapped back strongly in the other direction between 2005 and 2008. The last six years have been less predictable than the seven that preceded; fears remain ( as evidenced by the strong support for airstrikes against Islamic State militants ) but they are leavened by serious doubts about the institutions that we once held dear — from government to the church to the media.
Gallup, which regularly polls how much faith people have in institutions, has found that  many have reached — or approached — all-time lows in trust of late. Of the 17 institutions Gallup tested in June , only three — the military, the police and small business — win a majority of people's trust.
That eroding trust in, well, everything, has become the defining political reality of our time. (It's tied closely to a growing pessimism in the public and a sense that, no, things won't always just keep getting better for future generations .) As we have written previously, that lack of trust — combined with a lingering-if-back-of-the-mind unease about just how safe we are — has led to a sense of a country adrift, unmoored from the realities that once governed it and our lives, but without a new set of principles on which to grab hold.
President Obama addressed that unease in a speech — oddly enough — at a fundraiser in Seattle in late July . He said (bolding is mine):
But whether people see what’s happening in Ukraine, and Russia’s aggression towards its neighbors in the manner in which it’s financing and arming separatists; to what’s happened in Syria — the devastation that Assad has wrought on his own people; to the failure in Iraq for Sunni and Shia and Kurd to compromise — although we’re trying to see if we can put together a government that actually can function; to ongoing terrorist threats; to what’s happening in Israel and Gaza — part of people's concern is just the sense that around the world the old order isn’t holding and we’re not quite yet to where we need to be in terms of a new order that’s based on a different set of principles, that’s based on a sense of common humanity, that’s based on economies that work for all people.
The rise of libertarianism — and Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) — is a direct reaction to the growing distrust and doubt about whom we can trust and what it really means to be an American in 2014. Paul's push for a complete overhaul of American foreign policy toward one far more skeptical about foreign entanglements has found considerable support from a country deeply skeptical that America can or should play world cop. (Four in 10 Americans said in a r ecent NBC-Wall Street Journal poll that the United States should be "less active" in world affairs, compared with 27 percent who said the country should be more active.) That debate will be at the center of not only the 2016 Republican primary — where several of Paul's rivals have blasted his views — but also the general election fight against presumed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, who spent four years as President Obama's top diplomat.
That means that 15 years on from the horrific attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, that day — and what it meant — will continue to be at the forefront of the national conversation between politicians and the people they hope to represent. The truth is that politicians, like the rest of us, continue to grapple with how 9/11 changed us — in ways good and bad.  That process is ongoing.
Chris Cillizza writes “The Fix,” a politics blog for the Washington Post. He also covers the White House.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410452040/1410452040000/1410452040 tracking: {authors=Chris Cillizza, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=american-politics-havent-been-the-same-since-sept-11-2001-heres-why, post_id=110636, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 4:14:00 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 4:14:00 PM

If Pakistan responds properly  talks can be resumed: Rajnath SinghPress Trust of India | Gujarat | Posted: September 11, 2014 7:12 pm
The stalled talks between India and Pakistan can be resumed if the neighbouring country “responds properly”, Home Minister Rajnath Singh indicated on Thursday.
“If Pakistan responds properly, talks can be held,” he said when asked whether there is any possibility of resuming the stalled dialogue between New Delhi and Islamabad. Singh, however, but did not elaborate.
The Home Minister is as part of his two-day tour to some of the border posts to asses the situation along the international border with Pakistan.
Singh said India wants to improve its relations with Pakistan. “Neighbour is neighbour. Friend can be changed but neighbour cannot be changed. We also want that our relations with our neighbour improves,” he said. The Home Minister’s statement came a few days after External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj indicated that there may be a window for resumption of talks with Pakistan.
“There is no full stop in diplomacy, it’s always commas and semi-colons. And, after all this, people always move forward. There are no full stops in diplomatic journeys”, she had said.
Pakistan High Commissioner to India Abdul Basit said today in New Delhi that he “could not agree more” with Swaraj’s comments, maintaining that the time has come for making a “new beginning” in bilateral ties.
India had cancelled a scheduled Foreign Secretary level talks with Pakistan last month after the Pakistan High Commissioner met some of the separatist leaders from Jammu and Kashmir days before the meeting.
The Pakistan envoy went ahead with his meetings with separatist leaders despite New Delhi making it clear that if he chooses to talk to the separatists, India will cancel Foreign Secretary-level talks.

Defense names see little impact from Obama speechWall St dips at open; set to snap five-week win streak
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Reuters
Financial Markets
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened slightly lower on Friday, as the latest economic data gave little insight into the health of consumer spending.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 31.21 points, or 0.18 percent, to 17,017.79, the S&P 500 lost 2.94 points, or 0.15 percent, to 1,994.51 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 2.59 points, or 0.06 percent, to 4,589.21.
(Reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Falling Brent or reform hope Buyers take fancy to oil PSUsSep 11, 2014, 04.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Falling Brent or reform hope? Buyers take fancy to oil PSUs
Macquarie has maintained its outperform rating on HPCL with an increased target of Rs 506 per share courtesy decline in crude price and expected gains from oil reforms.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Falling Brent or reform hope? Buyers take fancy to oil PSUs
Macquarie has maintained its outperform rating on HPCL with an increased target of Rs 506 per share courtesy decline in crude price and expected gains from oil reforms.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Fall in global Brent prices has come in much earlier than much-anticipated big-bang oil reforms by team Modi and this may be enough a reason for market participants to bet their chips on this sector.
Brent crude oil prices fell below the psychological USD 100-a-barrel mark, a 17 month low, for the first time since June 2013 on ample supply pressure and a strong US dollar. Consequently, the Indian crude basket, which is used as an indicator of the price of crude imports in India, has also sunk below USD 100/barrel. With this, there is a likelihood of reduction in petrol prices by Re one a litre and first cut in diesel rates in seven years. Also, it may aid OMCs to report consecutive quarterly profits in the second half of FY15 and a reduced subsidy burden. 
While shares of oil marketing companies (OMCs) have been celebrating the decline in global oil price by soaring to new highs, brokerages are also growing bullish on the sector as a whole.
Macquarie has maintained its outperform rating on  HPCL with an increased target of Rs 506 per share courtesy decline in crude price and expected gains from oil reforms. The stock has already seen a 20 percent rally from August till date. The brokerage is positive on HPCL’s ability to ramp up refining capacity and face private sector retail competition.
Refining margins at risk?
Allaying fears that further fall in Brent crude prices will steeply hurt global refining margins of OMCs, Dipen Sheth, Head-Institutional Research, HDFC Securities says that he continues to be upbeat on oil stocks as many of companies are slated to gain disproportionally from falling oil subsidies because it will improve their working capital cycle.
"Yes, some easing of refining margins is apparent. But these companies represent a play on represent a play on regulatory dynamic in the industry than fall in refining margins. I don't think refining margins will crack to a point where their refining business deliver zero or negative growth returns," he tells CNBC-TV18 in an interview.
Nitin Tiwari, Vice President-Institutional Research at Religare Capital Markets also explains that refining margins are more linked to how demand for the refined products pan out, so if crude oil prices decline, then the refined product prices also follow the trend. But margins are more of a function of how demand and supply is panning out. "I don’t see much of a downside in the refining margins because we still have a demand growth this year although sometime back IEA had cut down the demand forecast for 2014," he adds.
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation  (ONGC) and  GAIL are Religare's top bets . Among OMCs, while it likes both BPCL and HPCL, it prefers the latter. " BPCL definitely has better refining and E&P assets, but HPCL is looking attractive on valuation terms because BPCL has already run up a lot and on valuation front BPCL is looking fairly valued, whereas HPCL is still at a significant discount to BPCL. So there could be a valuation catch-up, which could happen," he adds. Tiwari also likes IGL .
The reform hope
Bank of America Merril Lynch is bullish on ONGC and  OIL with a higher target price expecting more gains from oil reforms. It has upgraded ONGC to buy from neutral. ONGC is better off under equal subsidy sharing than under the Parikh formula, it adds. BoAML feels that equal sharing will ensure that the firm’s subsidy falls along with a fall in oil subsidy on diesel deregulation and cut in LPG-kerosene subsidy.
The brokerage also retains buying rating on Oil India. It has raised target price on OIL to Rs 777.
Meanwhile, Sheth adds that the reason for one to to gung-ho on this sector is because the government is getting its act right. "This is a multi-year story. There are has been a re-rating as many companies stocks have doubled and more in the last year, but I still fell there is tremendous upside from hereon," he says. 
But some like Kotak Institutional Equities feel that the party in oil and gas stocks is over for now. It sees limited upside in key state-owned oil and gas stocks from the current level. "We do not see meaningful scope for earnings upgrades unless the government allows higher net realization for the upstream companies for incentivizing indigenous production and enhancing India’s energy security," it says in a report. The research firm believes that earnings boost from reforms related to fuel pricing and subsidy-sharing mechanism is already in the price and has revised EPS estimates for these stocks.
(Posted by Harsha Jethmalani)

News 360: 200 dead  lakhs rescued  over 6 lakhs still stranded in J&K floodse Lounge: Dipika, Arjun talks on politics, censorship
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Fox News is splintering over take the stairs joke on Fox & FriendsBy Erik Wemple September 11 at 10:48 AM Follow @ErikWemple
On her excellent blog GretaWire , Fox News host Greta Van Susteren yesterday ripped a New York Times editorial board member for his tweets ripping Fox News for Monday’s outrage on “Fox & Friends,” when co-hosts Brian Kilmeade and Steve Doocy joked about the Ray Rice domestic abuse situation . After discussing new footage of Rice striking his then-fiancee in a hotel elevator, Kilmeade quipped, “I think the message is, take the stairs.” Doocy chimed in, “The message is when you’re in an elevator, there’s a camera.”
As noted by Mediaite’s Eddie Scarry , the Times’s Jesse Wegman wrote on his Twitter account, “Fox is welfare system for otherwise unemployable jacka–es.”
Van Susteren, who hosts the evening program “On the Record,” took exception to Wegman’s comment.
The writer has a beef with one – apparently just one – of my colleagues so he attacks the entire network of thousands of employees. That’s what bigots do — they generalize. They have prejudice against an entire group.
He obviously has not watched ON THE RECORD at 7pm — as I have taken a hard line about Ray Rice’s domestic violence. Or if he has watched, he ignored what I have said as it did not fit in his generalized (bigoted) narrative.
Bold, italics and underline in original Van Susteren screed — and they are tell-tale signs of a rift within Fox News over the Kilmeade-Doocy clown-time moment. Though the ostensible target of Van Susteren’s ire is some guy from the New York Times, she is attacking Kilmeade-Doocy as well. There is a very patent refusal to stand behind what they did, much less to support how they addressed the matter on Tuesday morning. Kilmeade told viewers, “Comments that we made during this story yesterday made some feel like we were taking the situation too lightly. We are not. We were not. Domestic abuse is a very serious issue to us, I can assure you.”
So Van Susteren’s preference is that Wegman limit his outburst as follows: “Brian Kilmeade is an unemployable jacka–.” That’s a narrow-minded quibble. When Kilmeade and Doocy were dishing out their stupidity, the icon on the lower-left corner of the screen said “Fox News.” Steve Doocy and Brian Kilmeade both have bios on the Fox News Web site; they are fully empowered to represent the network. They’re not freelancers or contractors or guest commentators but rather full-timers. They are Fox News, whether Van Susteren likes it or not.
We in the media live with this compact. When one journalist at The Post screws up or says something objectionable, critics will short-hand the situation as “The Washington Post is terrible” or some such.
Fox News’s management had its opportunity to declare that the Kilmeade-Doocy moment didn’t represent the rest of Fox News. It could have issued a statement saying that the remarks were awful and regrettable and do not represent the values of the network. It didn’t do so. Until it does, gripes like Van Susteren’s fall flat.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410446903/1410446903000/1410446903 tracking: {authors=Erik Wemple, blog_name=erik-wemple, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=fox-news-is-splintering-over-take-the-stairs-joke-on-fox-friends, post_id=14367, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 2:48:23 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 2:48:23 PM

Gold  Silver Plunge on Fall in Demand  Global CuesYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold, Silver Plunge on Fall in Demand, Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 11, 2014 15:33 (IST)
Gold Stuck Near 7-1/2 Month Low; Set for Worst Week Since May
New Delhi: After yesterday's rise, gold prices drifted by Rs 190 to close at Rs 27,610 per ten gram in the national capital today on easing demand from jewellers and retailers amidst a weak global trend.
Silver also declined by Rs 270 to Rs 41,900 per kg due to slackened demand from industrial units.
Bullion traders said besides fall in demand, ongoing "Sharads", an inauspicious fortnight in Hindu mythology for making fresh purchases mainly pulled down the precious metals.
They said weak global trend where gold traded at almost three-month low as strengthening dollar reduced demand for the bullion as an alternative investment amid easing tensions in Ukraine, also dampened the sentiment.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell by 0.3 per cent to $1,246.53 an ounce and silver by 0.3 per cent to $18.91 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 190 each to Rs 27,610 and Rs 27,410 per ten gram respectively. It had gained Rs 200 yesterday.
Sovereign, however, continued to be traded at last level of Rs 24,500 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
Similarly, silver ready fell by Rs 270 to Rs 41,900 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 310 to Rs 41,890 per kg. On the other hand, silver coins spurted by Rs 1,000 to Rs 74,000 for buying and Rs 75,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 15:31 (IST)

Vu launches affordable 50-inch and 55-inch 4K UHD TVsRetail inflation eases to 7.8 pct in Aug; IIP growth slows to 0.5 pct in July
Retail inflation eases to 7.8 per cent in August compared to 7.96 per cent in July.

Foreign Degree: The Most Affordable Countries to StudyPSU Banks Barred from Campus Recruitment
India has emerged as the least expensive foreign destination for university undergraduate students among a list of 15 countries, according to a survey by banking and financial services company HSBC.
However, the survey ranks India eighth in terms of quality in university education. The US tops the ranking in terms of quality in undergraduate education.
Among the fifteen countries surveyed by HSBC, Australia, Singapore and USA occupy the top three positions in the expenditure chart for overseas students, while India, Mexico and China are the least expensive.
According to the report, the average annual cost including university fees and living expenditure of an undergraduate international student in India is $5,642, of which $581 is university fees. This is far below the total expenditure for undergraduate students in Australia ($42,093), Singapore ($39,229) and USA ($36,564).
Source: HSBC
Another interesting finding of this survey shows that nearly 85 per cent of Indian parents would consider sending their child abroad for a better university education and believe that foreign education offers some key benefits to children.
According to the survey, Indian parents perceive that USA provides the highest quality of education and about 62 per cent of them ranked USA in their top three destinations for quality education.
The report titled 'The Value of Education: Springboard for Success', surveyed over 4,500 parents in 15 countries.
Sanjiv Sud, head of retail banking and wealth management, HSBC India said: "The HSBC survey reasserts the perception that the quality of education is better overseas. However, the fact remains that the costs of international education are substantially higher.
Story first published on: September 10, 2014 16:25 (IST)

Fox & Friends  Has A Disgusting Reaction To Ray Rice Videoreddit
The 'Fox & Friends' co-hosts responded pretty much exactly how you'd expect them to on Monday after video was released of Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice punching his wife in an elevator.
Without giving many details about the assault, the hosts quickly began comparing the incident to other cases of domestic violence among celebrities. But rather than putting any kind of blame on the abuser, the co-hosts pointed the finger at the women.
"She still married him!" Steve Doocy said of Rice's wife, Janay Palmer.
"Rihanna went back to Chris Brown right after [he assaulted her]," Brian Kilmeade said. "A lot of people thought that was a terrible message."
Doocy compared the video to the elevator incident between Jay Z and Solange. To which Kilmeade then-- you guessed it-- defended Jay Z for not hitting back.
"I think the message is, take the stairs," Kilmeade concluded.
No. That's really not the message.
Doocy then chimed in once more.
"The message is, when you're in an elevator, there's a camera."
Nope. Still not the message.
Watch the video for the full clip on Fox News.
UPDATE: The Baltimore Ravens terminated Rice's contract later on Monday afternoon.
The #Ravens have terminated RB Ray Rice's contract this afternoon.
— Baltimore Ravens (@Ravens) September 8, 2014
A Fox News spokesperson told the Washington Post's Erik Wemple that “Fox & Friends” will address the offensive comments on Tuesday, making it just the latest in a long series of apologies or clarifications the show has had to make.
More:

What we wrote about right before September 11  2001By Jaime Fuller September 11 at 12:49 PM Follow @j_fuller
US President Barack Obama stands at the Pentagon in Washington, DC, September 11, 2014, for a moment of silence marking the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks on the United States.  Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images
After the morning of September 11, 2001, all news in the years that followed seemed to refract off the smoke and grief of that day. When we wrote about politics, it was either about people trying to solve the grief through revenge or reparation, or people trying to move on. When we made jokes, we wondered whether it was too soon, or whether people needed them now more than usual. When we wrote about culture, it was in the belief that the tectonic plates of pop had shifted, and the world was suddenly so different it required reams of new, confused and mostly wrong analysis. Many still view the world through that lens.
Today, news that feels especially indebted to that day can feel repetitive. We've been hearing similar things for so long.
What a difference a year doesn't make: @washingtonpost front pages from Sept. 11, 2013, and Sept. 10, 2014 pic.twitter.com/On8Jfpr34t
— David Nakamura (@DavidNakamura) September 10, 2014
But what did we see right before September 11? Many things feel prescient, while other things just seem to reinforce how little some things changed.
On September 9, 2001, the Washington Post profiled National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice, and her experience growing up in Birmingham, Alabama.
One of Rice's defining ideas -- now Bush's idea -- is that the U.S. military should refrain from what she and Bush disparage as "nation-building," or what supporters of that idea call helping nations develop democracy and rule of law. In Rice's view, the world's greatest democracy cannot, and should not, do for strife-riven peoples what they can't do for themselves.
New reports on climate change were also covered.
In June, at the request of President Bush, a panel of top American scientists -- including previous skeptics about global warming -- reviewed the IPCC report under the auspices of the National Academy of Sciences and confirmed its fundamental findings that global warming is a real phenomenon -- and is getting worse.
On September 5, there was an article about President George W. Bush's cabinet.
"The White House is fixated on building a reelection majority in 2004," said Brookings Institution analyst Thomas Mann. "Given strategic political considerations, they're not about to delegate out important decisions and policymaking efforts to the departments. . . You want to centralize it so you can move with dispatch."
For more than half a century, the Cabinet's power has been gradually shifting to a growing White House staffed with trusted campaign aides. The proliferating Cabinet members -- 20 of them under Bush -- became administrators of the federal bureaucracy, carrying out policy but rarely setting it. "Power to develop policy, implement policy and publicly defend policy has been sucked away from the Cabinet and centered more in the White House," said Bradley H. Patterson Jr., an aide in the Eisenhower, Nixon and Ford White Houses.
The day after, the newspaper covered the previous day's state dinner with Mexican President Vincente Fox. Sens. Joe Biden and John McCain were there; the White House said the event "was designed to promote intimacy and congeniality."
In the issue of the New Yorker that ran before September 11,  Nancy Franklin reviewed  HBO's Band of Brothers.
The overwhelming question, Ambrose says, is "'Am I a coward?' And the only way you can find out is to be in combat." This is bad news indeed for the generation of viewers who grew up with the message that Coke, not facing death in war, is the real thing. Hanks and Spielberg have gone to great lengths to bring Americans who have never put their lives on the line as authentic a facsimile of that experience as possible, with all the requisite boredom and excitement and bonding and misery that go with it. In a sense, "Band of Brothers" is a lot like the war: it seems to go on forever, and you're glad when it's finally over.
The Talk of the Town featured a short bit about a Bentley parked in the West Village.
"A man named Jeffrey Meyers guessed that it belonged to "some yuppie." He said, "What I'm seeing it as, metaphorically, is a symbol of the gentrification of the West Village. The social fabric has been torn, and the whole cool nature of this neighborhood is being spoiled."
The day before September 11, the New York Times published a story about Robert Piché, pilot of "a doomed flight salvaged at the last moment by quick thinking and heroism." He was asked about being a hero. ''I don't consider myself a hero, sir," he replied. "I could have done without this.'' A September 6 dispatch from Cairo was headlined , "Arabs Expect No Wider War, but Fear U.S. Coolness."
In earlier days, the New York Times asked Lawrence Lessig about Web privacy , reported that Americans were overworked , sent Dan Barry to talk to monks building coffins , covered the pet mortuary industry and heard Jonathan Franzen saying , "Among novelists I know, no one is more ambitious than I am." Bob Herbert wrote about the UN's conference on racism: "To make progress on the many forms of prejudice plaguing the world you need a specific focus, a willingness to learn, the ability to empathize, and patience. And even then the road will be hard."
The Los Angeles Times lamented that no one song had taken the summer crown from 2000 hit "The Thong Song" on September 10. Earlier in the week, they reported that workers from Christian aid organizations were leaving Afghanistan following Taliban raids and arrests.
The Army Times wrote about the Bush administration's foreign policy plans.
Allies, particularly in the Middle East increasingly feel that international sanctions are harming the Iraqi people yet having little effect on the Baghdad dictatorship. Secretary of State Colin Powell made an unsuccessful bid earlier this year to launch a new U.S. policy in Iraq, proposing "smart sanctions" aimed only at military weapons purchases.
Some in the administration also favor more vigorous backing of insurgents who might topple the Baghdad government. But critics say that plan risks significant U.S. military involvement and bears more than a passing resemblance to the failed 1961 Bay of Pigs invasion of communist Cuba.
The Boston Globe wrote a trend story about walkie-talkies on September 8.
 You might call them old-fashioned, but two-way radios are one of the hottest trends in family communication. Officials at Six Flags, Canobie Lake Park in New Hampshire, and the Museum of Science in Boston report that visitors are using them in increasing numbers. ...
In an era when children's safety is such a concern, it's easy to understand the appeal of two-way radios. "It's kind of scary that you have to worry so much," said Rife, as she and family, from Coventry, Conn., visited Six Flags. ...
Safety aside, some people argue that the gadget is really the latest example of America's obsession with constant communication. "Forget about quiet time and reflection. This culture is noise-filled. Overstimulation of the senses is part of America. We're surrounded by sensory sounds constantly," said Joe Boskin, a professor of American social history at Boston University.
Thirteen years later, overstimulation hasn't disappeared, and neither has gentrification or climate change or concerns about web privacy. Joe Biden is still hanging out at the White House and front pages still devote space to what the United States is doing in the Middle East. A lot did change that day, but history and the media can be resilient, repetitive things.
The @washingtonpost front pages, thirteen years apart: Sept 12, 2001 and Sept 11, 2014 pic.twitter.com/e7GUyNqqht
— Carlos Lozada (@CarlosLozadaWP) September 11, 2014
This post has been updated.
Jaime Fuller reports on national politics for "The Fix" and Post Politics. She worked previously as an associate editor at the American Prospect, a political magazine based in Washington, D.C.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410454168/1410454168000/1410454168 tracking: {authors=Jaime Fuller, blog_name=the-fix, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=what-we-wrote-about-right-before-september-11-2001, post_id=110638, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 4:49:28 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 4:49:28 PM

US slaps duties on Mexican sugar importsAugust 26, 2014 10:19 pm
US slaps duties on Mexican sugar imports
By Gregory Meyer in New York and Jude Webber in Mexico City
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7bbdff46-2d59-11e4-aca0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Big Win in California  But More to Doreddit
Six and a half million Californians will have reason to celebrate today after Governor Jerry Brown signs the Healthy Families, Healthy Workplaces Act (AB 1522). For 44 percent of the state's population who don't earn a single paid sick day, this simple act will move them a step closer to catching up with the rest of the world -- being able to care for themselves or a loved one without losing a paycheck or a job.
Among them will be Maria Elena Jefferson , a Walmart worker and OUR Walmart associate who has to drag herself to work sick because the giant corporation keeps her just below the 36 hours a week required for full-time status and access to paid sick days.  Many of her co-workers who are full time will also benefit. Right now, as is typical in the retail and grocery industry, they count as having paid sick days but in fact are never paid for day one, whether that's the only day they're out or the first of several days.
Millions more in the state who already have paid sick days will now be able to use them for a sick family member or to deal with the aftermath of violence -- and can do so without being disciplined for taking the time they've earned. Although the number of days per year is minimal (three), municipalities and employers can go beyond it -- as San Francisco and San Diego have already done, and Oakland is poised to do.
California becomes only the second state in the U.S. -- along with a growing number of cities (nearly a dozen including new victories in New Jersey) -- to guarantee workers can earn a minimum number of paid sick days. A body of evidence now exists that shreds the opponents' predictions of doom, showing the benefits to workers and families, to businesses and the economy.
Bill Excludes Home Care Workers
But one critical group will not benefit today, the mostly female workforce paid through the state that provides critical in-home care and services to vulnerable elders or people dealing with chronic illness or disabilities.
Christine Petraeus in San Luis Obispo is one of these workers. She moved back to California after working in a denim mill in Georgia and getting an associate degree -- with honors -- to be a social worker assistant, only to find no jobs in the field. "I knew home care was a job I could do that always had an opening," she said.
Christine calls her clients "wonderful people." Thanks to her, a 92-year-old woman named Lois dependent on a walker is able to maintain some independence and dignity. "She's like an angel in my pocket," says Christine. "Not a day goes by when she doesn't say how much she appreciates me and what I do for her."
Christine knows well that Lois can't afford to get sick -- a flu for her home care worker could become fatal pneumonia for Lois. But losing even a couple hours pay "hurts the pocketbook," says Christine, describing the $50 cost of filling her tank and the money she had to borrow for recent dental work. "Every hour counts when you have bills to pay, rent to pay." Until recently, Christine worked seven days a week just to get by, but finally decided at the age of 54, she needs one day of rest.
Devaluing Women
When she found out home care workers were excluded from the paid sick days bill, Christine was outraged. "That's discriminating," she told me. "It's disgraceful, to treat us like we're lower class when we're not. We work hard to make sure clients can stay at home. Our bodies do take their toll. We get sick, too."
Describing the importance of her job and the fact that they also don't get vacation or holidays, Christine linked the exclusion to the devaluing of women's work. "I think politicians view it as domestic, no different than caring for a child at home. They don't see us as workers, as laborers -- they see us as the old '50s, just a homemaker. It's because we're women and it's expected from us to do these things and still maintain the low wages and low pay."
Christine was glad to learn her daughter's husband, a vineyard worker, will be among those now earning paid sick days. Three days isn't enough, but it's better than none, she says, recounting a time recently when he stayed out a day or two and went back in, even though he was really sick, because he just couldn't afford to lose pay.
We Won't Suck It Up
But for herself and other home care workers, she's clear: "I'm not standing for that -- we won't suck it up." Christine is proud that her union, United Domestic Workers, an AFSCME local, as well as SEIU United Long Term Care Workers and the broad California Work and Family Coalition whose organizing led to this historic win, are pledging to keep fighting to end the exclusion and expand the bill.
"Our members are very dedicated to the union and to our fight," she says. "They will be ecstatic if we win at least 3 days. I know I will be."
Follow Ellen Bravo on Twitter: www.twitter.com/FmlyValuesWork
More:

What Obama didnt say: How Iran fits into Islamic State fightComments
By Brian Murphy September 11
Iran's supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei delivers a speech during a ceremony marking the 25th death anniversary of Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, founder of the Islamic Republic, in Tehran June 4, 2014. (Reuters)
President Obama left out one important element in his address on strategies to confront the Islamic State: How Iran fits in the emerging coalition.
It’s a question that can’t be set aside indefinitely, and could be among the defining challenges of the U.S.-led coalition. Like all affairs in Iraq – and neighboring Syria, for that matter – Tehran is in the mix either directly or as patrons for proxies.
It’s hugely improbable that Iran would fall in line as a reliable partner under an American umbrella. On Thursday, Iran’s Foreign Ministry said the international alliance against the Islamic State is "shrouded in serious ambiguities." The statement made no mention of Obama’s speech.
But Iran – with deep interests in both Iraq and Syria – has many reasons to also seek the Islamic State’s demise. In another of the Middle East’s strange-bedfellow outcomes, Iran is likely to be drawn into any Western-led scenarios against the Islamic State militants and their networks.
Here are five reasons why:
SHIITE MUSCLE: Iran has important sway over powerful Shiite militias in Iraq. Some had turned their guns against American troops in the past. Now, units of Shiite fighters have joined the battles against the Sunni-led Islamic State in northern Iraq. The reason is balance of power. Iraq’s Shiite factions – and, by extension, Iran – are deeply unsettled by the idea of rising Sunni extremists who condemn Shiite Muslims with the same fervor they denounce the West.
POLITICAL POWER: The Shiite-led government in Baghdad remains firmly in Tehran’s orbit. Iran was closely intertwined with the leadership of former Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki. That is unlikely to change significantly under the newly named Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi despite his greater outreach to the country’s minority Sunnis. Any comprehensive plan for airstrikes or other attacks on the Islamic State must get at least some nod from Baghdad. And that means Iran always is in the wings.
SYRIA: The fight against the Islamic State must eventually cross the border to Syria, where the militants have important strongholds. Here’s where it gets really complicated. Obama had suggested that the ground game in Syria could be led by "moderate" rebels whose main goal – until now – has been trying to topple Syrian President Bashir al-Assad. Iran remains a critical ally of al-Assad. The West doesn’t want to deal directly with al-Assad to coordinate any strategies. But Iran could emerge as an intermediary.
REGIONAL RIVALRIES: Washington and its allies want as few Middle East distractions as possible. This includes trying to keep a lid on the always-simmering rivalries between Iran and Sunni power Saudi Arabia, a Western ally whose strict brand of Islam also has provided ideological grounding for some extremists. Before his speech, Obama called Saudi Arabia’s King Abdullah. It's another sign of the critical Saudi role in mobilizing Arab support to root out the Islamic State. Another message is on Washington’s mind: Keeping Saudi Arabia calm amid possible greater outreach to Iran. Saudi Arabia threw a tantrum when America opened nuclear talks with Iran and made overtures for more dialogue. The United States doesn’t want another Saudi spat on its hands now.
ROOM TO TALK: There are more chances than ever for direct U.S.-Iran dialogue. Channels have been open through the negotiations over Tehran’s nuclear program. Tehran and Washington also have taken part previously in three-way talks hosted by Iraq. Later this month, the world’s leaders will be in New York for the biggest diplomatic talkfest of them all: the United Nations General Assembly.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=5, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410431499/1410431499000/1410431499 tracking: {authors=Brian Murphy, blog_name=worldviews, content_category=World, in_url_headline=what-obama-didnt-say-how-iran-fits-into-islamic-state-fight, post_id=37736, section={section=world, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 10:31:39 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 10:31:39 AM

Yes mr.elayaravi  it is huge positive because 1)no more interest...Platinum Member
106 Followers
3)Due to high exchange rate the interest in dollar terms becomes very high so saving huge amount on a/c of interest.
4)Those converted shares are almost locked with FII & FII are normally long term investors so nothing to worry about dilution of equity.
In reply to : elayaravi message
10.34 PM Sep 11th

Taj refocuses expansion abroadAbhineet Kumar |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
Taj hotels' foreign expansion plan back on drawing board
Divests from properties abroad to focus on its key markets
Indian Hotels Company’s strategy for expanding abroad is back to the drawing board. On Wednesday, the company that runs the Taj group of hotels, part of Tata Group, exited its management control contract with Morroco’s JK Hotels for the Taj Palace at Marrakech in that country.
This comes a couple of months after the company sold its sole property in Australia, Blue Sydney, for about Rs 180 crore. And, less than a year earlier, it had called off a $1.2-billion bid for Bermuda-based Orient-Express Hotels.
“The divestment has been undertaken as part of the Taj group’s strategy to focus on markets which are core to the group’s operations,” stated the company. It was, it said, going to “create liquidity to fund the company’s ongoing expansion in such markets”. It has identified China and the Asia-Pacific as core regions to grow.
The reported loss for 2013-14 was Rs 553 crore, consolidated debt Rs 4,252 crore. It also has debt amounting to Rs 553 crore maturing in this financial year. The company's high debt is also because of the acquisitions done in the past. Construction of own hotels also became an expensive proposition because of rising land prices. The company is now slowly shifting its business model to managed properties. It  currently has about 24 properties with 2,464 rooms under management contract.  
“The overseas expansion strategy has been revisited, prioritising the key source market, as the company has decided to divest unsustainable propeties,” said an analyst with a domestic brokerage who did not wish to be identified. “China is the new priority, as it feeds into its properties in Mauritius and Malaysia.”  The 112-year-old Tata enterprise has continued with its flagship brand, Taj, for over a century, attracting premium leisure travellers. However, with the onslaught of international hotel brands in this country, it launched an upscale chain called Gateway in September 2008, and Vivanta by Taj two years later, to target business travel. In the past eight years, it has also bought costly assets in key source markets, especially in America, to attract business travellers to its new upscale chain of hotels. The logic is that as the bulk of travellers, for business and leisure, come to India from America and Europe, the company can create demand for its hotels by showcasing the brand in those markets. That’s why it now runs 16 hotels in key markets abroad. The company aims to generate 40 per cent of its revenue from outside in India in the days to come, from about 30 per cent now.
In China, it plans to come up with a 200-room Taj hotel, and a Vivanta by Taj hotel with 300 rooms, in the Kunming Expo Garden of Yunnan province. In January 2012, IHC signed an agreement with Yunnan Tourism Company to construct, develop and operate these hotels. It also plans a Hotel Taj Temple of Heaven in Beijing and is developing a 300-room propery at Hainan island as a premium holiday resort. The company hopes these will help it source customers for its hotels in Maldives and Malaysia.
“By divesting such assets, the company is exercising its financial prudence while meeting its expansion objectives,” said a hotel sector consultant, who did not wish to be identified as he was not allowed to speak about any single company. “This will help it improve cash flow to meet investment targets.”
 Advertisements

Putins Eurasian economic union feels strainSeptember 2, 2014 7:23 pm
Standoff with west reveals splinters in Putin’s Eurasia project
By Jack Farchy in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0fd58e1c-32b7-11e4-b86e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iraq s squabbling politicians unite to fight IsisIraq's squabbling politicians come together to fight the Isis threat Sep 09, 2014
Iraq's squabbling political class has formed a new government under Haider Abadi amid pressure to present a united front against the Islamist militants threatening to break up the country. Borzou Daraghi, the FT's Middle East correspondent, tells Fiona Symon how the deal was done.

Intel CEO Says Costly Tablet Chip Strategy Has Paid OffYou are here: Home Corporates
Intel CEO Says Costly Tablet Chip Strategy Paid Off
Reuters | Updated On: September 09, 2014 23:47 (IST)
Reliance Industries Gas Field Investments Depend on Acceptable Pricing: Niko
San Francisco: Intel Corp's plan this year to pay manufacturers to use its processors to make tablets was boosting the chipmaker's market share, chief executive Brian Krzanich said on Tuesday, adding that he hoped to avoid such a costly strategy with smartphones.
After falling behind rival chipmakers in mobile in recent years, Mr Krzanich set a goal for Intel's chips to be used in 40 million tablets in 2014, up from 10 million the previous year.
To reach it, Intel is paying manufacturers some of the initial engineering cost of developing tablets using its chips, hoping those companies will continue to use them for future devices.
The vast majority of tablets are made with processors based on rival technology from Britain's ARM Holdings Plc.
"We've made good progress getting into tablets," Mr Krzanich told reporters ahead of the annual Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco.
"We've gone from nothing to something where I consider us a real tablet manufacturer."
Investors have pushed shares of Intel to decade highs, partly on bets that the global slump in personal computer demand that began with Apple Inc's introduction of the iPad four years ago is hitting bottom.
Shares in Intel have surged about 35 per cent so far this year, far more than the Standard & Poor's 500's increase of 8 per cent.
Intel would not say how much it was spending to coax tablet makers into using its chips. But reflecting an ongoing struggle to break into smartphones and tablets, the company's mobile and communications group's second-quarter revenue fell 83 per cent to $51 million, and the unit had an operating loss of $1.12 billion.
Mr Krzanich said he hoped to avoid using costly subsidies when he sets a new goal for smartphone chip shipments for 2015.
Intel's upcoming Sofia smartphone chip includes a 3G version for low-cost devices in developing countries like China as well as a version with 4G for the United States.
"It's a product built for the right price point," he said.
At Tuesday's event, Intel was expected to highlight its determination to become a player in a growing wave of wearable computing gadgets like smart watches and fitness trackers.
Intel has been working with design company Opening Ceremony to launch a fashion bracelet with semiprecious gems, communications features and wireless charging.
In March, Intel bought fitness bracelet maker Basis Science. Last week it announced plans to work with fashion accessory retailer Fossil Group to develop more wearable computing devices.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Apple to Charge Banks in New Payment System: ReportYou are here: Home Corporates
Apple Payments Service May Boost Sales of Larger iPhones
Reuters | Updated On: September 10, 2014 23:24 (IST)
Reliance Industries Gas Field Investments Depend on Acceptable Pricing: Niko
The addition of a mobile payments service to Apple Inc's next iPhone could help to boost sales of the larger-screen phones and claw back market share lost to mobiles running on Google Inc's Android platform.
Apple shares rose as much as 1.3 per cent on Wednesday, a day after the launch of the iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch - the first new product introduced by chief executive Tim Cook.
At least six brokerages raised their price target on Apple's stock by as much as $16 to a high of $116, but there was also a rare downgrade to the stock.
Many on Wall Street hailed Apple Pay - the company's new wireless payment system - with Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster calling it the "star of the show" at Tuesday's gala launch.
It will allow iPhone 6 and 6 Plus users to pay for a burger at McDonald's Corp or groceries at Whole Foods Market Inc at the tap of a button, using their American Express Co, Visa Inc or Mastercard Inc bank cards.
Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, Motorola Mobility and others include similar wireless technology in many Android smartphones. But with payment systems such as Google's Wallet failing to catch on, the technology is not standard in handsets.
"On the mobile payments front, we believe the company made a major breakthrough and cracked an important and vexing issue that has plagued the industry for several years regarding customer ownership," William Blair analysts wrote in a note.
Mr Cook, who took over as CEO from Steve Jobs in 2011, has been under pressure to launch new services and come up with larger-screen phones to counter Samsung's popular Galaxy Note 'phablets'.
Worldwide market share of iPhones, which contribute more than half of Apple's revenue, slipped to 11.7 per cent for the quarter ended June from 13 per cent a year earlier, according to research firm IDC.
"Apple Pay is a feature that should help sell Apple products and provide some small help to the bottom line," BMO Capital Markets analysts said.
But Andy Hargreaves, analyst at Pacific Crest, said growth potential from the iPhone 6 was largely priced into Apple's shares. He cut his rating to 'sector perform' from 'outperform', becoming the first analyst since May to downgrade the stock.
Apple Watch, the company's first new product since the iPad, is tethered to the iPhone 6 models. Starting at $349, it will receive phone calls and messages, play music and serve as a digital wallet to pay for goods.
The watch, which will go on sale in the United States next year, has received mixed reactions. Fashion commentators like its clean aesthetic, while some tech writers pointed out Apple's silence over battery life.
Sony Corp, Samsung, LG Electronics Inc and Qualcomm Inc have launched smart-watches based on Google's Android Wear, without great success.
"Apple Watch is attractive, but the need for phone tethering, short battery life, and lack of compelling features for people who do not want a watch will limit the market," Mr Hargreaves said.
Apple shares were up slightly at $98.18 in early trading. They closed down 0.38 per cent on the Nasdaq on Tuesday.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Stepping out of an enduring shadowStepping out of an enduring shadow
Anuj Srivas
Tweet
For Apple and its CEO, will the iPhone 6 and Apple Watch be the start of a new chapter?
Ever since the death of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, it has seemed as if the company were stuck in a constant cycle of rumours, hype and consequent disappointment. While some of it may have been due to unreasonable expectations and an ever-hungry technology commentariat, it is difficult to deny that the last three years have seen the iPhone maker act a little more hesitant, a little unsure of itself.
There have been some questionable hiring and firing decisions, lesser ground-breaking products, and a muted silence as to what a post-Jobs Apple should look like.
On Tuesday, however, current CEO Tim Cook took the first public step in making Apple his own, wiping away the cobwebs and proving that he is indeed the holder of the keys to the company’s roadmap. The new product launches, therefore, are best seen as a mixture of the old and the new, the familiar and the unknown, and of a world inspired by and bereft of Steve Jobs.
Let’s first consider the new iPhones. In hindsight, the iPhone 4S (and maybe the iPhone 5) were probably the last products that Apple looked at from a purely ‘how should we build a better smartphone’ perspective. The iPhone 5S and the iPhone 6 have been about looking to build on top of the smartphone platform, pushing to solve a painful problem. Specifically, these two phones are about changing the antiquated way we pay for physical and online goods.
If it isn’t clear, the iPhone 6 is Apple’s way of telling us that the smartphone wars, while still important, has shifted battlefields. The specification and smartphone OS wars can still continue, but building on top of the smartphone platform—and solving specific problems, thus making the smartphone ever more useful and ubiquitous—is where the puck will be in a few years. Samsung, Lenovo, HTC and Microsoft have their work cut out for them.
Incidentally, this is a tried and tested Steve Jobs strategy, very similar to the way the iPod and iTunes paved the way for the initial iPhone, whereby Apple builds layer upon layer.
The 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, on the other hand, is proof that Apple under Tim Cook is a company that is willing to succumb to market pressures when it is necessary. The demand for larger screen phones is primarily driven by Asian markets, where the penetration of Apple products has historically been the lowest.
The future of iPhone’s growth will be driven by bigger and better screens.
From a product arrangement standpoint, however, the iPhone 6 Plus complicates matters. Based on initial hands-on reviews, the 6 Plus looks like it might cannibalize the iPad Mini if the general consumer audience ends up taking to it. Consequently, the iPad Mini and the iPad will no longer be able to rest safely in the “tablet category”. This could put pressure on Apple into turning the iPad into a ‘laptop-killer’, the way Microsoft is trying to do with the Surface Pro 3.
Best watch ever?
Next comes the undoubtable star of the event: the Apple Watch. A betting man might say that this new product category will determine the future of Tim Cook’s legacy; it will decide whether Apple moves from being a pure consumer technology company to one that sits firmly in the intersection of fashion and technology.
And make no mistake about it: the Apple Watch is a device that sits between ‘pocketable’ computing (current smartphones) and intimate computing, where the devices will find a place on our bodies and seamlessly interconnect with the help of a background smartphone. There is little doubt that what sets Apple Watch and Android Wear/Galaxy Gear apart is not the number of software applications, but the number of customizations and product choices that Apple offers. The Apple Watch is clearly being positioned as a watch, whereas Android Wear is clearly a wearable.
It is also immediately clear that the Watch is a first generation product—the similarities in structure and design between the Apple Watch and the first generation iPhone are quite apparent. Though Vogue Magazine is yet to take a stand, the Watch looks stunning and unrefined at the same time. Successive generations of the Apple Watch will fix this rawness, but the basic template is there.
All of Apple’s characteristic design innovations are present—the digital crown, which is the latest in the long history of user interface accomplishments by the company—as well as more quirky and humane features such as heartbeat communication (the potential for new types of social messaging is vast) and the ability to use the watch as a walkie-talkie.
For U.S users, the combination of Apple Pay and Apple Watch may prove to be a compelling ‘must-buy’ use-case. The rest of the world, however, may be a little unsure.
A deciding factor that was conspicuously missing was battery life: there’s no point in talking about the future of the Apple Watch if its charge can’t last more than half a day.
Money matters
And last, but certainly not least, we come to Apple Pay. The new payment system, which is the most comprehensive to come out so far, is clearly the magic sauce that ties the new device ecosystem together. (In this, Apple Pay is very much like iTunes).
The ingredients are all there: the Apple Watch (and the iPhone 6 to a lesser extent) is the vector and the large number of merchants that Apple announced are those who are willing to take a chance on eliminating the physical credit card.
Apple is clearly going where the money is, as analyst Horace Dediu has pointed out. The very fact that a payment system has received ‘Apple’ branding (unlike iTunes) speaks volumes in itself.
The company is also naturally stressing on the fact that it is adding value by adding security to the whole payment process. Indeed, security and ease of use seem to be built into this entire process. “Apple doesn’t know what you bought, where you bought it, or how much you paid for it,” Tim Cook beamingly announced, in a clear dig at Google. And he’s right—though whether security will prove to be a good enough assurance for wide-spread use is still yet to be seen.
(This article was published on September 10, 2014)

About Time: Watch Tim Cook Reveal  Apple s Next Chapter
JPMorgan tells clearers to build bigger buffersSeptember 11, 2014 12:18 am
JPMorgan tells clearers to build bigger buffers
By Sam Fleming and Philip Stafford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48aa6b02-38f9-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Industrial units in South Gujarat stare at 58 pct cut in natural gas suppliesRetail inflation eases to 7.8 pct in Aug; IIP growth slows to 0.5 pct in July
Retail inflation eases to 7.8 per cent in August compared to 7.96 per cent in July.

The slow  sad decline of RadioShack  one of the great brands of the 80s 
Profits weaken
And that’s exactly what came to pass in recent years. Eventually, declining profits gave way to outright losses.
Tap image to zoom
Stores languish
By the early 1980s, Radio Shack—then a division of leather goods manufacturer and retailer Tandy Corp.—had roughly 8,500 stores across the country. Recently the company has moved to chop stores , in light of financial realities. But it might be too late.
Tap image to zoom
Debt accumulates
For a while the company was able to offset the pressure with borrowings. But now it finds itself laden with debt.
Tap image to zoom
Cash flow evaporates
And paying off that debt has gotten trickier as RadioShack’s free cash flow has dried up.
Tap image to zoom
Cash gets used up
Given the amount of debt RadioShack has and the terrible operating performance of the franchise, the company has burned through nearly all of its cash in recent months. (It’s in negotiations to borrow more .) As of Aug. 2, the company only had around $31 million in cash on hand .
Tap image to zoom
Bond prices fall
The bond market knows how to read the financial statements, and prices of RadioShack debt have been falling accordingly.
Tap image to zoom
Shares flatline
Stock investors—who will be wiped out in any actual bankruptcy filing—have already dumped the shares.
Tap image to zoom
Chapter 11 talk ensues
It seems like we’re getting close to the end here. The company just filed a regulatory document  that said, “If acceptable terms of a sale or partnership or out-of court restructuring cannot be accomplished, we may not have enough cash and working capital to fund our operations beyond the very near term, which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.”
And the next stop after that, as the filing noted, is bankruptcy.
Share this:

Indian auto component exports can touch $40 ...Auto ancillaries cheer the turnaround in auto sales
Auto ancillaries cheer the turnaround in auto sales
The report also identified and suggested that Indian suppliers can significantly accelerate their international presence in the next few years.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Indian auto component makers are well positioned to benefit from globalisation of the sector as exports potential could be increased by up to four times to $ 40 billion by 2020.
A joint report by ACMA and McKinsey -- Capturing the global opportunity, The next imperative for the Indian auto component industry -- said globalisation in the auto-suppliers industry is an irreversible trend and is likely to increase.
Indian suppliers are well positioned to benefit from these global trends and can significantly accelerate their international presence in the next few years, it said.
Based on market comparisons, supplier and OEM surveys, the Indian suppliers can nurture a three-pronged 2020 aspiration, it added.
These include increase in exports from the current $ 10 billion to $ 35-40 billion, increase in revenue from overseas assets from the current $ 6 billion to $ 20-22 billion and increase in count of Indian suppliers in global top 100 from the current lone figure to five by 2020.
According to the report, globalisation of the component industry would be driven by five macro-trends, including globalisation by OEMs with suppliers following them and maturing of low-cost countries (LCC) as export hubs.
The report further said that platform consolidation and shift towards large global suppliers, increasing aspiration of emerging market suppliers to access new markets and technologies and market diversification for margin resiliency would also contribute to the globalisation drive.
The report also identified and suggested that Indian suppliers can significantly accelerate their international presence in the next few years.
It said the year gone by has been one of the most challenging in the history of automotive industry in India.
During the trying times, each one of the players have had to go back to the drawing board, revisit strategies, reorient their organisations, streamline processes and revitalise their companies to gear up and deal with the challenges, it said.
"This has helped the component manufacturers to evolve into stronger entities with better capabilities to be globally competitive," ACMA (Automotive Component Manufacturers Association of India) said.
This period has made the component makers to look at international markets in a more serious way and the need to become an integral part of a global auto supply chain has become ingrained as a strategic intent, it added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Olive Gardens unlimited pasta pass black market is actually a perfect illustration of why ticket-scalping worksBy Caitlin Dewey September 11 at 12:30 PM Follow @caitlindewey
This is why we can’t have nice things … like seven glorious weeks of unlimited pasta alfredo.
On Monday, Olive Garden — popular Italian restaurant chain and occasional fulfiller of dreams — announced an A+ marketing gimmick in which, for a mere $100, the restaurant would bestow seven-week “unlimited pasta passes” to 1,000 carb-loving fans.
The passes sold out, predictably, in little more than an hour. And from there, they (just as predictably) spread to eBay and Craigslist , where, as of Thursday morning, several dozen passes were listed at prices as high as $499 apiece. In the bidding war that followed — because I mean, who doesn’t want two months of mass-produced fettuccine — Olive Garden spokeswoman Tara Gray rose above the din, clarifying that the passes were (a) not transferrable and (b) that the secondary market could not exist.
But … why not?
“[Olive Garden] is working with eBay to inform users bidding for the coveted ‘Never Ending Pasta Pass’ that the passes can’t be resold,” explained CNN’s Ben Rooney . “Anyone who has already purchased a pass on eBay should call the company to find out how to proceed.”
(eBay)
Here’s the thing: More than a lulzy oversight on Olive Garden’s part, this incident — if “incident” isn’t too grandiose a term — is also a pretty perfect illustration of the economics of online ticket scalping, and the argument over who’s responsible for a practice that, frequently, makes events more expensive and less attainable for ordinary, OG-loving consumers.
Adam Goldstein, of The New York Times and Planet Money, laid out the phenomenon this way in 2013 . Essentially, secondary markets develop to balance discrepancies between supply and demand, as created by the original ticket-venders. In this case, there are a limited number of Olive Garden pasta passes; the demand is high enough that people will pay incredible amounts of money for them; and yet — in its effort to generate social media buzz — Olive Garden sets the price point well below what the market is willing to pay.
A mere $100 for seven weeks of pasta? That’s absurd. A plate of Olive Garden pasta is usually around $13. Even if you only use the pass three times a week during that period, and get one plate of pasta each time — which, let’s be real, does not even begin taking advantage of the deal — the pass is worth $273. At least.
Likewise, a ticket to see OK Go in D.C. next week costs a measly $25 . On Stubhub, hopeful entrepreneurs are already offering them for as much as $100 apiece .
OK Go’s Damian Kulash in D.C. in March 2013. It would seem the band may, like Olive Garden, underprice its tickets. (Michael S. Williamson/The Washington Post)
This, in essence, is the dirty economic secret of scalping, whether we’re talking about pasta or Beyonce tickets or anything else: Concert promoters and other sellers are quick to blame the scalpers for inflating prices, or companies, such as eBay and Craigslist, for failing to police them. In reality, the best way to stop people from reselling things is to charge more for those things to begin with. Frequently, the reason for charging less is a little nefarious: It means people are more likely to spend money at the event itself. (If I’m paying something like $1.50 for a figure-ruining marathon of pasta, it’s easy to justify, say, a couple $8 glasses of wine.)
Ticketmaster president Jared Smith explained to Goldstein last year that the bands that charge the least for their tickets are also the bands whose tickets get scalped the most.
“There [are entire corporations] built on exploiting companies’ failure to properly price items initially,” Goldstein wrote. Corporations like Ticketmaster, Stubhub — and our good friend eBay.
A number of solutions have been proposed to cut down on this kind of thing, thereby guaranteeing that economically irrational prices can stay. Australia has for years debated legislation to crack down on scalping , which eBay has vociferously opposed . Meanwhile, a law passed in California last fall limits the practice of using bots, or computer software, to buy off blocks of tickets for resale.
Olive Garden’s approach was a little different, if no less stringent: In an unsuccessful attempt to preempt the secondary market entirely, it included a line about non-transferability in its pasta pass’s fine print .
At the end of the day, though, there’s an easier solution: actually charge what people are willing to pay. For the pasta pass, that looks to be roughly $300.
Some of us really like our carbs.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410453035/1410453035000/1410453035 tracking: {authors=Caitlin Dewey, blog_name=the-intersect, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=olive-gardens-unlimited-pasta-pass-black-market-is-actually-a-perfect-illustration-of-why-ticket-scalping-works, post_id=2983, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 4:30:35 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 4:30:35 PM

Manmohan Singh knew of 2G  coal scams: Ex-CAG Vinod RaiComments
Former prime minister Manmohan Singh was aware of the controversial decisions made around the allocation of coal blocks and 2G spectrums that led to massive losses to the state exchequer, Vinod Rai, the former chief auditor of India, said on Thursday.
In an interview to Times Now, Rai also alleged some Congress leaders had sought to apply pressure on him to keep the PM's name out of audit reports.
 
Rai’s comments are his first direct attack against Singh who has so far denied knowledge of the decisions made by his ministers, scandals that rocked his premiership and contributed to the ouster of the Congress party-led UPA government in the April-May Lok Sabha elections.
His allegations are completely baseless and untrue,I challenge his memory-Sanjay Nirupam,Cong on former CAG Vinod Rai pic.twitter.com/W79pAQ3ScW
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 11, 2014
 
“In 2G and coal there is no way he can shirk responsibility,” Rai told the Outlook magazine in an interview published ahead of the September 15 launch of his tell-all book ‘Not Just An Accountant’.
 “In 2G all the letters written by A Raja were to him and he was replying to those letters. I got no reply to any letter I wrote to him.
 
“On one occasion when I called on him, the PM said I hope you don’t expect a reply from me, whereas he was replying to Raja twice a day. So how can he be not held responsible for the onus of that decision?”
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner, was also critical of the coalition politics under Manmohan Singh and suggested that the former PM was more interested in remaining in power.
Last month, Rai had said political exigency led the former PM to acquiesce to the controversial decisions which have since been ruled as illegal by court. The award of 2G spectrums has been cancelled by the Supreme Court, which is still hearing the case for scrapping the allocation of more than 200 coal blocks.
 
So far, the 81-year-old Singh, prime minister between 2004 and 2014, has been largely seen as a well-intentioned man of high personal integrity but one often unable to assert his authority.
 
Rai’s comments blow a hole into that image.
 
“Integrity is not just financial; it is intellectual integrity; it is professional integrity. You have an oath of allegiance to the constitution and that is important,” the former Comptroller and Accountant General (CAG) said.
 
“You cannot sacrifice everything at the altar of trying to ensure the coalition remains in power. That was his worry.”
 
Rai said Singh told him on 16 November that the CAG’s method of computation of the multi-billion dollar losses was wrong.
 
“I told him ‘Sir, these are the econometric methods that you have taught us’. This was sitting on the stage of Vigyan Bhavan.”
Read: Ex-CAG Rai claims 'outright lie', says Nirupam
Asked if at any stage he was offered support by the Gandhi family or the political establishment, Rai said: “I did not get a single reassuring signal either from the political machinery or the government, except one or two statements from Pranab Mukherjee.” He, however, hinted that the opposition supported the CAG.
 
As CAG, Rai issued a series of audit reports that upbraided Singh’s government for wasteful management or mismanagement of public resources and funds even as they brought corruption to light.
 
In the hands of the media and civil society, the audits became the most potent weapon for an overhaul in the way business is done in India, including spotlighting a shoddy method of governance that enriched the elite at the expense of the state.
Asked if he believed he rocked the UPA government, Rai said: “Yes, but that is okay. I am asking you a direct question – if the figure of Rs. 176,000 crore had not been there how many of you would have taken note of the report?
 
So was the intention to put out a sexy figure?
 
“No, I wanted to put out an alarm signal that this was just a tip of the iceberg,” Rai said.

TVS expects break even of its Indonesian arm in FY 15This is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Lord Hanuman gets Aadhaar card!Retail inflation eases to 7.8 pct in Aug; IIP growth slows to 0.5 pct in July
Retail inflation eases to 7.8 per cent in August compared to 7.96 per cent in July.

Obama readies US for relentless Isis warSeptember 10, 2014 11:36 pm
Obama prepares US for ‘steady, relentless’ war with Isis
By Richard McGregor and Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/96b1eb80-3936-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dear friend  the company annual general meeting is going to be held on...Gold Member
52 Followers
Dear Friend, The company Annual General Meeting is going to be held on 26th of this month at Chennai. Especially their Balance Sheet  Sheet is a Beautiful Global Standard one which can be viewed from their WEBSITE. Now it is going to be a Game Changer, mark my words. If everything goes well as per my predictions then on a conservative basis the price should cross the figure of Rs. 50/- at least by this November end. Further increase in their price is depending upon the managements announcement and future projections only. In any case, according to me the worst period is over for this company and their consolidation is almost over a better future and above all the availability of the shares in the market is very minimal. I can say only this much. My Best wishes to all of you for a windfall from your investments in this company.
In reply to : LASTCOMPASS message
10.29 PM Sep 11th

Rapid City sees earliest snowfall on record as winter weather plunges into U.S.Rapid City sees earliest snowfall on record as winter weather plunges into U.S.
By Angela Fritz
Comments
Nearly an inch of snow fell in Rapid City, S.D. on Thursday, as seen at the National Weather Service office there. (NWS Rapid City)
Canada’s not the only place seeing painfully early snowfall this year. East Rapid City, S.D. saw their earliest recorded snowfall on Thursday. Weather records there go back to 1888. The previous earliest snowfall date was September 13, which was set in 1970.
Nearly an inch of snow has fallen thus far at the weather station in East Rapid City, but higher amounts are accumulating across western South Dakota. Eight inches has been reported in Custer, S.D., and seven inches has been recorded so far on Mount Rushmore, in the midst of “heavy snow” reports. Downtown Rapid City has seen about an inch of snow as of Thursday morning.
A winter storm warning is in effect as snow is expected to continue through the morning hours, and then diminish in the afternoon. The Weather Service is expecting four to seven inches of heavy, wet snow by the time it lets up, which could cause damage to trees and subsequent power outages.
Near an inch of snow at Rapid City. This is the earliest recorded snowfall going back to 1888. #sdwx pic.twitter.com/xUetPL4tQY
— NWS Rapid City (@NWSRapidCity) September 11, 2014
Thursday’s snowfall is a result of the dip south that the jet stream is taking this week, bringing early snowfall as well as cooler temperatures. This is the same system that has been causing early snowfall in Calgary this week, which caused tens of thousands of power outages as a result of downed tree branches.
At least Calgarians are keeping their sense of humor. We hope our friends in South Dakota will brush off the early snow in similar fashion.
September snow   bored = grumpy snowman army in my front yard. #yyc #abstorm #weather pic.twitter.com/YSNgL37lUu
— Jo Majko (@jpmwd) September 10, 2014
 
Angela Fritz is the Deputy Weather Editor for the Washington Post. She holds a B.S.  degree in meteorology from Valparaiso University and an M.S. in Earth and Atmospheric Science from the Georgia Institute of Technology.

Moody s assigns Baa2 to ICICI Bank s overseas bond issueMoody's assigns Baa2 to ICICI Bank's overseas bond issue
K R Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 11:  
Moody's Investors Service has assigned a Baa2 rating to ICICI Bank's proposed US dollar denominated senior unsecured notes.
The notes are proposed to be issued under its updated $7.5-billion Global Medium Term Note programme.
The drawdown is from its Dubai branch. The ratings outlook is stable.
The notes have a maturity of 5.5 years and will be listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange.
The Baa2 rating for the notes is at the same level as the foreign currency debt ceiling of India.
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

J&K floods: Google database grows to 6 000 p...Please answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:

Arabs sceptical of US efforts in IraqLast updated: September 10, 2014 4:43 pm
US faces deep mistrust in garnering Arab support for Isis battle
By Borzou Daragahi in Cairo and Simeon Kerr in Kuwait
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fd8b6752-38da-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Still 6 times down what more u want.....Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

M&M to expand African footprintSave this video
Copy URL
One of India's leading automobile manufacturers, Mahindra and Mahindra, has unveiled plans to expand its footprint across the African continent.
29

Architects unveil four bold visions for the 11th Street Bridge ProjectBy Jonathan O'Connell September 11 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
The subject of Washington’s buzziest architecture competition isn’t a Smithsonian museum or a downtown office building, but a series of concrete piers jutting out of the Anacostia River a dozen blocks east of Nationals Park.
More than 40 architecture teams comprised of 82 firms initially expressed interested in designing  a park traversing the Anacostia  – what could become a local version of New York’s High Line Park — atop piers that held up the old 11th Street Bridge before it was replaced .
The four finalists submitted their proposals to the project’s organizers Tuesday, and they leave nothing to the imagination: there are amphitheaters, education centers, dining piers, urban gardens, waterfalls, climbing walls and an array of eye-catching architectural features, any of which could transform the old bridge site into a distinctive landmark.
Scott Kratz, director of the 11th Street Bridge Park , said the project has the chance to bring needed attention to a river that has suffered environmentally and long served as a barrier between the majority of the city and some of its poorest communities. He said he was thrilled at the quality of responses.
“These are some of the best designers in the world and their work reflects that,” he said. “We were hoping that the proposals would not just be shades of gray and we received reds and blues and greens and purples. They are all so different while still responding to the community’s vision.”
The teams will come to Washington to present their ideas to a jury of experts in design, architecture, health and economic development on Sept. 29-30 and a final decision is expected Oct. 16.
Whoever is named the project’s designer will do so with a caveat, as some $40 million needs to be raised to build and operate the park. The project is a collaboration between the D.C. government and the non-profit  Building Bridges Across the River , and already the D.C. government has committed to providing $14.5 million of the $25 million construction price tag, Kratz said.
Here is an initial look at each of the proposals. In addition to the jury, public input will play a factor in making a final selection, so for readers interested in taking a more detailed look at the proposals and offering opinions, please take our poll . (All images are courtesy of the architecture teams, via the 11th Street Bridge Park.)
*****
Bridge Park
Balmori Associates / Cooper, Robertson & Partners
Three concepts shape the proposal from Balmori Associates and Cooper Robertson, both of New York. The predominant architectural feature is an undulating overheard feature called “the Walk,” meant to evoke the daily strolling routine of Frederick Douglass, the famed abolitionist whose former home in Anacostia is a National Historic Site.
“The structure allows for the design of a suspended deck giving freedom to the overall shape, program, and topography of Bridge Park and permits the deck edge to be varied, thin, and elegant,” the team writes in its proposal.
This bridge would meander side to side as it crosses the river, a design the team calls “the Thread.” In the center of the bridge is “the Clasp,” a prominent events space that hangs out over the water.
The architects said they hoped their project “can help re-connect the diverse neighborhoods on both sides of the river, re-engage the Anacostia River, improve the general quality of public health through physical and social activity, and generate new jobs for local citizens of the district.”
*****
Anacostia Crossing
Olin/OMA
Olin , based in Philadelphia, and the Office for Metropolitan Architecture, in New York,  propose two grand ramps that slope from either end of the bridge, creating a series of paths and a giant ‘X’ shape that would serve as an easily recognizable symbol on the river.
“The intersection point of the two paths shapes the central meeting point of the bridge—an open plaza that provides a flexible venue for markets, festivals, and theatrical performances held throughout the year,” the companies wrote in their submission. “The paths that frame this plaza further enhance the bridge as a hub of activity, providing a sequence of zones designated for play, relaxation, learning and gathering.”
On the slopes, the companies propose a series of special spaces, among them an amphitheater, an urban agriculture center, an environmental education center and a boat launch. Other features include a sculpture garden, interactive art features and a “hammock grove.”
 
Anacostia Landing
Wallace Roberts & Todd / Next Architects
Philadelphia-based Wallace Roberts & Todd teamed with a firm based in the Netherlands, Next Architects, to propose a bridge with a billowy canopy that its designers liken to a “noble and grand old tree” in that it “fulfills multiple and vital needs: providing shade, funneling prevailing breezes, supporting greenery and solar panels, framing public art, and creating the setting for gatherings, frolic, and play.”
“We aim to spotlight the Anacostia River as a bountiful, beautiful, and exciting watercourse, a place where the juncture of human and natural ecologies ‘land’ as a productive, fun, and life-affirming exchange,” they write.
Beneath the canopy and surrounding it the team plans a staggering 35 different amenities arranged in four zones along the length of the bridge and overflowing onto parkland along the eastern banks of the river.
The centerpieces are an amphitheater and a three-story community and education center. For foodies there is an urban farm, market, greenhouse and dining piers. For recreation there are trampolines, climbing nets and an urban beach.
*****
The Crossing
Stoss Landscape Urbanism / Höweler + Yoon Architecture
The submission from two Boston firms, Stoss Landscape Urbanism and Höweler and Yoon, is rooted in the history of the river, to the days when ferries escorted workers from Anacostia to their jobs at the Navy Yard on the west side of the river.
“These ferry crossings became as much places of congregation and assembly, places of social exchange, as they were places of passage,” they write. “Our proposal for the 11th Street Bridge Park puts in place a new crossing, one that establishes new connections across and to the Anacostia River and to the burgeoning and socially and culturally rich neighborhoods along its banks.”
They propose a series of angular walkways and park spaces along the bridge and extending along the eastern bank of the river. Two raised structures pop from the bridge’s main plate, creating space for an environmental education center and other enclosed features.
 
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
 
 
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/capitalbusiness, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410429603/1410429603000/1410429603 tracking: {authors=Jonathan O'Connell, blog_name=digger, content_category=Business/capitalbusiness, in_url_headline=architects-unveil-four-bold-visions-for-11th-street-bridge-park, post_id=1837, section={section=business/capitalbusiness, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 10:00:03 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 10:00:03 AM

Yes  That s Right. A Million Dollars for a Parking SpotMumbai's Office Space Leasing to Pick up in 2015: CBRE
New York: What will $1 million buy in New York City?
A diamond-encrusted Cartier men's watch. A small fleet of 2014 Bentley Continentals. Or maybe your very own parking spot in SoHo.
A new development, 42 Crosby St., is pushing the limits of New York City real estate to new heights with 10 underground parking spots that will cost more per square foot than the apartments being sold upstairs.
The million-dollar parking spots will be offered on a first-come-first-served basis to buyers at the 10-unit luxury apartment building being developed by Atlas Capital Group at Broome and Crosby streets, itself the former site of a parking lot. At $250,000 a tire, the parking spaces in the underground garage cost more than four times the national median sales price for a home, which is $217,800, according to Zillow.
So instead of a 5,000-square-foot house with a wine cellar in Dallas or a 3,500-square-foot home with a sauna in Seattle, one could choose 150 square feet in the basement of 42 Crosby, a condominium designed by architect Annabelle Selldorf.
The parking spots, some of which will be a generous 200 square feet, will run $5,000 to $6,666 a square foot, whereas the nine three-bedroom units upstairs will cost between $8.70 million, or about $3,170 a square foot, and $10.45 million, around $3,140 a square foot. Monthly common charges for operational expenses for the three-bedrooms will run as high as $8,880 ($18,360 for the $25 million duplex penthouse). But the parking spots, which also provide a bit of storage space and a charging station, if not views, will not rack up additional monthly charges.
In Manhattan, where luxury condominiums and their lavish amenities have been commanding stratospheric prices, the million-dollar parking spots are strategically priced. The median sales price of a Manhattan apartment has been tickling the million-dollar mark, reaching $920,000 in the second quarter of 2014, while apartments at the ultrahigh end have been selling for more than $90 million.
"We're looking at setting the benchmark," said Shaun Osher, the founder and chief executive of the brokerage firm CORE in Manhattan, which is handling the sales and marketing at 42 Crosby St. "In real estate, location defines value and parking is no exception to that rule." In SoHo, Osher said, there are "few to no options" for parking, let alone a private spot in your own building.
The number of off-street parking spaces in the city was 102,000 in 2010, or about 20 percent less than in 1978, when there were 127,000 spots, according to the Department of City Planning.
While scarcity is a factor in the price of parking, $1 million for a parking spot may still be a reach.
Last year, a private garage with space for two cars at 66 E. 11th St. was listed for $1 million by the Manhattan real estate firm Delos. It is still available in conjunction with the sale of the building's $50 million dollar penthouse. In April 2012, a parking space at 60 Collister St., a loft condominium building in Tribeca, sold for $345,459.
Over the past year, residential parking spots in Manhattan have been selling for an average of $136,052, according to Jonathan J. Miller, the president of the appraisal firm Miller Samuel.
Buyers at 42 Crosby St. who pay $1 million for a parking spot will not actually own it. The condo is selling 99-year licenses for each spot. A license, unlike a deeded parking spot, entitles buyers to use the space as long as they are residents of the building and requires that it be sold in the event of a move.
To build the 10 spots, the developer had to get a special permit from the city, which typically limits the number of parking spaces in new buildings to no more than 35 percent of the units.
Parking spaces in new developments across Manhattan are selling at a brisk pace. At 56 Leonard, a 145-unit Tribeca tower co-developed by Alexico Group and Hines, 25 of the 28 parking spots were listed for sale in May at $500,000 apiece; all were sold within months. There is a waiting list for the remaining three spots, which the developer is holding to offer to the buyers of two remaining units. A penthouse in the building went into contract for $47 million in June 2013.
"When someone is paying $50 million for an apartment, another $500,000 for the luxury of not walking a block or two and having your own spot, I guess it becomes a rounding error," said Izak Senbahar, the president of the Alexico Group.
Beth Fisher, a senior managing director of Corcoran Sunshine, which is marketing 56 Leonard, said: "The No. 1 amenity is parking. In the luxury market, parking is really one of the key, key features that distinguish one development from another."
© 2014, The New York Times News Service
Story first published on: September 10, 2014 09:05 (IST)

John Lewis warns of impact of Yes voteLast updated: September 11, 2014 4:53 pm
John Lewis warns of higher prices in an independent Scotland
By Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e8159572-398f-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Actual courage on displayBy Jennifer Rubin September 11 at 12:00 PM Follow @JRubinBlogger
When pundits and politicians talk about “courage,” they don’t mean physical courage, and they don’t usually mean courage at all. For politicians, being brave is often doing exactly what they, their base and the polls favor anyway. When pundits brag about being “brave” (as left-wing scribblers do in bashing Israel), that, too, can be anything but. There are exceptions, of course, the most impressive one being President George W. Bush’s decision on the Iraq surge.
Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) delivers a speech to 2014 Red State Gathering attendees in Fort Worth. (Tony Gutierrez/Associated Press)
Yesterday we saw two others, albeit of a smaller magnitude. Nevertheless, since it was so refreshing to see not one, but two, instances on the same day, it is worth acknowledging them. (Three would be a trend!)
The first was an appearance, widely seen now on  YouTube , of Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) sticking up for Israel as a Middle East Christian group booed and shouted him down. Let me emphasize that the vast majority of Christians in the United States are extremely pro-Israel and have been among the biggest defenders of the Jewish people. But this crowd evidently isn’t among them. It wasn’t clear why Cruz went, but he certainly made the most of it, standing his ground as they hooted and heckled. He soldiered on, saying: “Those who hate Jews hate Christians. If those in this room will not recognize that, then my heart weeps. If you hate the Jewish people, you are not reflecting the teachings of Christ. And the very same people who persecute and murder Christians right now, who crucify Christians, who behead children, are the very same people who target Jews for their faith, for the same reason.”
Finally, with a fair amount of panache, he calmly declared: “If you will not stand with Israel and the Jews, then I will not stand with you. Good night, and God bless.” (Boom. The “God bless” really sold it. Off he then went. It was the sort of line that most of us think of after a tense confrontation. I should have said . . . ) Not only did Cruz hold his ground and calmly deliver a true and heartfelt message of Christian-Jewish solidarity, but he did so without anger and without getting rattled. It was easy to flee when the boos started, and even easier to remain subdued. Instead, Cruz delivered his message with verve as the catcalls rained down on him.
Cruz can appear angry or even rude to colleagues. On Wednesday he demonstrated why a politician who keeps calm and stays polite is infinitely more impressive. He should keep it up. As an aside, courage is also telling your own side hard truths. In the future, when the base is angling for a ludicrous and counterproductive stunt such as a shutdown, Cruz should then too, be the adult in the room and deliver a true and tough message.
If you want to see swimming against the tide and willingness to endure friendly fire, take a look at Bill Bennett’s defense of Common Core . There are legitimate complaints about it, but much of the opposition is unhinged and premised on a series of myths. Too many conservatives who should know better fan the flames and come across as know-nothings, opposed to school standards in general. Bennett, a conservative radio host (and former mentor to Rep. Paul Ryan and education secretary under Ronald Reagan) decided to set his side straight. He explained that “the fundamental idea behind a core curriculum [is] preserving and emphasizing what’s essential, in fields like literature and math, to a worthwhile education. It is also, by the way, a conservative idea.” It is not, as he pointed out, a federal plot, but he did chide the Obama administration for muddying the waters:
Governors, state education administrators and teachers used these principles as a guide when they developed a set of common standards that were later presented to the country as Common Core. Forty-five states signed up originally. But the process was contaminated by politics, and that brings us to the debate we have now.
In 2009 the Education Department created Race to the Top grants, federal funding for states that met certain educational benchmarks. To qualify, states were required, for instance, to demonstrate that they had a common, high-quality set of standards. Common Core standards satisfied the criteria.
Critics accused President Obama and Education Secretary  Arne Duncan  of dangling federal money to encourage states to adopt the Common Core. The administration never should have done this. It made a voluntary agreement among states look like a top-down directive from the federal government. But remember: The original Common Core standards were separate from the federal government, and they can be separated once again. . . . [T]he federal intrusion into Common Core, however unwelcome and unhelpful, does not change a basic truth: Common, voluntary standards are a good, conservative policy.
Moreover, states can use other standards, as Indiana has done when it pulled out of Common Core and created its state-specific standards. If that is their preference, they can keep the money by showing that their own standards are equally tough. Bennett then demonstrates an all-too-rare quality: pragmatic advancement of one’s principles. He recommends, “Call it Common Core or call it something else, as Arizona has done by renaming its standards ‘Arizona’s College and Career Ready Standards,’ but public schools should have high standards based on a core curriculum that is aligned with tests that are comparable across state lines.”
I’m sure there are a great many of his listeners, readers and fans who are now wigged out, accusing him of going over to the dark side and betraying conservatives. That is the tone of excommunication and vilification used frequently to denounce deviations from right-wing orthodoxy, no matter how wrong-headed it may be.
Kudos then to Bennett as well. While the hoots and hollers will come from a distance rather than face-to-face, he, too, showed that you need not pander to the faithful when they are misguided or irresponsible. Maybe he should run for something.
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410451239/1410451239000/1410451239 tracking: {authors=Jennifer Rubin, blog_name=right-turn, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=ted-cruz-and-bill-bennett-two-brave-men, post_id=28317, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 4:00:39 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 4:00:39 PM

J-K floods: Anger grows as police collect bodiesComments
Rescue teams struggled on Thursday to reach thousands of people still marooned in Kashmir a week after the state’s worst flooding in 60 years as anger mounted over what many described as the collapse of the civil administration in Srinagar.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) deployed rescue boats in Rajbagh, one of the worst-affected areas in downtown Srinagar, while residents used makeshift rafts to evacuate people from other submerged areas in the state where about 400,000 people remain stranded after the devastating floods.
The ferocity of the deluge that has left more than 200 people dead appeared to have taken the state administration by surprise.
No local authorities, civil or police, were on the ground in Srinagar as people jostled for boats and those rescued from flooded homes in a dehydrated condition desperately looked for transport, medicines, food and shelter.
"Our ministers were busy evacuating their own people and VIPs in the first few days of the floods and disappeared thereafter. Have you seen Jammu and Kashmir politicians and policemen anywhere?” said Mohammad Hassan Wani, a local resident helping with relief after rescue operations.
“All top officials of the administration trapped in floods were airlifted, so were international tourists from Dal Lake. They had their own priority list."
Read: J-K is the only flood-prone state without a flood warning system
People complained the Omar Abdullah government had failed to warn them about the floods and was not equipped to deal with the natural disaster.
"We used to remove the tin roofs of our house to wave at helicopters to rescue us but they were only airlifting from locations briefed by the state administration," said Mansoor Ahmed, who was rescued on Thursday from the third floor of his Rajbagh house with his wife and 80-year-old mother.
Srinagar residents also complained the government was not doing anything to pump out standing water as fears of disease loomed large.
"We at Rajbagh were at the epicentre of the floods. A government jeep could have covered the area in half an hour if it gave door-to-door warning. The water will not go out of its own. And it is not rocket science for the state engineering department to figure out how to pump it out," said Yusuf Butt.
Read: Amid tragedy, fear of looting grips locals
The death of a seven-year-old after drinking contaminated water raised alarm bells in the area. "We have been given chlorine tablets, saying one is enough for 150 litres of water. Where is 150 litres of water to drink? We are buying drinking water bottles. There is no water tanker here," said Javed, a driver.
Officials said water supplies had been partially restored in the Valley and efforts were on to re-establish communication links that were snapped after the floods.
The government has moved thousands of people to makeshift shelters where they are also being provided with food and other basic amenities. The army has deployed about 30,000 troops for rescue and relief operations and soldiers distributed 224,000 litres of water and food to survivors.
In a gesture of solidarity, staff at the prime minister's office gave up one day's salary for flood relief.
Many people praised the army on social media for its efforts but others vented their anger at delays in getting help to survivors.
Basharat Peer, a journalist and author of a book on the Kashmir conflict, who is working as a volunteer in Srinagar, said the response to the disaster had been woeful.
"It is clear case of mismanagement. Why are the basic supplies still not made available?" Peer asked.
"There are thousands of people searching for their families They have no idea whether they are alive or dead. We have no clean drinking water, no medicines and food to feed the children."
(With agency inputs)

Concerted policy push to add 69 million non-agriculture  11 million manufacturing jobsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Mumbai: Although the new government has undertaken measures that generate employment, a comprehensive 'pro-jobs policy' will help add 69 million non-agriculture and 11 million manufacturing jobs by 2020, credit rating agency Crisil said on Thursday. "The government needs to take more steps towards pro-jobs policy to structurally alter the country's employment profile," Crisil said in a report.
"This involves, among other reforms, easing labour market rigidities, building world-class physical infrastructure and alleviating power shortage. This can add 69 million jobs in the non-agriculture sector and 11 million manufacturing jobs by 2020," it added.
The time is ripe for that one big, concerted push towards a pro-jobs policy that is imperative to alter India's employment profile, Crisil said. Manufacturing sub-sectors like textiles, food products and related sectors have the potential to drive employment creation over the next five years, it pointed out.
"The government needs to take more steps towards pro-jobs policy to structurally alter the country's employment profile," Crisil said in a report.
"We believe four manufacturing sub-sectors -- textiles, food products and related sectors, non-metallic mineral products and transport equipment -- can drive employment creation over the next 5 years," it added.
However, the reality is the manufacturing sector won't be able to generate adequate employment and the labour-intensive services sector will have to pitch in, Crisil said. "We believe the labour-intensive services sectors such as trade, hotels and restaurants, education and health, and personal and community services can add another 36 million jobs by 2020. These services will benefit from changing consumption patterns at households, a focus on urbanisation, and a push to education and better healthcare," it said.
With job opportunities in manufacturing and services rising, excessive push to unproductive job creation in the construction sector will not be necessary. "In recent years, construction employment soared in part because of a large number of projects under the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme. We expect 13 million additions to construction jobs by 2020, compared with nearly 24 million under the status-quo scenario," it said.
Thus, the government's focus on effective implementation of pro-jobs policies coupled with education and skill development of youth will mean 10 million less people will be forced into farm employment by fiscal 2020, it pointed out.

Vinod Rai attacks Manmohan Singh; says Cong leaders brought pressureVinod Rai attacks Manmohan Singh; says Congress leaders brought pressure
By ET Bureau | 12 Sep, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Manmohan knew of 2G, coal scams: Vinod Rai
Manmohan knew of 2G, coal scams: Vinod Rai
Rai also speculated that coalition compulsions might have prevented Singh from heeding requests from cabinet colleagues to refer the spectrum issue.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Former CAG Vinod Rai has said that records indicated that the then telecom minister A Raja had kept prime minister Manmohan Singh in the loop on the course of action he planned to pursue in allocating 2G spectrum and that the PM's reluctance to chart a different course could be construed as "dereliction of duty".
Rai also speculated that coalition compulsions might have prevented Singh from heeding requests from cabinet colleagues to refer the spectrum issue to a Group of Ministers.
In an interview with Arnab Goswami of Times NOW on Thursday, Rai also said he had apprised the then FM Pranab Mukhejree of what was due to come in the report on coal. Later Mukherjee and Rai jointly met the PM to indicate the findings of the CAG report.
However, Rai refused to lay the entire blame on the former PM for the series of scams that rocked the UPA government. "I think we are laying too much of blame only on the prime minister because there are large number of functionaries who did not perform the role that their oath of allegiance they had taken to the constitution," he said.
Rai said two letters written by Raja to the PM in 2007 - on November 15 and December 16 - showed that Singh was well aware of what the DMK leader was planning to do.
"...If he had put his foot down, probably the fate and the course of UPA-2 would have been different. If he had put his foot down and stopped this process from unfolding... It could have been any other process, we are not prescribing a process... but this process was faulty in a large number of ways. And the govt has also accepted that rules and regulations were not being followed, goalposts had been shifted..." Rai said in the interview. In the months before the controversial allocation of telecom licenses in January 2008 -- at a price fixed in 2001 -- the finance ministry had pitched for auction of spectrum.
Ministers such as Kamal Nath had expressed concern at the goingson in the telecom ministry had called for a GoM to be set up.
Rai, whose controversial reports on spectrum allocations and coal block allotments had put the UPA government in a spot, is releasing his autobiography 'Not just an account, the diary of a nation's Conscience'.
With regard to Air India's purchase of aircraft during Praful Patel's term as the civil aviation minister, Rai said ministry officials came pleading "at any level" to remove a reference that the minster had "nudged" Air India to buy more planes than it had asked for.
In the Rai appeared to criticize Patel, saying that the former minister had taken considerable interest in the details of Air India's purchase, though decision such as the number of planes ought to be taken by the Air India board.
"And we took a decision to remove the word nudge because normally audit follows a very structured formulation and nudge was not a word appearing in our documents," Rai said.
Elaborating on the aftermath of the November 2010 CAG report ---which famously clamed a loss of Rs 1,76,000 crore to the exchequer---the former CAG said then Congress MPs Sanjay Nirupam, Ashwini Kumar, Sandeep Dikshit had approached him to keep the PM "out of it". But these conversations was after the report had been published.

Local pro and college teams commemorate 13th anniversary of 9/11 with tweetsBy Scott Allen September 11 at 12:47 PM Follow @ScottSAllen
(Ray K. Saunders/The Washington Post)
Local pro teams and college athletic departments are commemorating the 13th anniversary of 9/11 with notes and photos of remembrance on Twitter.
The Nationals, who play the Mets in New York on Sept. 11 for the third consecutive year:
As the nation marks this solemn anniversary, we remember the lives lost on September 11, 2001. #NeverForget pic.twitter.com/fAG94vbkCw
— Washington Nationals (@Nationals) September 11, 2014
The Redskins:
#NeverForget . pic.twitter.com/uI2flsCt4h — Washington Redskins (@Redskins) September 11, 2014
The Ted Leonsis-owned Wizards, Capitals and Mystics:
In remembrance of those we loved and lost on September 11, 2001 and the first responders who rushed to their aid. — Washington Wizards (@WashWizards) September 11, 2014
In remembrance of those we loved and lost on September 11, 2001 and the first responders who rushed to their aid. — Washington Capitals (@washcaps) September 11, 2014
In remembrance of those we loved and lost on September 11, 2001 and the first responders who rushed to their aid. — Washington Mystics (@WashMystics) September 11, 2014
D.C. United:
In memory of all that was lost, and the courage to overcome. #NeverForget #Remember911 pic.twitter.com/30cAyue05n — D.C. United (@dcunited) September 11, 2014
Maryland:
#NeverForget pic.twitter.com/mDKMYjeQkk — Maryland Athletics (@umterps) September 11, 2014
George Mason:
Today we pay tribute to the victims of 9/11 and honor those that continue to protect our freedom. #NeverForget pic.twitter.com/1xQdn8khxE
— Mason Athletics (@MasonAthletics) September 11, 2014
Scott Allen writes about all things DC sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=sports, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410454023/1410454023000/1410454023 tracking: {authors=Scott Allen, blog_name=dc-sports-bog, content_category=Sports, in_url_headline=local-pro-and-college-teams-commemorate-13th-anniversary-of-911-with-tweets, post_id=45312, section={section=sports, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 4:47:03 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 4:47:03 PM

McDonald s files trademark application for  McBrunchMcDonald's files trademark application for 'McBrunch'
Egg White Delight McMuffin
Jeff Kauck / McDonald's
McDonald' Egg White Delight McMuffin, is one of the chain's newer breakfast items.
McDonald' Egg White Delight McMuffin, is one of the chain's newer breakfast items. (Jeff Kauck / McDonald's)
Patents, Copyrights and Trademarks
Burger Business is reporting: McDonald's Corp. in July filed an application to trademark the phrase "McBrunch." The Oak Brook-based burger giant confirmed the application but offered no further details. It's the second time McDonald's has filed an application for the name. It filed an application in 2001, but later abandoned it.
Get the full story at burgerbusiness.com

Its Sept. 11. Do you know what your brand Twitter is doingBy Alexandra Petri September 11 at 11:44 AM Follow @petridishes
Please. (AP/Charlie Neibergall)
Today is Sept. 11, that solemn bright morning when fall foliage is just starting to burst out in the trees and remembrances crop up in your newsfeed.
The act of remembering has become a kind of ritual. I think for many millennials, it’s a line on the wall — every inch of distance from the present to that Tuesday marks how much you’ve grown up, or haven’t. It’s riveted in memory, and you can measure things by it: How far you’ve come, how far you haven’t come, how different or the same the world feels.
The hole at Ground Zero has become an official memorial and museum, complete with gift shop, however you feel about that.
We mark the day in different ways. Notes, pictures, livetweets .
Brands, unfortunately, mark it by making awkward gaffes.
Never Forget (to build a bear) (now deleted) pic.twitter.com/YxNRS5rK9f
— Andrew Kaczynski (@BuzzFeedAndrew) September 11, 2014
Listen: We don’t want our toilet paper to remind us to remember 9/11. Or our Cinnabons. Or our diapers. I can’t believe we need to spell this out.
This came up before with #WhyIStayed , just this week, but: Please, this is not what you want to do. Get out and stay out. Think before you try to tie in Huggies. We’re getting far enough away that grief and shock are not as immediately raw as they once were, but these groping tie-ins, even if sincere, are still tacky at best and downright offputting at worst.
Our hearts and thoughts are with everyone affected by the tragic events that took place 13 years ago today. #NeverForget
— Huggies® (@Huggies) September 11, 2014
Remember. Don’t do it.
Alexandra Petri writes the ComPost blog, offering a lighter take on the news and opinions of the day.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410450267/1410450267000/1410450267 tracking: {authors=Alexandra Petri, blog_name=compost, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=its-sept-11-do-you-know-where-your-brand-twitter-accounts-are, post_id=8468, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 3:44:27 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 3:44:27 PM

Fashion World Divided on First Look at Apple WatchYou are here: Home Corporates
Fashion World Divided on First Look at Apple Watch
Reuters | Updated On: September 10, 2014 08:13 (IST)
Reliance Industries Gas Field Investments Depend on Acceptable Pricing: Niko
Cupertino, California: Apple Inc's newly unveiled smartwatch on Tuesday split fashion arbiters who may prove pivotal to its broad acceptance.
Many praised the "Apple Watch", priced from $349 when it debuts next year, for its clean aesthetic, but some bloggers and editors said the watch had a masculine aura, which would limit its allure to parts of the style-conscious crowd. Others said the design, while pleasing, was less than revolutionary.
The gadget, which must be paired with an iPhone, is shaped like a traditional timepiece, with a small square display. A dial on the side, reminiscent of the winding mechanism on a mechanical watch, can be spun or pushed to manipulate what is on the touch screen.
Apple will offer three different versions -- sport, standard, and a luxury edition, with finishes including stainless steel and gold plated. The display can be customized to show the time in numbers or a facsimile of a watch with hands.
Wrist bands range from leather and stainless steel to sports models in hues from pink to blue. The Watch recognizes voice commands and carries sensors that can track activity such as steps and heart rate.
Roseanne Morrison, fashion director for The Doneger Group, an industry consultant, said the design fell short of her expectations.
"It's not pretty," she told Reuters. "It's very future techno as opposed to feminine sexy."
Many contacted by Reuters agreed that the device was better looking than existing offerings from the likes of Samsung Electronics and LG, which are judged to be clunkier.
But rival tech giants like Google Inc and Intel Corp are increasingly competing with Apple in the emerging market for wearable devices. Based on tablet and PC adoption rates, Citigroup expects the smartwatch market to reach about $10 billion by 2018 versus an estimated $1.4 billion to $1.8 billion in 2014.
Eric Wilson, fashion news director for InStyle Magazine, said Apple also faces competition from luxury watch-makers like Rolex. Swatch has said it's exploring a watch with intelligent digital features.
"The Apple Watch will be a status symbol to carry," he said. But the design is "generic in the sense of its flexibility and individualization." With the exception of the bright colors and gold trim, he added, it is "a very masculine watch."
Some fashionistas may prove reluctant to wear a smartwatch at all, said Sonny Vu, chief executive of Misfit Wearables, which makes an activity monitor that can be worn as a broach, on a necklace, or on a wrist band. Some female consumers are concerned about tan lines, for instance, and many might own a watch that has sentimental value, he said.
But other fashion critics were effusive.
"It is immaculate in terms of how function meets design. The issue is really about how much people want to wear something so clearly, essentially an amazing gadget," said Alexandra Shulman, editor of British Vogue.
View from Fashionweek
The Watch is the closest the US company has come to selling a fashion accessory and marks its first foray into the personal luxury goods market, although its iPhones and other gadgets have long been seen as fashion symbols.
Wearable technology was the "topic of the moment" at New York Fashion Week. Many fashion editors were invited to the Apple product launch for the first time this year.
In recent years, Apple has hired Patrick Pruniaux, former vice president of Tag Heuer's global sales and retail; Angela Ahrendts, former chief executive of Burberry Inc; and former Yves Saint Laurent CEO Paul Deneve joined as vice president of special projects.
A first-time invitee to an Apple event, Marie Claire tech editor Jenna Blaha, said she was impressed with the Watch but would need to touch and feel the device before recommending it to readers.
At Tuesday's launch in Cupertino, California, Apple displayed a gallery of watches but onlookers had to be content with tightly controlled demonstrations by Apple employees. Gwen Stefani, fashion designer and "No Doubt" singer, told Reuters even she wasn't allowed to play with these watches.
Many of the fashion experts agreed that the most compelling wearables haven't hit the market yet. Fashion editors were curious about an expected wearable accessory from fashion designer Rebecca Minkoff; a high-fashion smart bracelet from Intel; and a smart ring from Ringly.
"This is just the beginning. How long before there is a partnership with Marc Jacobs and Valentino to do more sophisticated faces?" said Lea Goldman, features and special projects reporter for Marie Claire.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Punjab CM Badal seeks direction from Centre to help J&K flood victimsUrgent aid needed. Help Now
Chandigarh: Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal on Thursday sought directions from the Centre to offer help and cooperation to the flood-affected people of Jammu and Kashmir.
According to an official release, the Punjab government, having failed to contact the authorities in valley due to disruption in telecom services, asked the Centre to inform it about the nodal authorities in rescue and relief.
In separate letters to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, the Chief Minister asked the Union Government to inform the Punjab Government about the nodal authorities to be contacted in this regard.
"The people of Punjab and my government share the grief with the people of J&K and express complete solidarity with them in this hour of crisis," the Punjab CM said.
While the assessment of damage to individual property and vital infrastructure in the state would take some time, the Punjab Government was keen to render immediate assistance to the Jammu and Kashmir government in handling this grave situation by all means in terms of food article supplies, medicines, doctors, blankets, clothes or anything else the Government needed, Badal wrote in the letters.
Badal said, "My heart goes out for the people of J&K who have suffered this disaster. The people of Punjab and my government share the grief with the people of J&K and express complete solidarity with them in this hour of crisis."

Sheila Dikshit backs BJP s bid to form Delhi govt  Cong  shockedComments
Former Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Thursday said the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) should be given an opportunity to form the government in Delhi, evoking strong reaction from her party colleagues.
Dikshit told news agency Asian News International (ANI) that if BJP leaders were claiming they had the numbers, then they must have been saying so with a “sense of responsibility”.  
“I am glad that the people of Delhi will get an elected government maybe. And if the BJP is claiming that they will be able to form a government, I think they should be put to the test. The BJP’s claim must have some basis as the president of their party is saying so,” Dikshit, who recently returned to Delhi after spending seven months in Kerala as the state’s governor, told ANI.
The Congress, however, was quick to distance itself from the comments with party leaders claiming that whatever Dikshit said was her personal opinion. Delhi Congress spokesperson Mukesh Sharma was the first one to react and immediately found support in senior party colleagues and AICC general secretaries Shakeel Ahmad and Ajay Maken.
 
Watch: Sheila Dikshit backs BJP
The party, though, was in favour of dissolution of the House and fresh elections in the Capital.
“Sheila Ji’s comments on govt formation in Delhi may be her personal opinion. Congress MLAs & AICC r totally against extending support to BJP (sic),” Ahmad tweeted.
Shiela Ji's comments on Govt formation in Delhi may be her personal opinion We are against BJP forming Govt. b'cause they don't have numbers
— Ajay Maken (@ajaymaken) September 11, 2014
Dikshit had earlier said she was talking on behalf of the people of Delhi, who deserved an elected government.
“If you do not have an elected government, then in democracy, it’s not a very suitable situation because the people do not know where to go, what to do,” said the 76-year-old.
Read: Cong disapproves of Dikshit's remarks backing BJP
Congress spokesperson Mukesh Sharma also said the party was “shocked” by Dikshit’s statement.
“We are shocked by her statement on government formation. The Congress has nothing to do with it. Our stand is very clear. We will not let the BJP form government,” Sharma said.
The Delhi BJP, however, praised Dikshit for her “straightforward” statement while the Aam Aadmi Party said that it was not surprised as “there is hardly any difference between the BJP and the Congress”.
“Sheilaji is a veteran leader. She understands the constitutional nitty-gritty and has the experience of running a government. As a political leader, her comment is mature,” Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay said.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), however, said that it was not surprised as "there is hardly any difference between BJP and Congress".
Senior party leader Ashutosh Srivastava said, "I am not surprised by Sheila Dikshit's statement because we have been saying for a long time that there is good understanding between the BJP and the Congress."
"The another reason behind her statement is that there are three FIRs against Sheila Dikshit. And if Aam Aadmi Party forms government... Sheila Dikshit will have no other option but to go to jail. She is desperate to avoid going to jail and she doesn't want investigation to happen and that's why, Congress and BJP are coming together."
(with PTI inputs)

Lenders use stock option bait to retain talentSneha Padiyath |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 10:49 PM IST
Private lenders use stock option bait to retain talent
Time opportune, with market buoyancy and entry of new entities
Leading private sector lenders have stepped up issuance of stock options to ensure retention of needed talent, amid the entry of new entities and overall buoyancy in the financial services segment.
In recent weeks, HDFC Bank, YES Bank, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank have issued equity shares under their employee stock option plan (Esop). The move, analysts said, signals imminent talent churn in the segment. ESOP issuance is common among employers wishing to reward and retain staffers. “Of late, there has been a lot of shuffling in financial services. With return of the bull market, it is increasingly important for employers to hold back employees looking for greener pastures,” said G Chokkalingam, founder of Equinomics Research & Advisory.
The shares of banking and financial services companies have seen a healthy run this year. An appreciation in share price results in greater wealth creation for stock options holders. “Esops are fantastic wealth creators and a huge draw for employees, especially the younger talent these days. As earning loyalty isn’t an easy concept any more, the younger talent needs to be incentivised through such benefits,” said the source mentioned earlier.
Since April, the stock of YES Bank has risen 51 per cent, ICICI Bank’s by 26 per cent and HDFC Bank by 14 per cent. Axis Bank, which exercised a stock-split in July, has risen 43 per cent.
State-owned lenders might also join the Esop issuance route. Recent media reports quoted State Bank of India head Arundhati Bhattacharya as saying it was mulling this. Public sector banks are at a higher risk of losing talent than those privately owned, say analysts
“Increasingly, there is higher pressure on public sector units to improve their performance. Esop issuances work as an incentive and a performance-driven reward for employees of such banks,” said Harshu Ghate, co-founder and head of ESOP Direct, a service provider in the area of equity compensation.
Supply of talent is also likely to come under pressure with the new banking licences issued to the IDFC group and West Bengal-based Bandhan Financial Services. There have already been several mid-level and senior-level exits of employees to join these new institutions.
 Advertisements

Where to go to college if you want the highest starting salary 
The cushiest early-career salaries don't come from the colleges you might expect. (Butch Dill/AP Photo)
If starting salaries were the sole measure of elite universities, U.S. News's most recent college rankings would look very different.
Princeton, Harvard, Yale, and Columbia, the country's top four universities by U.S. News's measure, for one, wouldn't crack the top 10, or 20, or even 30. And the University of Chicago, which tied for fourth place, wouldn't even make it into the top 200.
The top of the list would instead be reserved for elite military and tech schools, which send graduates out into the workforce with some of the country's highest early-career salaries, according to a new report by PayScale , which collected salary data from nearly 1.5 million employees with degrees from over 1,000 different colleges.
Graduates of the United States Naval Academy at Annapolis earn a median annual salary of more than $80,000 over their first five years, the most of any school included in PayScale's report; graduates of Harvey Mudd, a liberal arts college that specializes in mathematics and the physical sciences, earn just under $76,000, the second most; graduates of the United States Military Academy at West Point, earn just over $75,000, the third most; graduates of the California Institute of Technology earn just under $75,000, the fourth most; and graduates of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology earn just over $70,000, the fifth most.
Notice that nowhere to be found are any of the country's prestigious Ivy League schools (because not a single one made the top 25).
Princeton, the best performing of the otherwise elite group, offers its graduates a median starting salary of $60,000, which is good enough to make it the 34th highest in the country; the University of Pennsylvania, the second-best performing Ivy, leads to a median starting salary of $59,300, the 40th highest; Columbia, at $59,200, is 41st; Yale, at $58,500 is 47th; Cornell, at $58,200, is 50th; Harvard, at $57,700, is 53rd; Dartmouth, at $55,500, is 69th; and Brown, at $55,100, is 75th.
Where the nation's more traditional top colleges appear to pay off is in the longer run. A look at median mid-career salaries (those for graduates at least 10 years out of college) tells a fairly different story. Elite liberal arts graduates don't merely tend to see a healthy bump in salary after a decade in the work force—they tend to see the most significant bumps, period.
While many of the military and tech schools that led to high starting salaries also appear to pave the way for hefty later-career earnings, several Ivy League schools and other smaller liberal arts institutions that didn't make it into the first list manage to crack the second. Five of the eight Ivy League schools—Harvard, Yale, Brown, Princeton, and the University of Pennsylvania—are among the top 25 schools in terms of mid-career median salaries. And Colgate, Tufts, Rice, and Carleton, none of which were among the top schools by starting salary, also made the cut.
Where many of the nation's traditionally elite schools really distinguish themselves is in actual, dollar-denominated, salary growth between graduates' early and mid-careers. Graduates from several of the country's top liberal arts institution's, Ivy League or otherwise, see their pay jump substantially from their first years out of school to when they're more than 10 years out.
No school's alumni experience a greater median pay increase than those of Haverford College, which see a more than a $76,000 increase over that period. Meanwhile, graduates of Carleton College, which tend to experience an increase of roughly $74,000, see the second greatest growth, and alumni of Harvard and Brown, which see median increases of just over and just under $60,000, respectively, are seventh and 10th.
While the reasons for the disparities between early and mid-year career pay for U.S. graduates are a bit unclear, it's easy enough to draw a few conclusions. For one, it appears that technical abilities are highly valued among recent graduates, which explains why a student who graduates from an engineering program at California Institute of Technology will likely be better compensated, at least up front, than a Harvard graduate with an English degree. It also seems that those specialized skills offer a comparative salary edge for only a handful of years before that advantage begins to dissipate--and the salary benefits of a holistic, liberal arts education begin to catch up.
Roberto A. Ferdman is a reporter for Wonkblog covering food, economics, immigration and other things. He was previously a staff writer at Quartz.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410433205/1410433205000/1410433205 tracking: {authors=Roberto A. Ferdman, blog_name=wonkblog, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=where-to-go-to-college-if-you-want-the-highest-starting-salary, post_id=100715, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 11:00:05 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 11:00:05 AM

The Coming Recession of 2017reddit
Recessions are notoriously difficult to predict.  Like timing the stock market or predicting next year's weather, the ability to time the next recession is generally held to exceed the limits of human -- or machine -- intelligence.
There are two good reasons economists and portfolio managers rarely try to call the business cycle.  First, the cycle is vulnerable to shocks -- such as wars, weather or new technologies in which chance -- pure dumb luck -- would appear to play the dominant role.  Second, the cycle is hostage to the actions of people, namely central bankers and politicians who can prevent a recession -- or cause one -- by managing or mismanaging the money supply and government spending.
This does not mean, however, that trying to predict the business cycle is fruitless.  Rather, like the weather and stock market it is susceptible to probabilistic analysis.
For example, we know that in the U.S. since 1854 , over the course of 34 expansions, the duration of recoveries -- the period from trough to peak -- has averaged 39 months with a median of 30 months.  In modern times, recessions have been rarer and recoveries longer probably due to improved information, a better understanding of the economy on the part of policymakers and structural changes such as the growth of services and reduction of manufacturing inventories. Since 1961, recoveries have lasted about eight years on average.  The longest recovery on record is the Bush-Clinton era one that ran from 1991 to 2000.  It was followed by a seven-year recovery from 2001 to 2007.  We are currently six years into a recovery from the Great Recession.
If the new norm is eight years, does this mean that our current recovery has two more years to go?  Could it be said of the business cycle as with sports teams or a win or loss that we are due for a recession?
In a world of pure chance, the cards have no memories, nothing is ever due and the past should not prejudice the future.
But in the real world where chance interacts with causality, each passing year does weigh on the next.  In the same way that actuaries predicting lifespan must acknowledge that age will influence years left on earth, the age of a recovery also affects its future.  A person who has lived 70 years has a longer life expectancy than a newborn, but a far lower expected remaining life as a result of the effects of age.  Similarly, we would expect a recovery in its sixth year to have less runway than at its outset.
In the same way that actuaries don't know exactly what may befall a person applying for life insurance but do know that risk rises with age, so any recovery is influenced by its age.  Actuaries can precisely estimate average years remaining for a pool of customers at a certain age and improve their predictive accuracy if they have access to variable such as smoking.  It would certainly be nice to be able to predict the time remaining for a recovery in its sixth year.
But in the case of the business cycle in the United States, there are simply not enough observations to attempt this analysis.  After all, there have only been five recoveries since 1900 that have lasted six years. (For what its worth, the average time remaining was 2.25 years for this tiny group suggesting a recession in 2017.)  It turns out there is one variable however that has repeated itself enough times to produce enough observations to yield statistically significant results. That is the presidential election every four years.
In an election year, there is an obvious disincentive to those in office to have a recession.  However, the year after the election the President has a political incentive to get the recession over with.  And, indeed, this is what the evidence suggests happens -- on average.
Since 1792, a period of 222 years encompassing 54 election cycles, there have been 47 recessions .  A suprising 19 of them have begun during the first year following a presidential election far more than chance would predict.  In contrast, only 9 have occurred in the election year itself, also a statistically significant variation.  This trend grows even stronger if we move forward in time at the expense of observations.
Since 1928, a whopping nine of 14 recessions have begun in the year following a presidential election, far more than then the three that should have occurred randomly.  Since 1969, four of seven (or four of six if one excludes the brief 1980 Carter recession) have occurred in the year following a Presidential election more than twice what chance would predict.
There is a debate among economists about the role played by policymakers in recessions. Rudy Dornbush famously remarked that none of the post-war expansions died in bed of natural causes: they were all murdered by the Fed.  Others attribute some recessions to shocks.  It is also true that in the US, the President cannot tell the Federal Reserve or Congress what to do.  Nonetheless, A fair reading of the data suggests that the general pattern has been for politicians to spend money in an election year and for the Fed to tighten the following year, triggering a recession, giving rise to the pattern observable in the data.
So when will the next recession occur?  The odds say it will occur in 2017 following the next Presidential election.
This analysis does not include confounding variables of which there are certainly many.  But it does suggest that 2017 is a reasonably good guess for the year of the next recession.
More:

Pumpkin Spice Condoms Were Too Good To Be TrueThe plot thickened this morning, when Durex initially tweeted a denial but then deleted it, leading to further confusion. Finally, though, Durex put the rumors to rest: an unnamed company spokesperson told BuzzFeed that Durex would not be coming out with a pumpkin spice condom .
“Durex has heard that people are saying we launched a ‘Pumpkin Spice’ condom," the spokesperson said. "We can’t claim this one, but we do love it when people spice it up in the bedroom."
Even though pumpkin spice condoms proved to be a myth, the Internet still had a field day. Never forget.
the pumpkin spice condom is available in tall, grande, and venti
*high fives self*

China widens antimonopoly probesAugust 6, 2014 3:07 pm
Multinationals fret as China’s antimonopoly probes intensify
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0708fb46-1d5b-11e4-8b03-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obamas ambition at odds with his cautionSeptember 11, 2014 4:48 am
Obama’s bold ambition at odds with strategic caution
By Geoff Dyer in Washington
US president may lack means to achieve goal of ‘destroying’ Isis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b3b50516-3961-11e4-9cce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Miss. panel considers elections changesBy Reid Wilson September 11 at 11:49 AM Follow @postreid
State Sen. Chris McDaniel (R) did not attend Wednesday’s meeting of a panel aimed at fixing Mississippi’s election system. (George Clark/AP)
A panel of academics and community leaders will consider changes to Mississippi’s elections rules and procedures, in hopes of avoiding a repeat of the legal challenges brought after one of the closest contests in state history.
The 51 panel members brought together by Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann (R) will consider whether and how to change the state’s primary system and whether to allow early voting and online voter registration, among other possible changes.
Those changes could clarify rules that generated controversy earlier this year, when state Sen. Chris McDaniel (R) narrowly outpaced Sen. Thad Cochran (R) in the June 3 primary before narrowly losing to Cochran in the June 24 runoff. McDaniel challenged the results of that runoff, alleging that thousands of ineligible voters cast ballots that helped Cochran eke out the win.
His lawsuit remains under consideration by a state court.
The group met for the first time Wednesday to consider the state’s primary system, which is one of the most complex in the country. Voters do not register by party, and state law says voters should only vote in a party primary if they intend to support that party’s nominee later. Federal courts have ruled there is no way to actually enforce it.
John Fitch, an attorney in Hosemann’s office, told panelists the state’s primary system could be called “open, semi-closed … or facially closed,” the Jackson Clarion-Ledger reported .
Closed primaries only allow voters registered with a certain party to cast a ballot. Semi-closed primaries allow unaffiliated voters to choose a party on the day of the primary election. And open primaries allow any voter, whether affiliated or not, to choose any party’s ballot.
The panel will make recommendations to the state legislature, which would have to take up and pass any changes when it meets for session next year. But there is some skepticism about changing election rules: Both the chairmen of the state Democratic and Republican Parties attended the panel’s first meeting on Wednesday, and both were noncommittal about what, if any, changes they would support.
Notably absent from Wednesday’s meeting: The chairman of the state Senate’s Elections Committee, Chris McDaniel.
Reid Wilson covers state politics and policy for the Washington Post's GovBeat blog. He's a former editor in chief of The Hotline, the premier tip sheet on campaigns and elections, and he's a complete political junkie.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=politics, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410450562/1410450562000/1410450562 tracking: {authors=Reid Wilson, blog_name=govbeat, content_category=Politics, in_url_headline=after-close-senate-race-mississippi-considers-elections-changes, post_id=15313, section={section=politics, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 3:49:22 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 3:49:22 PM

Jack Ma   Capital-lite  Model Impress at Alibaba s IPO EventReliance Industries Gas Field Investments Depend on Acceptable Pricing: Niko
Boston: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has two major things going for it as it prepares for an initial public offering that could raise more than $21 billion: founder Jack Ma and a "capital-lite" business model.
While corporate governance remains a concern, several fund managers and analysts said Ma gave an impressive performance during the company's pitch in Boston on Tuesday for what stands to be the largest-ever US technology IPO.
They also said the Chinese e-commerce company's business model features strong cash-flow generation and low capital intensity similar to US Internet stars Facebook Inc and Google Inc.
"He's executed well," said Will Danoff, who runs the $111 billion Contrafund for Fidelity Investments.
Danoff declined to say whether he will invest in Alibaba. But Alibaba has some characteristics of companies that have produced home runs for Danoff's fund. He favors companies tied to the Internet, especially ones operating profitable business models with low capital intensity that enable strong free-cash generation.
"There's a lot of big numbers in there," Danoff said after the Boston event, pointing to Alibaba's thick prospectus.
At the end of July, Contrafund held significant stakes in Google and Facebook, according to fund disclosures from Fidelity.
Large cap stock mutual funds of all styles need more winners this year as they lag the benchmark S&P 500 Index. Large cap funds of all styles are up 8.33 per cent so far this year, trailing the 9.83 per cent advance of the S&P 500, according to Lipper, a Thomson Reuters unit.
Alibaba accounts for about 80 per cent of all online retail sales in China, where rising Internet usage and an expanding middle class helped the company generate gross merchandise volume of $296 billion in the 12 months ended June 30.
Alibaba is seeking to raise more than $21 billion in the IPO, valuing the company at up to $163 billion. The offering is expected to price on September 18 at $60 to $66 per American Depositary Share, according to a notice to brokerage customers from Fidelity.
One major concern among US investors has been a 2010 decision to spin off Alipay to a company Ma controlled.
Ma told about 150 people in Boston that the Alipay decision was the hardest of his life, but it was necessary for the growth of the company. He added that "history will judge," said Adam Grossman, a research analyst for Middleton & Co.
Before the event, Grossman said he had planned not to invest in the IPO because of concerns about Alibaba's corporate governance and ownership structure.
After attending the event, Grossman said he had heard nothing from Ma and other executives to make him change his mind.
Still, he said, "Management is very impressive. Ma tells a great story."
Story first published on: September 10, 2014 10:02 (IST)

In pics: Oscar Pistorius on Judgment Dayprint
Oscar Pistorius, the man who was once a celebrated Olympic and Paralympic athlete, returned to the court on Thursday to hear his fate being meted out by the judicial system. Pistorius went on trail in mid- February last year after he was charged with the murder of his girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp in the early hours of Valentine’s Day.
The judge in the murder trail, Judge Thokozile Masipa, cleared Oscar Pistorius of the murder charges and said he was found not guilty of murder of his girlfriend. The following images capture the various moments from his Judgment Day.
South African Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius arrives for the verdict in his murder trial at the high court in Pretoria. (Reuters/Siphiwe Sibeko)
Oscar Pistorius arrives at the High Court in Pretoria to face judgement over the death of his lover Reeva Steenkamp. (AFP/Gianluigi Guercia)
The paralympian arrives in court for the verdict of his seven-month murder trail before being declared not guily of premediated murder of his girlfriend. (AFP/Gianluigi Guercia)
Oscar Pistorius takes his seat in the dock during the verdict in his murder trial in Pretoria, South Africa. (AFP)
Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius sits in the dock during the verdict of his murder trial for the murder of his model girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in February 2013. (AFP)
Pistorius sits in the dock before the judge begins delivery of verdict of his murder trial. (AFP)
Judge Thokozile Masipa reads notes as she delivers her verdict in the Oscar Pistorius murder trial.(AP/Kim Ludbrook)
South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius stands in the dock during the verdict in his murder trial IN Pretoria, South Africa. (AFP)
Pistorius takes his seat in the dock court in Pretoria, South Africa on September 11, 2014 for judgement in his murder trail. (AP/Phil Magakoe)
Barry Steenkamp, father of Reeva Steenkamp, looks at Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius as he sits in the dock at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria. (Reuters/Phill Magakoe)
Oscar Pistorius yawns while in the dock in court in Pretoria, South Africa on September 11, 2014 for judgement in his murder trail. (AP/Phil Magakoe)
Pistorius cries in the dock during the verdict in his murder trial as he stands trial for the premeditated murder of his model girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in February 2013.
Oscar Pistorius cries in the dock in Pretoria, South Africa, as Judge Thokozile Masipa reads notes and she delivers her verdict in Pistorius' murder trial. (AP/Phil Magakoe)
South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius cries in the dock during the verdict in his murder trial.
Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius reacts during the judgement at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria on September 11, 2014.(Reuters/Phill Magakoe)
An emotional Oscar Pistorius is seen in the dock as judgment is handed down in his murder trial at the High Court in Pretoria. A shaking Pistorius wept as the judge declared him not guilty of premediated murder. (AFP/Phill Magakoe)
The mother of victim Reeva Steenkamp sits next to her husband Barry as she looks at Oscar Pistorius (foreground) when the judge began handing down her verdict on whether he was guilty of the 2013 Valentine's Day murder of his model girlfriend. (AFP/Phill Magakoe)
Pistorius cries as the judge reads out the verdict during his murder trial in Pretoria, South Africa Day 1 of his judgement. (AFP)
The father of defendant Oscar Pistorius, Henke (R), kisses the hand of his daughter Aimee as a judge began handing down her verdict on the paralympian's murder trail. The judge found that Pistorius was not guilty of the premeditated murder of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, dismissing the most serious of charges against him. (AFP/Phill Magakoe)

Magma Fincorp to step up focus on auto loansMagma Fincorp to step up focus on auto loans
G Naga Sridhar
Hyderabad, Sept 11:  
Magma Fincorp Ltd will be increasing its focus on vehicle loans in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana.
"We are targeting 20 per cent growth in the present financial year by increasing our disbursal of loans for cars and tractors,'' Dhrubashish Bhattacharya, Vice-President and Head-Sales, told newspersons here on Thursday.
The company had disbursed Rs 562 crore in the two States during the financial year ended March 31, 2014. It has 24 branches in Andhra and Telangana and would consolidate its business rather than expanding it this year, he added.
The Kolkata-based non-banking finance company had earlier announced that it would raise Rs 500 crore for expansion.
Magma’s scrip was almost flat and was trading at Rs 131.30 on the Bombay Stock Exchange on Thursday.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Opinion: The future of the military depends on re-energizing support for itComments
By Deborah A. Bradbard September 11
Marine Capt. Brian McCarthy, a member of the 26th Marine Expeditionary Unit, reunites with his wife and newborn daughter at Camp Lejeune, N.C., in November 2013 following an eight-month deployment. The writer of this piece says more must be done to support the military if it is going to be able to continue operating with an all-volunteer model. Photo by Lance Cpl. Joshua W. Brown/Marine Corps)
Sept. 11 is a time to reflect. It is a time to grieve, not just for people lost, but also for the sense of security that was once a part of American culture, and is now diminished and transformed into a new normal. The military, 1 percent of American society, holds a unique lens to view these changes, but it is the American civilian community that bears a considerable vested interest in what happens next.
Now is the time to ask: if the all-volunteer force is to be sustained, what will motivate young people to serve in the future? In a soon-to-be-released survey of active-duty service members, veterans and military family members by Blue Star Families, 62 percent of all respondents said they have no confidence in the federal government, and only 23 percent said they would recommend military service to a young person. The non-profit organization supports military families from all ranks and services, and has chapters all over the country.
Veterans surveyed indicated the military-civilian divide, a perception that there is a disconnection between military and civilian communities, was one of their top five concerns. Veterans’ healthcare also was noted as a top national issue by more than half of the survey respondents (51 percent), notable in light of more recent events that have undermined confidence in the very system in place to support veterans and meet their unique needs. That confidence must be restored. In order to do that, veterans’ needs also must be met.
We also must look at what happens to service members and families after military service ends. Blue Star Families’ survey found that both active-duty service members and spouses reported feeling isolated from friends and family, and 30 percent of those persons who reported having trauma symptoms or post-traumatic stress disorder said they did not seek treatment because they did not think it would help.
Contrary to some media stereotypes, most who experienced the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have fared well. They’ve recovered, they’ve transitioned, and they’ve been resilient. Their ultimate transition to veteran status is for the most part smooth — the majority does not suffer from PTSD, they are not violent, and they resume relatively normal lives after their time in service.
Here’s the problem: after nearly 13 years of relentless operations, the military is downsizing. Twenty-seven percent of all military separations are now involuntary. Veterans who served in Iraq and Afghanistan have sustained life-changing injuries or lost friends on the battlefield. These same veterans have observed hard-fought battlefield gains erode, as security conditions degrade in areas of Iraq and Afghanistan.
Yet the needs of the military community remain. Now more than ever, because of downsizing and diminishing resources, it is civilians and civilian communities, not the federal government, who will be called upon to support the needs of military and veteran communities.
Why does this matter?
The pace of military operations has declined but threats around the world have not diminished. The United States will continue to rely on an all-volunteer force. The concept of an all-volunteer military assumes there are willing, competent volunteers, but for that assumption to be met, military service must be perceived as worthwhile. Otherwise, who will volunteer in the future?
The military lifestyle has never been predictable, but these past years have been especially turbulent for service members and their families. The theme of uncertainty extends beyond the battlefield. The military community has received conflicting messages expressed through sequestration, pay cuts, and benefit changes, eroding the military community’s confidence in leadership at all levels.
Sept. 11 is an opportunity for the nation, its leaders, and its citizens to reflect and grieve the events of the past, but to also to consider how we, collectively can re-energize for the purpose of honoring the commitment and service of those who volunteer for military service and their families into the future. The future of the all-volunteer force hangs in the balance.
Deborah A. Bradbard is licensed clinical psychologist and the director of research and policy at Blue Star Families. Results of the 2014 Blue Star Families Military Lifestyle survey will be released Sept. 16 and available at www.bluestarfam.org .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world/national-security, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410433236/1410433236000/1410433236 tracking: {authors=Deborah A. Bradbard, blog_name=checkpoint, content_category=World/national-security, in_url_headline=opinion-on-sept-11-recognizing-that-the-future-of-the-military-depends-on-re-energizing-support-for-it, post_id=4038, section={section=world/national-security, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 11:00:36 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 11:00:36 AM

How would potential 2016 contenders fight the Islamic StateBy Jennifer Rubin September 11 at 11:00 AM Follow @JRubinBlogger
If you had issues with President Obama’s speech , check out the “fact sheet”  put out by the White House. The administration declares: “Foreign terrorist fighters are ISIL’s lifeblood, and a global security threat—with citizens of nearly 80 countries filling its ranks. Over 100 foreign fighters from the United States have traveled or attempted to travel to the conflict. On September 24, the United States will convene an historic Summit-level meeting of the UN Security Council, focused on this issue.” Call a U.N. meeting? Senate candidate Scott Brown and Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) have already proposed stripping American jihadists of citizenship and thereby canceling their passports, but we also must be sober about the communications between Americans and terror groups overseas.
Hillary Clinton and President Obama. (Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
The number of foreign fighters should remind us of the necessity of gathering information about jihadi recruitment as well as plots against the United States or our allies. Efforts to dismantle the National Security Agency data collection program are begging for disaster.
Most disturbing, the administration insists: “We will continue to use the criminal justice system as a critical tool in our counterterrorism toolbox. Federal criminal laws provide a sound basis to prosecute those who provide material support to ISIL or who conspire with ISIL to plot attacks at home or abroad.” No, no, no. The purpose of anti-terror efforts is not to build a case, but to gather intelligence so that we can stop attacks and kill terrorists. We should stop letting jihadists out of the Guantanamo Bay prison, stop Mirandizing terrorists and stop treating terrorists, including American jihadists, as protected by due process (e.g. handcuffing ourselves in the use of drones). This is a sure sign of unseriousness about the war against jihadists.
These issues — as well as the emphatic rejection of ground troops, the assertion that Somalia and Yemen are examples of success and that the Islamic State is neither Islamic nor a state — reflect moral and factual confusion about our enemies. The administration displays a tendency to rewrite the past and misrepresent the present. (While getting drubbed by Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) last night, former press secretary Jay Carney kept insisting that the president could not have left troops in Iraq and that the Free Syrian Army is in better shape now than it was a year or so ago. As McCain said, Carney had his facts wrong.) We can speculate whether that accounts for the half-hearted policies or whether the half-hearted policies force the administration to dissemble, but if candidates are going to run for president to improve upon national security — be more “aggressive” and “decisive,” as Hillary Clinton’s flacks were telling the media — then we should ask if they disagree with these assumptions and the president’s goals that flow from them.
Are we going to continue with the criminal justice mode as the White House would like? If we truly want to be more “aggressive,” we should not Mirandize terrorists, disparage information-gathering or insist on civilian trials for terrorists.
Do they think the Islamic State isn’t Islamic or a state, as Obama suggests? Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), appearing on Fox News last night, commended the president for this “important point.” Does Hillary Clinton agree, or is she willing to recognize that what we are dealing with in all these countries is Islamic jihadism that seeks to eradicate nation states and kill nonbelievers?
What do we do about foreign fighters? Cruz doesn’t want to rely on a U.N. meeting. We should hear from others with presidential ambitions about their game plans.
And, really, are Somalia and Yemen the desired outcome? Again, Cruz thinks this is wacky. Last night on Fox News he explained , “That does not prompt confidence, because in Yemen and Somalia, our approach has been altogether ineffective.” It would seem to be this sort of indecisive, fatalistic attitude (Well, Yemen’s the best we can do!) that Clinton’s spinners say she opposes. So does Clinton take issue with the president’s comparison, which amounts to an admission that we are seeking containment?
Who else wants to rule out military options? This is one fundamental distinction between a conflicted commander in chief and one who wants to convey resolve. Texas Gov. Rick Perry (R) has already said in no uncertain terms that “signaling to your enemy what you are not going to put on the table is very, very bad — both strategic and tactical errors by this administration. We need to have all of our options open”: Are Hillary Clinton, Rand Paul and others in the Perry camp or the Obama camp?
How do we defeat the transnational Islamic State? Obama finally signaled that he would bomb on both sides of the border, but air power alone (take a look at Libya) is rarely sufficient. Obama now wants to aid and train the Free Syrian Army. Just months ago he disparaged them as “former doctors, farmers, pharmacists and so forth” and ridiculed the idea of arming them as a “fantasy.” Clinton says she advocated help for the non-jihadi rebels but was rebuffed by the president. Paul and Cruz don’t want to aid these people, claiming in effect that we are giving help to the jihadi rebels. So how then do they propose to root out Islamists from Syria? 
It is one thing to generically criticize the president, but it is another to spell out what specifically is wrong and what alternatives you would pursue. Clinton didn’t do this in her book, oddly enough. Now, however, it’s time to pin her — and her potential adversaries — down. They need to explain their conception of our foe, set a goal (is it “degrade” or really “destroy”?) and set forth means to achieve that end. Otherwise, how are they any different from Obama?
Jennifer Rubin writes the Right Turn blog for The Post, offering reported opinion from a conservative perspective.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410447629/1410447629000/1410447629 tracking: {authors=Jennifer Rubin, blog_name=right-turn, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=time-to-pin-down-the-potential-2016-contenders-on-how-they-would-fight-the-islamic-state, post_id=28309, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 3:00:29 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 3:00:29 PM

S.C. father accused of killing his children was investigated after abuse allegationsBy Sarah Larimer and J. Freedom du Lac September 11 at 9:54 PM Follow @slarimer Follow @jfdulac
South Carolina sheriff’s detectives believe that Timothy Ray Jones Jr. killed his five children at home “by violent means” about one week before their mother — Jones’ ex-wife — reported them missing.
Jones, 32, was served Thursday with arrest warrants on five counts of murder in connection with the deaths of his children, who were ages 1 through 8, the Lexington County Sheriff’s Department announced in a news release . Jones was transported Thursday from Raleigh, Miss., where he’d been jailed following a traffic stop, back to South Carolina, where he and the children had lived.
Jones at the Lexington County Detention Center in South Carolina. (Lexington County Sheriff’s Department via Reuters)
He is scheduled to appear in court Friday morning, when a Lexington County magistrate will advise Jones about the charges filed against him, sheriff’s officials said.
According to Lexington County Sheriff Lewis McCarty, “arrest warrants allege that Jones willfully and maliciously killed his five children by violent means at his Lexington home.” Jones then removed the bodies from his home, placed them in his Cadillac Escalade and drove to Alabama, where, the arrest warrants allege, he “placed the bodies in individual plastic trash bags and discarded the trash bags in woods.”
The bags were recovered Tuesday afternoon in Alabama, after Jones had been stopped at a Mississippi traffic checkpoint. He eventually led investigators to the children’s remains .
According to the arrest warrants, evidence recovered from the Escalade, combined with “investigative findings and investigative interviews,” confirmed that Jones killed his children.
“Detectives are continuing to investigate the cause of death for Jones’ five children as well as the circumstances of the children’s deaths,” the sheriff’s statement said. Their remains were transported back to South Carolina, and the Lexington County coroner ordered autopsies to be conducted on Thursday, the statement added.
The grim details of the alleged killings were made public one day after the release of case files that showed state social services officials had investigated Jones after receiving allegations of abuse earlier this year.
The South Carolina Department of Social Services received three reports about the children, but none of the investigations that followed ended in their removal from Jones’s home. Jones, officials say, was the children’s primary legal custodian.
The first social services report, for neglect, was received in September 2011. A case worker who visited the Jones home found a messy house, filled with clutter and construction equipment, and told the family that conditions needed to improve.
That case was closed in 2012, and DSS didn’t receive another report until 2014, when Jones was accused of physically abusing his children. That was followed by a second report of abuse a few months later.
“General or specific observations or impressions: Dad appears to be overwhelmed as he is unable to maintain the home,” an Aug. 13 social services case document said, “but the children appear to be clean, groomed and appropriately dressed.”
The file also noted that Jones’s baby suffered from diaper rash and that Jones “was encouraged to take her to the doctor for treatment,” but that “none of the children made any statements of abuse/neglect.”
Jones’s ex-wife reported their children missing Sept. 3 . Authorities didn’t issue an Amber Alert because Jones was the primary caretaker.
“We were trying to balance the children and the investigation against the releasing of information,” McCarty, the sheriff, told reporters as he defended the decision . “I made a promise to these children’s mother that I would bring these children home, and I was not going to go back on that promise.”
“Let it be known that people will come to their own conclusions and as parents, we can understand that decision based on the circumstances,” Jones’s father, Timothy Jones Sr., told reporters, according to the State newspaper . “But please remember that our Little Tim is a very loving father, brother and son.”
Authorities say the 32-year-old has confessed to the killings, according to reports .
Court documents reviewed by the New York Times show that Jones and his wife went through a bitter divorce and that he struggled with abandonment issues.
“When asked his biggest fear, Mr. Jones stated that he did not want to feel abandoned by his wife,” Dr. April M. Hames, a marriage and family therapist, wrote, according to the Times . “He did not want to feel unwanted and ‘tossed away without even knowing it.’”
The Associated Press reported that Jones had a criminal record in Illinois and had served time in prison following his arrest for incidents that included burglary, stealing a car and passing forged checks . Jones’s father confirmed the record, calling it a case of a “typical teenager doing stupid stuff.”
You can read the DSS case file here:
Jones DSS File
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.
J. Freedom du Lac is the editor of The Post's general assignment news desk. He was previously a Local enterprise reporter and, before that, the paper’s pop music critic.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410486890/1410486890000/1410486890 tracking: {authors=Sarah Larimer; J. Freedom du Lac, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=s-c-father-accused-of-killing-his-children-was-investigated-after-abuse-allegations, post_id=11409, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 12, 2014 1:54:50 AM close date: Sep 26, 2014 1:54:50 AM

Russian investors wary of new ceasefireSeptember 11, 2014 9:33 am
Russian investors wary of new ceasefire
By Courtney Weaver in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3314f496-3986-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cabinet clears stake sale in Coal India  ONGC and NHPCNew Delhi, September 10, 2014
Updated: September 11, 2014 00:13 IST
Cabinet clears stake sale in Coal India, ONGC and NHPC
Puja Mehra
financing and stock offering
Paving the way for the Modi Government’s disinvestment programme, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) gave its approval on Wednesday to the sale of stakes in Coal India Limited (CIL), Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) and National Hydroelectric Power Corporation (NHPC).
The Finance Ministry had proposed shares sales of 10 per cent in CIL, 5 per cent in ONGC and 11.36 per cent in NHPC.
The disinvestment proposals are in line with those originally drafted by the UPA Government before the elections.
The Finance Ministry estimates that the 5 per cent disinvestment in ONGC alone will fetch Rs.18,000 crore and the 10 per cent stake sale in CIL will rake in at least Rs.25,000 crore. The stake sales will be completed through Offers for Sales conducted via e-auctions on the stock exchanges.
The government has already selected merchant bankers for managing the disinvestments in ONGC and NHPC, and is in the process for finalising the managers for CIL’s offer for sale.
The UPA government had sold a 5-per cent stake in ONGC in 2012 for Rs.14,000 crore.
State-owned LIC had picked up 95 per cent of the total shares on the block for over Rs.12,000 crore.
It had also approved a proposal for raising 10 per cent additional equity by SAIL through an offer for sale in two separate tranches. The first tranche sale was completed.
The Modi government is expected to go to the markets with the second tranche of 5-per cent stake sale in the steel giant later this month. It is estimated that this sale could garner over Rs.1,600 crore.

Resolving Kashmir issue; imp for world peace...READ MORE ON » Kashmir dispute
 A resolution to the Kashmir dispute is crucial for world peace, a group of cross-party lawmakers stressed today during a debate in the UK Parliament complex.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
LONDON: A resolution to the Kashmir dispute is crucial for world peace, a group of cross-party lawmakers stressed today during a debate in the UK Parliament complex.
"A final resolution to the Kashmir issue is hugely important to world peace. Until the situation is resolved, the potential still exists for India and Pakistan to go to war," said Liberal Democrat MP David Ward, who had secured the debate on the 'Political and Humanitarian Situation in Kashmir' as part of the regular Backbench Business Committee application process in the House of Commons.
The Bradford MP opened the debate in Committee Room 10 with a reference to the "devastating floods which have caused despair to thousands", adding: "We simply cannot escape the British legacy; we have an obligation to take an interest in Kashmir...offering help is far from interfering".
Britain's former minister in charge of business engagement with India, Gregory Barker MP, countered on behalf of the UK government's view.
"There is a democratic process in place and around 61 per cent of the population participated in state elections in the region, which sits as part of the world's largest democracy," he said.
"Any British insertion will be very unhelpful...India has been the subject of vile terrorist attacks and we stand shoulder to shoulder [with India] on the issue of terrorism," he added.
His views were echoed by Labour MP Barry Gardiner, who likened the discussion to the ongoing debate around Scotland's independence from the United Kingdom.
"This is almost akin to the Lok Sabha debating the merits and de-merits of Scottish independence," he said.
Around 13 cross-party MPs, including Labour's shadow finance secretary Shabana Mahmood and Indian-origin Labour MP Virendra Sharma, addressed both sides of the debate calling Kashmir dispute a "threat" to regional and global peace and to give the people "right to self-determination".
Ward, who represents a largely Kashmiri-origin population in his constituency of Bradford, had secured the debate based on a petition by the 'Jammu & Kashmir Self-Determination Movement' which gained thousands of signatures.
It had raised concerns among some groups regarding the timing coinciding with the September 11 US attacks anniversary as well as the focus of the debate.
"A number of British Indian organisations have contacted us expressing concerns on this Kashmir debate development in the House of Commons at this time because they fear that it could be used as an India/Indian bashing opportunity," said the British Hindu Voice in an appeal to MPs.
The British Parliament's Backbench Business Committee meets weekly to consider requests for debates from any backbench MPs on any subject, including those raised in e-petitions or national campaigns.
These debates are held in a chamber within the House of Commons complex and aimed at lobbying UK government on specific issues.

Lucchini receives binding offer from JSW SteelLucchini receives binding offer from JSW Steel
By Reuters | 11 Sep, 2014, 09.03PM IST
The company has also signed a preliminary contract for the sale of its Trieste plant to Italian steel producer Arvedi, it said in a statement.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
LONDON: Italian steelmaker Lucchini said on Thursday that it has received a binding offer from JSW Steel for its core Piombino assets and it was examining the offer.
The company has also signed a preliminary contract for the sale of its Trieste plant to Italian steel producer Arvedi , it said in a statement.
For its Lecco plant, Lucchini has extended a deadline to privately owned European steel producers Duferco and Feralpi to make a binding offer until Oct. 15.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

