Kevork Djansezian / Getty Images
Faulty Takata Air Bags May Not Be Replaced for Months
Market valuation of BSE listed cos nears Rs 100 lakh crore markFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
As the benchmark BSE Sensex is witnessing a dream-rally, the total market valuation of BSE-listed companies has inched closer to the Rs 100 lakh crore mark.
At present, the total market capitalisation (m-cap) of BSE-listed companies stands at Rs 97,13,196 crore which is just Rs 2.86 lakh short of the Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
In terms of the US dollar, the total market valuation of BSE-listed companies has surged to USD 1.58 trillion at the current rupee rate of 61.41 against the Greenback.
India had first entered the trillion-dollar club in June 2007, but moved out in September 2008 after a global meltdown.
It again got back into the elite league in May 2009 and largely remained there except for some brief time, including once in 2012.
In August 2013, it had again slipped out of the list.
The Sensex has gained 6,745.2 points, or 31.86 per cent, so far this year. The index had hit its all-time high of 28,010.39 yesterday.
Experts said expectations of more reforms by the Narendra Modi-led government and a rate cut by the RBI has helped markets scale new heights.
The Sensex blue-chips whose market valuation is more than Rs 1 lakh crore include TCS, ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, HDFC Bank,
Coal India, SBI, ICICI Bank, Sun Pharma, HDFC, HUL, L&T, Bharti Airtel, Tata Motors, Wipro, NTPC, HCL Tech and Axis Bank.
Outsourcing giant TCS is the most valued Indian company with a market cap of Rs 5,09,435.77 crore.
Marketmen said Indian markets are also making merry, helped by smart foreign fund inflows.
Since the beginning of this year, overseas investors have infused a net amount of Rs 82,266 crore (USD 13.7 billion) into the equities, while they invested a net of Rs 1.36 lakh crore into the debt market (USD 22.5 billion) taking the total to Rs 2.18 lakh crore (USD 36 billion).

A Man Will Be Eaten Alive On TVreddit
In what just might be the most bizarre concept for a reality TV show ever, a man will be eaten alive by an anaconda .
Called, appropriately enough, " Eaten Alive ," the Dec. 7 special features filmmaker Paul Rosolie being covered in pig blood and then swallowed by the snake , according to Entertainment Weekly.
Promo clips such as the one above show Rosolie putting on a special, and presumably protective, suit.
"You have to go head first," Rosolie says in one of the clips.
He's also tethered to something as he approaches the snake. Since the show has already been filmed and Rosolie has been active on Twitter , it's a safe bet that he is pulled back out again.
But some viewers are concerned about the fate of the snake, and are already protesting the show. There's even a petition on Change.org calling on Discovery to pull the plug.
" This is animal abuse to the highest degree and absolutely disgusting, and could kill the snake ," the petition reads. "An adult green anaconda cannot fit the width of an adult man's shoulders into it's body."
Rosolie defended himself and the show.
" I understand that many people have questions ," Rosolie wrote on his website. "All I can tell you now is that all my work is based around the fact that wildlife and ecosystems today, across the globe, are at a critical moment."
He said snakes are being threatened by hunting and habitat destruction.
"For those worried about animal cruelty, I invite you to research my work -- read my book ," Rosolie added. "Then ask yourself: would this person ever hurt an animal?"
More:

Shiv Sena demands one more Union Cabinet berthYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Shiv Sena demands one more Union Cabinet berth
Krishna Kumar, ET Bureau Nov 7, 2014, 08.30AM IST
Tags:
Atal Bihari Vajpayee
(A Sena leader said that if…)
MUMBAI: Whether the Shiv Sena would be part of the BJP government in Maharashtra may be decided on Sunday when Narendra Modi expands his Union Cabinet.
The Sena has demanded that it be given one more Cabinet berth for its nominee. A Sena leader said that if BJP would not agree to its demand, then there was no point in joining the BJP government in Maharashtra.
The Sena demand comes after BJP rejected its claim for a deputy chief minister in Maharashtra.
With Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis ruling out the possibility of Sena ministers being accommodated before the vote of confidence, the Sena now wants BJP to show its 'commitment to the alliance' by inducting at least one more Sena minister in the Modi Cabinet.
"When Uddhav decided to come for the swearing in on the call of BJP leaders, the understanding was that our MLAs would be sworn in before Fadnavis wins the vote of confidence. However, BJP has ruled it out. So effectively it wants us to support it in the vote of confidence without even telling us what portfolios we would be given. If BJP is serious in our support in Maharashtra, we need a Cabinet berth at the Centre," said a Sena leader.
According to a Sena source, the party has decided that it won't wait after Sunday. If the party is not given a good Union Cabinet berth, then it might announce the name of the Opposition Leader in Maharashtra. Uddhav held a meeting of top Sena leaders on Thursday, where it was decided that the party would wait till the Union Cabinet expansion on Sunday.
The overwhelming feeling in the Sena was that BJP was bent on humiliating it and Sena should sit in the opposition. "It is unfortunate that our leadership is taking such humiliation lying down. We should sit in the opposition," said a Sena leader. Among the perceived humiliation is the reported news of former Sena MP Suresh Prabhu being given a ministerial berth at the Centre. Prabhu, a former Power Minister during Atal Bihari Vajpayee's tenure, had fallen out with the Sena leadership and was asked to quit the Vajpayee government.
The Sena, however , is aware that under changed circumstances it is helpless to prevent Prabhu's entry into the government.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena skips Narendra Modis cabinet expansionThe Shiv Sena is likely to formalise its divorce from the BJP in the meeting of party legislators. (Source: IE archive)
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 9, 2014 2:31 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 4:21 pm
In a breakdown of its relationship with the BJP, the Shiv Sena did not take part in the cabinet expansion of the Narendra Modi government and is likely to take a decision of sitting in the opposition in the Maharashtra Assembly.
“We are not taking part in the cabinet expansion. A decision on our relationship with the BJP will not be taken by our party president,” Shiv Sena MP Anandrao Adsul said.
The party has also decided to call back Anil Desai who had been leading the Sena’s negotiations and was also likely to be included as a Minister of State in the central government.
“The BJP has humiliated us. There is tremendous anger in our cadre over the treatment meted out to us,” a senior Shiv Sena leader said.
The BJP has meanwhile inducted Suresh Prabhu as a minister much to the chagrin of the Sena which had been opposed to his induction as he is not an active member of the party.
The Sena had been keen that it would not commit itself to being a part of the Central Cabinet expansion plans until the BJP cleared the power-sharing agreement in Maharashtra.
The Shiv Sena is likely to formalise its divorce from the BJP in the meeting of party legislators who will be meeting in Mumbai to elect leader of the Legislature Party.
The BJP has however kept the Shiv Sena on tenterhooks by refusing to expand the Maharashtra cabinet before it wins the vote of confidence. A special session in which Legislators will be sworn in the vote of confidence will be held on Monday.

Suresh Prabhu returns to the CabinetPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 2:24 pm
A qualified Chartered Accountant, Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu returns to the Union Cabinet after having served in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government during when he won kudos for imparting a new dynamism to the functioning of the Power Ministry.
That the 61-year-old banker-politician from coastal Konkan was in good books of the Narendra Modi regime became evident after he was appointed head of a government panel on power revamp called Advisory Group for Integrated Development of Power, Coal and Renewable Energy.
Prabhu was also appointed as Modi’s ‘sherpa’ to assist the Prime Minister at the upcoming G20 summit in Brisbane.
There were reports in Maharashtra political circles that Modi wanted him at the Centre despite the logjam in ties between the two former allies Shiv Sena and BJP ahead of last month’s Assembly elections in Maharashtra.
Prabhu has represented the Rajapur Lok Sabha constituency in Konkan four times, from 1996 to 2009. He lost his seat in the 2009 general election. This is the same constituency which late Janata Party leader Madhu Dandavate had represented.
Prabhu’s decision to call of his visit to Wharton School as a mark of protest against the cancellation of Modi’s keynote address at the Wharton India Economic Forum 2013 won him admirers.
During Vajpayee’s tenure from 1998 to 2004, Prabhu was Industry Minister, Minister of Environment and Forests, Minister of Fertilizers & Chemicals, Power, Heavy Industry and Public Enterprises.
His efforts to streamline the functioning of the Power Ministry were appreciated and he tried to ensure the all round development of this crucial sector.
Prabhu was also Chairman of Task Force for Interlinking of Rivers.
He was elected a member of the World Bank parliamentary network and nominated as the Chairman of the South Asia Water conference.

Nadda  a master strategist gets his reward  enters Union CabinetPrint
Bharatiya Janata Party leaders Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi (C), Ram Kirpal Yadav and JP Nadda after a breakfast meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at his residence before their induction into the Cabinet (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 2:11 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 9:12 pm
A master-strategist and a trusted lieutenant of Prime Minister Narendra Modi as well as BJP President Amit Shah, Jagat Prakash Nadda’s entry into the Government is a vindication of his efficiency and dependability who prefers to work behind the scenes.
A prominent student leader during his college days, mild-mannered Nadda, 53, known as a tough task master, was a strong contender for the post of BJP President but extended full support to Shah after losing out on the race earlier this year.
Nadda is seen as a member of the most powerful troika along with Modi and Shah. He is known to be part of all major decision making processes in the party and is likely to be the bridge between the party and the government.
He also enjoys support from the RSS and has good equations with all prominent leaders of the BJP.
Born on December 2, 1960 in Patna, Nadda has emerged as a very strong political figure from Himachal Pradesh in the last few years where he was an MLA before entering the Rajya Sabha.
Nadda was involved in student politics and became the active member of ABVP. He won the polls to become Secretary of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad in Patna University in 1977. He had served ABVP for nearly 13 years from 1977-1990 and held various key positions.
At the age of 31, Nadda had become National President of BJP Yuva Morcha in 1991. He has been BJP’s National General Secretary since May 2010.
His involvement with BJP from that young age has made him realize the importance of training at the grass root level. He also takes personality development and time management workshops for the party workers.
Nadda was member of Himachal Legislative Assembly from 1993-98, 1998-2003 and 2007-2012.
He served as Health Minister in the state from 1998-2003 and from 2008-2010, Minister of Forest and Environment, Science and Technology.
In April 2012, he was elected to Rajya Sabha and has been member of various Parliamentary Committees.
Nadda was inspired by the JP Movement and joined students politics. His father was a Vice Chancellor  in Patna University.
He spent his youth in Bihar before moving to Himachal Pradesh.

Adil Hussain plans to direct Assamese filmThe actor is busy promoting his film "Zed Plus", a socio-political satire on existing polity.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 9, 2014 1:46 pm
Versatile and critically acclaimed actor Adil Hussain is set to wield the megaphone with an Assamese film, about a man and elephant. But he doesn’t like to be called a director.
“I’m thinking of making an Assamese film yes, I found a script writer. Direction is not the right word…I am collaborating with the cinematographers and other members of the team. The word ‘director’ carries so much of arrogance, so I don’t feel like using it …its similar to dictator,” Adil told IANS.
The film is inspired by a story that the actor read 20 years ago.
“It stayed with me. I thought let’s go ahead with…it (the film) needs lots of preparations and money. We luckily have the money in place, the script needs a lot of time” he said, adding that the movie will narrate a “sensitive story about an elephant and a man”.
Meanwhile, the actor is busy promoting his film “Zed Plus”, a socio-political satire on existing polity.
The film is an uncommon story of a common man.
Talking about the ‘common man’, Adil said: “Common man is a man who believes is simple life. He has the ability to support the entire society. Common man is so uncommon in so many ways. They have small dreams and small wishes in life.”
“Zed Plus” also features Mona Singh, Mukesh Tiwari and Sanjay Mishra. Directed by Chandraprakash Dwivedi, the movie will release Nov 28.

India and the Middle East: Finding a New BalanceUnion Home Minister Rajnath Singh during a meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at Tel Aviv in Israel on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Written by C Raja Mohan | Posted: November 9, 2014 1:44 pm
Last week saw the unfolding of a more balanced policy towards the Middle East under the government of Narendra Modi. Home Minister Rajnath Singh was in Tel Aviv in a demonstration of India’s new warmth towards Israel. Meanwhile in Delhi, the Ministry of External Affairs unveiled an effort to intensify the engagement with the Arab world.
Conservatives in India’s foreign policy establishment might find the new approach to the region somewhat disconcerting. Realists, however, would say the the government of Narendra Modi is bringing pragmatism and transparency to India’s Middle East policy. About time.
Consider, in contrast, UPA government’s self-defeating policies towards the region. Yielding to domestic political considerations, the Congress leadership sought to limit political engagement with Israel and undermined the new political consensus on Israel that had emerged under Prime Ministers P.V. Narasimha Rao and Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
The former established full diplomatic relations with Israel and the latter instituted high level political engagement with the Jewish nation. During those years, chief ministers representing various political hues traveled ot Israel. Among those was Jyoti Basu of West Bengal, arguably the tallest communist leader India had produced.
But the Congress President Sonia Gandhi, under pressure from Prakash Karat of CPM, frowned upon the relationship with Israel. Fortunately, the UPA government did not scuttle the security cooperation that had developed in the previous decade.
The UPA government’s schizophrenia made India’s relationship with Israel look clandestine. Cynics in Israel would point out that Delhi was treating Tel Aviv as a “mistress”–engage in private but refuse to be seen with in public.
The Modi government is having none of that. It has renewed open and transparent engagement with Israel. Overruling opposition in the foreign policy establishment, Modi met the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on the margins of the United Nations, during his visit to the United States in September.
This has been followed by the visit of the Israeli National Security Adviser to Delhi last month and home minister Singh’s trip to Tel Aviv last week. The two sides have agreed to intensify bilateral security cooperation.
Israel’s elder statesman Shimon Peres, was in Delhi to renew contact with the Indian political leadership. He met Modi as well as Sonia Gandhi. If all goes well, Modi could soon visit Israel and become the first Indian Prime Minister to do so.
It is tempting to see the Modi’s government’s outreach to Israel through an ideological lens. There is no denying the special warmth for Israel within the Hindutva parivar. But the record of the BJP in power, has been anything but ideological.
While expanded the partnership with Israel, Vajpayee devoted special attention to the pursuit of India’s vital interests in the Middle East. The NDA government has begun to do the same.
Modi is acutely conscious of India’s expansive stakes in the Arab Gulf–as the principal external source of India’s continued…

I am highly critical about myself: Harshad ChopraHarshad says the self-imposed hiatus, owing to his mother's poor health, did not bother him because he is not an insecure actor.
By: Press Trust of India | New Dellhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 1:43 pm
Actor Harshad Chopra, who is currently seen on TV show ‘Humsafars’, says he is very critical about his work and is never satisfied with himself.
Though Harshad is said to be one of the most popular actors on the small screen, the 31-year-old star always finds faults in his performances.
“I rarely like my own work and am critical about my performances. I am not satisfied with my work. Whenever I watch my shows, I feel I could have done better in so many scenes. In fact when I see ‘Humsafars’, I feel I lack consistency right now. There are scenes where I am good and then there are moments where I am not completely into the scene. I judge myself a lot,” Harshad told PTI.
The actor says he feels lucky to be a part of ‘Humsafars’, which airs on Sony, as his character in the show is well-etched and hopes to do justice to it.
“I am hoping after a few episodes I will be totally into the groove like it happens with other actors. It is the initial period so there is some inconsistency,” he said.
Harshad, who has made comeback on TV after two years with the romantic drama, feels nervous about audiences reaction as he has prepared a lot for the role.
“When you work hard, you are more nervous because you know this is the best I can do, this is my best attempt. So, I am feeling anxious. I have worked a lot on my voice modulation for the character because I wanted it to be perfect. In my previous shows, I have had flaws in voice modulation but this time I wanted it to be right,” the ‘Saubhagyavati Bhava’ star said.
Harshad says the self-imposed hiatus, owing to his mother’s poor health, did not bother him because he is not an insecure actor.
“I willingly took a break. I never felt insecure that other actors might get ahead of me in that time or I might lose on good projects because my mind was totally into my personal problem. So it did not matter to me that I was away for two years. I was being offered shows so I did not feel out of demand,” he said.

Behind-the-scenes: Shraddha  Varun on the sets of ABCD 2entertainment
Behind-the-scenes: Shraddha, Varun on the sets of ‘ABCD 2’
Shraddha Kapoor and Varun Dhawan were spotted shooting for Remo D'Souza's upcoming 'Any Body Can Dance 2' in Mumbai. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The duo will be seen sharing screen space for the first time in the dance flick. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Varun, who is a big dance enthusiast, was dressed in casuals on the sets. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Choreographer and director Remo D'Souza looks happy with the way the film is turning out. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Shraddha Kapoor, who was last seen in ‘Haider’, gets her hair done. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Bollywood hunk Varun was see sporting a stud in his ear. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The actor was last seen in ‘Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania’. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Varun will also be seen in action flick ‘Badlapur’, which will release next year. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
The hunk was recently in the news for his supposed engagement, blurted out by Lisa Haydon. (Source: Varinder Chawla)
Related

Indo-American Niraj Antani at 23 becomes one of the youngest lawmakers in the USIndian American
(Antani, for his part, will…)
In 2012, during Republican candidate Mitt Romney's presidential campaign, a 21-year-old Indian-American political science student at Ohio State University interned for Scott Jennings, the Ohio state director and senior adviser to the campaign.
Two years later, Niraj Antani has himself been elected to the Ohio House of Representatives, becoming one of the youngest state lawmakers in the US.
Antani attributes his victory to working harder than his opponents and talking about issues that the voters care about. "I believe we have real problems facing our state and that they must be addressed. We must work to create jobs and opportunity for all," he told ET Magazine in an email interview from his home in Miamisburg, Ohio.
Antani, who will be a new face in the Ohio state house next year, won from the house district 42 in southern Montgomery County, defeating his 62-year old Democrat opponent Patrick Morris. This was after winning the Republican Party's nomination for the seat over four candidates, all older than him, when their incumbent died earlier this year.
The 23-year-old doesn't see his youth as a disadvantage in politics. In fact, for him it's an enabler. "It is an advantage. I bring new ideas to the government, new approaches to problem-solving. Some may think I'm too young, but I believe my generation deserves a voice," he says.
Republican and Proud
His parents immigrated to America in 1978 and his mother Kokila has been supportive of his campaign. His father Jaimini — who died in 2010 — worked for tech major Hewlett-Packard for 35 years. "My parents immigrated from India; I was born here. The American Dream, for me, means that anyone who works hard can achieve their dreams," he says.
Dalip Singh Saund, the first Indian American member of the United States House of Representatives from 1957 to 1963, was a Democrat; historically Indians and other immigrant communities have been drawn to the Democratic Party.
However, for the next generation the trend is changing with many young Indian Americans being drawn to the resurgent Republican Party, feels Antani.
"Indian Americans have a conservative culture and are conservative fiscally. I hope more Indian Americans get involved in politics," he says, having connected with the community in his district in a big way during his campaign. "They were very supportive," he adds. Antani will become the second Indian American member of the Ohio state house after Jay Goyal, a Democrat, who was a member for three terms from 2007 to 2013.
 
Changing Trends
Sanjay Puri, chairman of US India Political Action Committee, a bipartisan organization that supports all Indian American community members running for various public offices in the US, is upbeat about the success of various community members in the elections.
"It is an endorsement of the trend that second- and third-generation Indian Americans are now looking beyond traditional fields like medicine and engineering that their parents and grandparents looked at and now feel confident in public life and are participating in large numbers," he says.
Puri adds that there were some excellent Indian-American candidates in the current US elections, though some may have lost because of the Republican wave or an entrenched incumbent.
"Indian Americans originally settled down on the two coasts — California and New York [both Democratic strongholds] — and were inclined towards supporting the Democrats. But things will change if the Republicans do a proactive outreach towards the community since Indian Americans are fiscally conservative and socially liberal," adds Puri.
Significantly, the most high-profile victory for the Indian American community in the just-concluded US election was of Nikki Haley — the Republican governor of South Carolina, who won a second consecutive term.
Antani, for his part, will focus on creating jobs and opportunity for all in his district as a freshly minted lawmaker — and at the same time continue with his legal education at the University of Dayton.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FM Jaitley vows to amend land Act  promises non-aggressive tax policyArun Jaitley
(Jaitley said that the "obstacles"…)
NEW DELHI: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the government will amend the tough land acquisition law even if the opposition does not support as it looks to restore confidence in the economy.
On a day when Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expanding his Cabinet, Jaitley promised a rational, non ultra-aggressive tax policy and make India a global manufacturing hub.
"Some changes may be necessary (to the Land Acquisition Act). We will first try to reach a consensus and if that is not possible we will go ahead and take the decision," he said addressing India Global Forum meeting here.
The Land Acquisition Bill, which was passed during the previous UPA regime with then opposition BJP supporting it, seeks to set a fair compensation for farm land being taken over for industrial projects. But the law has made land acquisition very difficult, slowing projects.
States too have come out openly against the law saying it had hurt the process of acquiring land for infrastructure projects.
Jaitley said that the "obstacles" to the land laws would have to be first removed in order to implement the concept of smart cities in India.
In Budget 2014-15, Jaitley had proposed an allocation of Rs 7,060 crore for developing 100 'smart cities' in the country.
The Rural Development Ministry has already suggested a number of amendments to the Land Acquisition Act that will water down provisions such as mandatory consent of at least 70 per cent locals for acquiring land for PPP projects, and 80 per cent for private projects.
Jaitley also said that the government's disinvestment programme will "unfold" in the next couple of days. He added that the government aims to bring down its equity in public sector banks to 52 per cent.
"Economy was and is in a challenging situation and one of the principal challenges before us is to restore the confidence in the Indian economy, to expand economic activity and move towards increasing the growth rate," he said.
Stating that growth rate next year will be "a little better", he said if the trend continues, India can be on high growth trajectory soon.
"We have seen the challenges before the economy. So, a reasonable and rational tax policy (is needed). It can't be ultra aggressive with the tax payers," the Minister said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SBI says associates don t need fresh capital...You are here: Home > Collections
SBI says associates don't need fresh capital this year
PTI Nov 9, 2014, 12.47PM IST
Tags:
Basel-III
(He, however, added that…)
MUMBAI: The five associate banks of SBI do not require any additional capital infusion this fiscal as the credit growth is tepid, a top official said.
He, however, added that the associate banks collectively need up to Rs 30,000 crore in capital over the next five years as they gear up for the higher capital Basel-III regime.
"As of now, we are comfortable in terms of capital. No plans of raising funds as of now. There is no credit growth in the market," State Bank of India (SBI) Managing Director and Group Executive for Associates and Subsidiaries V G Kannan told reporters here over the weekend.
He said that the five associates -- State Bank of Mysore , State Bank of Patiala , State Bank of Travancore, State Bank of Hyderabad and State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur-- collectively need up to Rs 30,000 crore in capital over the next five years as they gear up for the higher capital Basel-III regime.
However, Kannan declined to comment about old speculation that associate banks would be merged with the main parent bank State Bank of India (SBI).
He said that bond markets and money markets have factored in a rate cut from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) already and are moving accordingly at present.
"There's a lot of liquidity in the system and market feels that inflation has also appears to be benign. So bond markets have factored in an interest rate cut. Deposit rates are coming down. Rates on commercial papers have come down," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Union Cabinet reshuffle at 1 PM on November 9You are here: Home > Collections
Union Cabinet reshuffle at 1 PM on November 9
PTI Nov 7, 2014, 03.55PM IST
Tags:
General Elections
(This will be the first expansion…)
NEW DELHI: Five months into office, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will expand and reshuffle his Council of Ministers on Sunday, bringing in new faces and is likely to drop a few.
Calls were being made to prospective entrants from the Prime Minister's Office, informing them about their induction and a pre-swearing-in tea with the Prime Minister on Sunday morning.
Among those who are believed to have received such calls are controversial BJP MP from Bihar Giriraj Singh, former RJD leader Ram Kripal Yadav, who won from Patna on BJP ticket, MP from Maharashtra Hansraj Ahir, and MP from Hoshiarpur in Punjab Vijay Sampla.
Some newcomers could also be from allies Shiv Sena and TDP. Some Ministers of State are also expected to be promoted to Cabinet rank as a reward for their performance.
The swearing-in of the new ministers will take place at 1 PM on Sunday at the Rashtrapati Bhavan, official sources said here today. Power Minister Piyush Goyal also told an economic gathering that the reshuffle will take place on Sunday.
Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar is a certain induction into the Council of Ministers with Defence Ministry likely to be given to him.
Arun Jaitley, who holds the portfolios of Finance and Defence, also gave a clear indication at a function here that from Sunday he may cease to hold the Defence portfolio.
The other names doing the rounds include former minister Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi and new faces Jayant Sinha, son of former Union minister Yashwant Sinha, Jat leader from Haryana Birender Singh and Col Sonaram Chaudhary and Gajendra Singh Shekhawat, both of Rajasthan.
From the allies, the likely names are Y S Chowdhary or Ram Mohan Naidu, son of late union minister K Yerran Naidu, of TDP. The name of Rajya Sabha member Anil Desai of Shiv Sena is also doing the rounds but his inclusion may depend on sorting out of issues between BJP and Shiv Sena in Maharashtra.
Former union minister Suresh Prabhu, who is the Prime Minister's sherpa for G-20 Summit, is widely being speculated to be made the head of a new body that will replace the Planning Commission. In that capacity, he may get Cabinet rank status.
The strength of the ministry now stands at 45 -- 23 of the level of Cabinet, including the prime minister, 22 of the Minister of State rank and 10 MoS with Independent charge of their ministries.
More than six ministers are currently holding more than one portfolio.
Road Transport and Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari also holds the charge of Rural Development Ministry, while Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad also has the charge of IT and Communications Ministry.
Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar has I&B ministry as an additional charge. He also is MoS for Parliamentary Affairs. Piyush Goyal has Power, Coal and Mines.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister Venkaiah Naidu also has Urban Development while Nirmala Sitharaman, MoS in Finance Ministry, also has independent charge of Commerce.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sadananda Gowda may lose railways  BJP firm on Suresh PrabhuSadananda Gowda may lose railways, BJP firm on Suresh Prabhu whatever Uddhav Thackeray’s stand
By Sowmya Aji, ET Bureau | 9 Nov, 2014, 01.42AM IST
0
Share More
The change of leadership of the critical infrastructure ministry was under consideration in view of PM Modi's anxiety to tone up functioning of the govt's largest enterprise.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BENGALURU: DV Sadananda Gowda, railways minister at the time of going to press, is being advised to wear tantras (magical threads to ward off evil), appeal to the bhoothas (spirits) and conduct yagnas to destroy enemies and the influence of the troubling Rahu on his horoscope. He has reportedly been told that he must at least pay a visit to Vaishno Devi in Jammu or gift an elephant to the Taliperumba temple in Kerala like his party colleague BS Yeddyurappa often does.
From all perceptions, his 'stars' that propelled him on a dizzying rise, from being an obscure lawyer in Dakshina Kannada to the chief minister of Karnataka and now the coveted railways portfolio in the Narendra Modi ministry, have been on an equally rapid decline. His phones were tapped by the Bengaluru police after his son Karthik got embroiled in a scandal with a local small-time actress called Maithreya Gowda.
Then, an old case against Gowda — of illegally obtaining a Bengaluru Development Authority site and constructing a commercial complex — has been raked up. So perhaps, the 'stars' and the 'fates' have conspired enough, for the political circles in Karnataka are abuzz that Sadananda Gowda is most likely to be dropped from the Modi Cabinet or at least shunted to a less-visible portfolio.
The BJP sources said if Modi does not do this, he will not have any defence left to keep Yeddyurappa out of his cabinet. If Modi has to maintain his 'clean' image and keep the growling Yeddyurappa out of his Cabinet, he may have no option but to act against Sadananda Gowda

MFL draws up alternative planUpdated: November 8, 2014 20:04 IST
MFL draws up alternative plan
N. Anand
company information
Madras Fertilizers Ltd (MFL) has devised a new strategy to produce NPK complex fertilizer to sustain in the market, following the stoppage of urea production at its Manali unit since October.
The new plan to offset the revenue losses, includes producing NPK complex fertilizer, trading organic manure, marketing neem-based pesticides, granulated mixtures and bio-fertilizers.
According to a company official, the company might end the year with a total production of 2.2 lakh tonnes of fertilizers against the target of 4.5 lakh tonnes. “Since Friday, we have started producing NPK complex fertilizer that would net a margin of Rs.2,000 per tonne amounting to Rs.44 crore. We will refurbish the plant to increase the annual production capacity to 7.5 lakh tonnes next year that would fetch Rs.150 crore. With this, we will be able to wipe out the negative net worth of over Rs.200 crore.”
The official said, MFL had been trading manure in the last three years, and this year it had decided to trade 10 tonnes. This was expected to yield a margin of Rs.1.10 crore. Trading of neem-based pesticides would fetch an additional Rs.2.50 crore.
The BIFR-referred company had a negative net worth of Rs.206 crore as of March 31, 2014. It was depending largely on urea production to wipe out the losses within two years. However, urea production was suspended as Centre stopped extending subsidy from October 8.
Besides MFL, two other units in South – Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers and SPIC, Tuticorin – stopped producing urea for the last one month. This led to production as well as revenue loss to these firms.
Logistics park
MFL is confident of awarding the Logistics Park contract to the successful bidder before March 2015. The bidder has to make a one-time upfront payment of Rs.66.66 crore. It would further help the cash-strapped firm, he said.
“Meanwhile, we have urged the Centre to allow production of urea using naphtha as feedstock till gas connectivity is provided to us. We are expecting a favourable reply,” he said.

Essel arm brings down T&D losses by 50 % in NagpurUpdated: November 8, 2014 19:50 IST
Essel arm brings down T&D losses by 50 % in Nagpur
Lalatendu Mishra
Tweet
Essel group’s SND Ltd. (SNDL), the distribution franchisee (DF) of the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd. (MSEDCL) for three circles in Nagpur, has managed to cut electricity T&D (transmission and distribution) losses by 50 per cent in a record 24 months, top company officials said.
“When we took over in May, 2011, the T&D loss in these three circles was 32 per cent, and we have brought it down to 16 per cent in just 24 months. This makes us one of the best power distribution franchisees in India. Our target is to bring it down to 12 per cent,” said Sonal Khurana, Business Head, SNDL Nagpur, which is a special purpose vehicle (SPV) of Essel Utilities Distribution Company Ltd. (EUDCL), a member of Subhash Chandra-led Essal group.
He said in the last three and half years, the company, which was appointed DF to bring efficiency in power distribution and cut down losses, has accomplished the task by ensuring round the clock power supply and in fact adding 22 per cent more customers in these years.
Tighter control on operations, investment to upgrade the infrastructure, superior customer service and vigilance drives to prevent electricity thefts have helped the company achieve its objectives.
By the end of this financial year, the company will have a total capital expenditure of Rs.264 crore in the circles to upgrade infrastructure and in laying anti-theft power cables as well as in installing digital metres. It plans to invest another Rs.100 crore in the coming financial year, the company said.
The T&D losses were controlled and collections improved through deployment of a well planned strategy, officials said, adding that these included energy audit, identification of losses, planning and proper execution. The company’s vigilance department had helped enormously in identification of electricity theft and hooking areas, thereby initiating action to improve billing. The company had also set up a call centre to attend to consumer grievances promptly thereby getting acceptability.
In the past years, the company has added three sub-stations, 300 transformers and laid 300 km of air bunched cables in theft prone areas and these helped in meeting targets.
EUDCL is engaged in improving ageing public utility infrastructure into smart utilities by investing in the assets and deploying global best practices. Apart from Nagpur, EDDCL’s SPVs are managing power distribution in Sagar and Ujjain in Madhya Pradesh as well as Muzaffarpur in Bihar, and will soon start distribution in Gwailor. It is also into water distribution.
(This correspondent was in Nagpur at the invitation of the company)

Weight and watch: The fat joke is on youprint
Have you ever noticed that the world is not very kind to people of size? In fact, in India, if you happen to be adipose enhanced, oh okay, fat, then people feel compelled to rub your nose in it.
It happens to me all the time. And it starts with my mother from whom I have spent most of my adult life hiding. It all starts with the innocuous phone call on Sundays and that that loaded question, 'have you lost any weight?' I normally tell the truth, but once I lied and said I was a few kilos lighter. "But you sound fat," said the mater, leaving me trembling at the thought that my mother of all the people in the world had developed the extra sensory perception that enabled her to add up kilos over the telephone line.
Then there is the well meaning colleague you meet after some years. "You have put on," one such personage said to me. No, I protested, I am just more comfortable in my skin. No, no, protested the now former friend, you have put on a lot. There is no escape from such delightful candour.
The shop salesman is another potential fat-related insulter. I once went to buy a swimsuit. Something modest, I said. Oh, I have just the thing, said the oleaginous man, producing something which would have covered all my limbs and part of my chin. Not that modest I said, upon which he produced a more suitable garment which was extra large. Large will do, I said, firmly marching off with a somewhat skimpy one piece into which I could not squeeze in even if I greased myself. The oily salesman was right but I could not bring myself to accept my proportions.
The worst are the thin friends or relatives. The uni-dimensionally thin person will whine and complain about how the extra grape at dinner had caused the addition of a whole 50 gm when you are hoping that no one is noticing the wobble on your upper arms as the result of the tub of Haagen Daas that you wolfed down the night before.
Of course, you will say that there are women of proportion like Queen Latifah or Adele. But they are so rich that no one, but no one is going to say, "Hey porkie, how is the music business treating you?" No, they will say, my, how did you lose so much weight? You look amazing."
So, I have discovered that the only way to stop people from making personal remarks about your appearance is to make fun of yourself before they can. I do that a lot, and believe me it works. Now, you may say I am a coward, but how many people can I fend off with a snarl and an unfriending on Facebook?
I like to think that I make up for a bit extra around the waist with my personality, but before someone has looked past the covering and seen your soul they will just see a fat woman or man. But the good thing is that you learn to take it on the double chin after a while. And feel a little vicious glee that you are a happy camper with that nice bit of lasagna and milk shake thrown down the hatch, while the thin are perennially denying themselves these pleasures.
It is microwaved comfort, but it will do for me. And do pass the chips to tide me over till dinner.

Live: Modi govt s expansion begins; Parrikar  3 others take oath as cabinet ministersComments
In the first cabinet expansion exercise after assuming power, Prime Minister Narendra Modi inducted 21 ministers into his council on Sunday. While four of them are cabinet-rank ministers, three are ministers of state (independent charge) and rest of the 14 are MoS. 
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar (L) took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. (Sameer Sehgal/HT File Photo)
Before the exercise, Modi held discussions with the new ministers over tea at 7, Race Course Road, his official residence.  List of the ministers to take oath was sent to the Rashtrapati Bhavan earlier in the day.
Former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar, BJP leaders JP Nadda and Birender Singh and Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu took oath as cabinet ministers.
Ministers of State (independent charge) include Bandaru Dattatreya, Rajiv Pratap Rudy and Dr Mahesh Sharma.
Live Blog Cabinet reshuffle

No dialogue with Pak if ceasefire violation continues  says Arun JaitleyJaitley talks tough on Pak's ceasefire violation
PTI  New Delhi, November 09, 2014
First Published: 13:19 IST(9/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:28 IST(9/11/2014)
In a stern warning to Pakistan, India said on Sunday cannot be a dialogue with Islamabad if ceasefire violations are repeated.
 
"...if repeated ceasefire violations take place then environment for dialogue itself suffers," defence minister Arun Jaitley, who also holds the finance portfolio, said at the India Global Forum meeting in Delhi.
 
"Yes, there should be a dialogue. We will welcome it but then the environment for dialogue has to be created by both countries. One of them cannot upset the environment and then say why dialogue is not taking place," Jaitley said.
 
The dialogue process was derailed after Pakistan envoy met Kashmiri separatists just a day before the foreign secretary level talks in August.
 
"When we further the discussions (after swearing-in invitation) it was through foreign secretary dialogue, this was responded to by an immediate invite to the separatists particularly keeping in mind elections in J-K at the doorsteps. Now this we found completely unacceptable..." he said.
 
Noting that there are issues in Kashmir, Jaitley said the Valley had been by and large peaceful. "We are expecting a peaceful elections in the valley notwithstanding efforts to disturb the environment."  
He also praised the armed forces for showing exemplary courage in rescue and relief operations during the recent floods in the state.
 
With regard to the border issue in the eastern region, Jaitley said India is keen for expediting the process to resolve the matter.
 
"As far as China is concerned, our economic relationship continues to grow, there are a lot of mutual investments in both countries and there are huge trade between two countries," he said.
 
"But then we have a pending issue of settlement of boundary itself and the commission appointed in 2003 for that purpose; we do hope it functions now expeditiously. We (will) continue to have a meaningful dialogue with them," he added.

http://usat.ly/1xvTzUwWill tuition ever stop increasing?
Since 1978, college tuition and fees have increased by a whopping 1,120%.
Post to Facebook
Will tuition ever stop increasing? Since 1978, college tuition and fees have increased by a whopping 1,120%. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qvzGc5
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
5
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Will tuition ever stop increasing?
Amanda Reaume, Credit.com 10 a.m. EST November 8, 2014
Since 1978, college tuition and fees have increased by a whopping 1,120%.
(Photo: Thinkstock)
97 CONNECT 39 TWEET 28 LINKEDIN 5 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Since 1978, college tuition and fees have increased by a whopping 1,120%. During that same period, the price of food has increased 244% and medical expenses 601%. In fact, tuition prices have gone up four times faster than the consumer price index, according to a report by Bloomberg.
Over the years, the rapidly increasing costs of an education have been blamed on a number of different factors like professors' inflated salaries, construction booms on campus, students demanding luxury amenities, increased administrative costs, availability of student loans, state funding cuts and technological changes.
Whatever is causing these increases, one thing is certain – they've created big problems for both individual students and the economy at large. According to Edvisors, 70% of students borrow to go to college and they take on an average of $33,000 in student loans. These numbers mean that total student loan debt in the U.S. ballooned to $1.2 trillion, eclipsing the amount of credit card debt Americans hold. This trend is not slowing down, with an additional $110.3 billion borrowed in 2012-2013, according to the College Board.
These unprecedented levels of student loan debt have only been worsened by a lackluster economy. Around 50% of graduates with bachelor's degrees under 25 are either unemployed or underemployed, according to the Associated Press. It doesn't help that over the same period that saw rapid rises in tuition rates and tuition paid, incomes have stagnated. That means that a college education is increasingly unaffordable for most students and necessitates a continued increase in student loan debt.
That contributes to making it incredibly difficult for young people to begin paying back their loans. It's not surprising that more than 30% of loans are currently in deferment, forbearance or default. For some, that makes things much worse with penalties and interest charges turning $10,000 or $20,000 student loans into $100,000 in debt. Due to a lack of financial education in high school, many students take out student loans without truly understanding how student loans work , which gets them into trouble later on.
Not leaving the nest
Household formation has hit a nearly 40-year low, the Pew Center for Research found, with many attributing student loan debt as the cause. Students graduating with debt and unable to pay it off are living longer at home with their parents and not striking out on their own. This, coupled with fewer Millennials buying homes means that the economic ripples of these two rites of passage have not made their way through the economy. With household formation estimated by Moody's to be worth $145,000 once the purchases ripple through the economy, this is a significant amount of spending that has been lost. Furthermore, the inability of so many Millennials to start saving early for retirement means this student loan crisis has created a ticking time bomb that will greatly impact retirement security in the future.
This has led some to start questioning the value of a college education. Depending on whose accounting you consult, the value of a college degree is anywhere from $185,000 (via the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development) to $1,000,000 (via the U.S. Census Bureau) in extra earnings over the course of a lifetime. But those figures measure the benefits previous generations have received. In addition, the think tank Demos suggests that households taking out $53,000 in combined student loan debt will lose $208,000 over their lifetimes due to their decreased ability to build home equity and save for retirement early in life.
That's why people like Peter Thiel, the co-founder of Paypal and the creator of the Thiel Fellowships given to students to drop out of college and start a business, are saying that a college degree isn't always worth it. In the film Ivory Tower, a documentary examining the crisis of student loan debt, Thiel says, "Twenty years ago we would have said all the kids who weren't going to college were the victims. Now we're saying that it's the kids who are going to college who are the victims. It's like a sub-prime mortgage broker who ripped you off and talked you into buying a house you couldn't afford. Education is in some ways more insidious than housing."
Cutbacks in student aid
Even with tuition increases slowing down in recent years – in 2013-2014, it was 2.9% for in-state tuition at public four-year colleges and universities, the lowest increase in 30 years, and 3.8% at private schools — what students actually pay has increased significantly, according to U.S. News and World Report. The average amount an in-state student actually paid to attend a public university is 60% higher in the current academic year than in 2009-2010.
That's because states running deficits due to the recession and economic recovery have cut back on college funding, leaving schools unable to offer the same level of financial aid and thus passing the costs on to students. In fact, the average state appropriations were cut by 10.7% in 2011-2011 and 0.5% in 2012-2013.
While there are some cheap colleges where tuition is affordable, they are the exception and not the rule.
One of the problems is that the availability of student loans allowed colleges to continue to increase tuition without seeing a decrease in demand, according to Veronique de Rugy, a senior research fellow at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University. In a typical market-driven system, increased prices should drive down demand since fewer people can afford to purchase the service. That's not the case, however, when there are lenders willing to extend tens of thousands of dollars in loans to young people with no credit. The fact that student loans survive bankruptcy and sometimes even the death of the borrower , only increases lenders' confidence that they will someday get paid back.
But there is some hope in the fact that for three years in a row college enrollment has decreased. According to the National Student Clearing House, college enrollment decreased by 1.5% in 2013 and 1.8% in 2012. If this trend continues, perhaps the market will force colleges to compete on price and lead to decreases in tuition.
Or perhaps federal or state governments might step in by regulating tuition prices or increasing student funding. This summer, a Senate Budget committee hearing took place to examine how student loans are affecting the economy.
The long-term effects of debt
Brittany Jones, a student who graduated with $70,000 in debt testified at the Senate hearing and said, "Student loan debt has been the driving force of my decisions for the last eight years of my life. […] According to my current repayment plan, it is projected to be for the next 25 years of my life, well into the years for which I should be planning a retirement."
Students not only see high debt loads affecting their ability to save for the future and to establish a household, but if they find themselves unable to keep up with their payments, it can destroy their credit as well. Late payments and defaults can affect how much interest they pay for credit in the future ( and you can see how it really adds up over time ), or may prevent them from getting a loan at all when they need it.
Obviously, there's a problem when student loans take over people's financial lives and influence their important life choices. Given the broader economic impacts, we can no longer pretend that it's just a personal problem. While the slowing growth of tuition prices is something to cheer, the fact that the price a student pays has increased doesn't give a lot of confidence that anything will change on its own. It's about time something is done to increase college affordability.
This story is an Op/Ed contribution to Credit.com and does not necessarily represent the views of the company or its partners.
More from Credit.com

Vadra winds up business in BJP-ruled Haryana  RajasthanPrint
This is getting serious. Congress president Sonia Gandhi’s son-in-law Robert Vadra is making a tactical retreat by winding up some of his land-related business ventures that have raked in the big bucks.
With its recent Haryana sweep, the Bharatiya Janata Party is now in power at the Centre and the two states - Rajasthan is the other - where Vadra has business interests, largely to do with making super-profits by selling land whose land use norms have changed to his benefit.
Most of Vadra’s fledgling businesses began with modest sums of capital and took quantum leaps in a period when the United Progressive Alliance (UPA) was in power at the Centre and the Congress governments ran the show in Haryana and Rajasthan.
Mandatory documents filed by Vadra with the Registrar of Companies show that he has asked the authorities to “strike off’’ as many as four companies of which he is the managing director.
Vadra has also informed the authorities that another two of his companies are “under process of striking off ’’.
The companies that Vadra has listed for closure in the “strike off’’ category are: Lifeline Agrotech Private Ltd, Greenwave Agro Private Ltd, Rightlive Agriculture Private Ltd and Primitive Agro Private Ltd. The companies were set up in mid-2012 when the UPA was in power at the Centre. Vadra is managing director, while his mother Maureen Vadra is registered as a director Lifeline Agrotech, and Amit Kumar Mehta, a resident of Jatpur Extension in Badarpur, is director in the other three firms.
The companies listed in the “under process of  strike off’’ category are Future Infra Agro Private Ltd and Best Season Agro private Ltd. The official address of the companies is 268, Sukdev Vihar in New Delhi while Vadra’s residential address is recorded as 35, Lodhi Estate where he stays with his wife Priyanka. His mother has been shown as a resident of New Friends Colony in the Capital.
Interestingly, the paid-up capital of each of these companies is a modest Rs 1 lakh, which seems to be the standard operating procedure for Vadra companies that had become a political hot potato for the Grand Old Party during the Lok Sabha elections.
A draft audit report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has also come as a major embarrassment for the Congress and Vadra. The report points out that the Hooda government allowed Robert Vadra to make a windfall gain of Rs 44 crore in land deals with DLF in violation of norms.
According to the report, Vadra’s Skylight Hospitality Private Limited was allowed to develop a commercial colony when it had a mere Rs 1 lakh as capital. The state government overlooked the meager finances of the company and gave it the project. The land was soon sold to DLF Universal for Rs 58 crore, with Skylight Hospitality raking in as much as Rs 44 crore.
The CAG draft report also points out that according to the terms of the bilateral agreement between the state government and Skylight Hospitality, Vadra’s company had to transfer Rs 41 crore of the payment received from DLF to the state government.
The Hooda government had gone out of its way to protect Vadra and even hounded honest IAS officer Ashok Khemka, who had insisted on sticking to the rulebook in declaring the registration of some of the plots bought by Vadra as illegal.
With the BJP government coming into power things have come full circle, and Vadra is clearly vulnerable over his land deals as the protective shield of the Congress government at the Centre and the Hooda government in the state is no longer available.
Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar has indicated that the government would look into Vadra’s land deals in the near future and adopt a specific process after examining all complaints into the matter.
While Khattar has stated that the law will take its own course, the CAG report is bound to put Vadra in a tight spot and give the state government sufficient material to initiate action in the matter.
Feeling the heat
The BJP government in Rajasthan has already ordered a probe. Vadra had already started feeling the heat over the land deals struck during the erstwhile Congress regime in the state.
Vadra’s companies such as Real Earth Estates Private Limited, Sky Light Realty Private Limited, and North India IT Parks Private Limited had - in a spate of deals between 2009 to 2011 - bought more than 770 hectares in Rajasthan’s Bikaner district at rock bottom prices.
Soon after Vadra cornered the land, the Ministry of Non-Conventional and Renewable Energy announced the Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission Policy under which hefty subsidies were offered for setting up solar plants in the area, to be linked to the national grid. This had caused the land prices to shoot up, immediately enabling Vadra to reap a windfall.
The erstwhile Congress government is also alleged to have changed the direction of NH-15 deliberately to benefit an area in which Vadra had bought a tract of land at a throwaway price.
Recommend

I am slightly relieved: AnandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Manohar Parrikar sworn-in as Cabinet MinisterThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Two Americans freed by North Korea return to U.S. soilThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Manohar Parrikar and others take oath as a Cabinet ministersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Happy birthday to moneycontrol and wish best of luck in its future pla...Platinum Member
1337 Followers
18 hours in a day of sincere and dedicated attachment with u.... Happy birth day... Wishing all beloved mmb team on great event of 15th birthday celebrations. Long long.. Long live.. Long live..
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
7.31 PM Nov 9th

Crazy  what is your target for 16500 put at what levels have you pla...Platinum Member
162 Followers
yup bro this is the best time to short n buy puts in both nifty and banknifty.... corrections in nifty and banknifty is very much likely..... now everyone is bullish this is the great signal for smart bears and bulls....
In reply to : marketwatcher_24 message
7.20 PM Nov 9th

Both the sugar bulls have invested very heavily in srs -- as it appear...8 Followers
Dear Peddasaiji,
Let me clarify my position. I am heavily invested in Shree renuka. My purchase price vary from 14.80 to 31. For me, Renuka is market leader in sugar stocks and all other suagr stocks are nowhere near to what Shree Renuka is doing and capable of doing.
I never try to influence anybody on board, but post me views and posting what I am doing only.
I am not interested in lowering my purchae price. But if it goes down, I try to put addition fund in Shree renuka, if I have. Otherwise lower price do not affact me emotionally.
For me any price between 14.80 to 31 in buying price in Shree Renuka.
Other sugar companies are just kids in front of Shree Renuka.

Honda to sell high performance bikes at affordable range in IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Honda to sell high performance bikes at affordable range in India
PTI
CBR650 model to launched in the first half of next year
Valencia (Spain), Nov 9:  
Japanese auto major Honda is looking to rev up the sales of high performance bikes in the Indian market with plans to assemble them in India and sell them at an affordable price.
The company’s two-wheeler Indian arm Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI) will start the programme with its CBR650 model that will be launched in the first half of next year.
At present in the high-end category, HMSI sells only imported motorcycles with prices ranging from Rs 14 lakh to Rs 31 lakh. It is seeking to tap the performance segment at affordable range by offering its upcoming model CBR650 at less than Rs 10 lakh.
“India is still a predominantly commuter motorcycle market but we are also looking to tap the higher end, enthusiasts segment. Our aim is to make the high-end segment affordable by assembling in India,” HMSI President and CEO Keita Muramatsu told PTI here.
He further said: “We will launch our CBR650 model in the first half of next year. This will be assembled in India.”
He said in future, depending on market demand and learnings from the CBR650, the company would look to assemble more high performance motorcycles in India.
“Manufacturing smaller bikes is completely different from assembling the high-end bikes with sophisticated technologies.
So, the CBR650 is our first step to gain experience of assembling such a high-end bike in India. Once we do that and depending on the market demand, we may consider assembling and selling more high performance bikes in India,” Muramatsu said.
The high performance motorcycle models that Honda currently sells in India include the Gold Wing 1800, VT1300 CX, VFR1200F, CBR1000 RR and CB1000 R.
HMSI sells around 100 units annually of these bikes. It is looking to increase it further by bringing new models in the lower price band.
“The high-end motorcycle market in India is about 3,000 units a year but the majority of sales are coming from the sub-Rs 10 lakh models. So with CBR650, which will be our first high performance assembled bike in India, we will be able to sell at below Rs 10 lakh and we expect our volume to rise in the segment,” HMSI Vice-President YS Guleria said.
The CBR650 will be a bike powered by an engine with four cylinders and the company is still considering whether it would be assembled from semi-knocked down or completely knocked down imported form.
HMSI has been gaining momentum quickly in the mass segment two-wheelers in India. In the April-October period this fiscal, the company sold 25,77,814 units against 20,41,411 units in the year-ago period, up 17 per cent.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Concor to participate in Angul-Sukinda projectConcor to participate in Angul-Sukinda project
PTI
Tweet
Bhubaneswar, Nov 9:  
Navaratna PSU Container Corporation of India Ltd (Concor) will participate in Angul-Sukinda railway line (ASRL) project in Odisha, giving a boost to the state’s rail infrastructure and development.
Concor has become a stakeholder in the ASRL project by making 26 per cent equity share investment, a company release said here.
ASRL is billed as one of the most important and infrastructurally crucial railway projects of Odisha.
Anil Kumar Gupta, Chairman and Managing Director of Concor, recently handed over the consent letter for releasing Rs 100 crore of its total equity amount of Rs 156 crore to Dilip Kumar Samantaray, Managing Director of ASRL project.
“Our decision to participate in this new railway line is primarily to promote the development of rail infrastructure and logistics in the state of Odisha,” Gupta said.
ASRL project authorities said that the work will start in full swing after the agricultural cultivation season period is over and is expected to be completed by June 2018.
Angul-Sukinda railway line is being constructed under public private partnership (PPP) model for providing a vital alternative rail link to Angul-based steel plants with Keonjhar-Bansapani iron-ore belt and Talcher coal field to Kalinga Nagar industrial belt.
Besides Concor, Rail Vikas Nigam Ltd, Odisha Government, Odisha Mining Corporation, JSPL and IDCO are the other stake holders of the joint venture, the release said.
Concor is also developing two multi-modal logistic parks at Parjang and Duburi stations of the new railway line for expanding container traffic in the state.
The Odisha Government has already assured assistance in the land acquisition process for these two depots of Concor.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Some MFs miffed as AMFI kept them in dark on MarutipanelFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Some mutual fund houses are piqued at being kept in the dark about setting up a committee by their industry association Association of Mutual Funds of India to discuss the common stand on Maruti’s controversial plan to set up a plant in Gujarat, industry sources said here today.
The AMFI panel has been formed to discuss Maruti’s plans to set up its Gujarat plant as a fully-owned arm of its Japanese parent Suzuki as well as take a common position on similar cases where minority shareholders’ interests are involved.
After Maruti rejected mutual funds’ demand not go ahead with the Gujarat plan and instead hold an extraordinary general body meeting later this month, the Association of Mutual Funds of India (AMFI) had set up a panel to take a common mutual fund industry position on the issue.
As many as seven MFs hold 6.5 per cent stake in the country’s largest car maker, while LIC holds 6.83 per cent.
Some fund houses felt that AMFI should have informed them about the decision to form the panel on the issue. They have contended that the committee’s decision would not be binding on them while using their voting rights.
SBI Mutual Fund, which holds some stake in Maruti-Suzuki and has been kept out of the process, has been very critical about the manner in which the AMFI board constituted the committee.
Though the talks were on among mutual fund houses about formation of the committee for quite some time, many fund houses were not informed about the decision to set up the committee, the SBI MF said.
“Normally we are informed about any such decisions taken by the AMFI. However, this time we didn’t receive any communication from the association. Once we get some mail from AMFI in this connection, we will definitely take a call on whether to raise a questions about the issue,” SBI MF Managing Director and Chief Executive Dinesh Khara told PTI.
Maruti-Suzuki’s plan to set up a car plant in Gujarat as a fully-owned subsidiary of its Japanese parent has already been objected to by seven mutual fund houses holding stakes in the car company.
A decision on the proposed plant is likely to be taken by Maruti after its forthcoming extraordinary general meeting which is likely to be held later this month. It needs to get the permission of at least 75 per cent of shareholders for investment in the plant.
LIC Nomura MF, which holds 0.04 per cent stake in Maruti, has also been kept in the dark about the decision. However, it felt that it will raise objections in case any decision is taken by the committee and which was not informed to the MF house in advance.
“Formation of a committee was within the purview of the AFMI. However, we will raise a question before the association in case any decision is taken by the committee without keeping us informed,” LIC Nomura MF Chief Executive Nilesh Sathe said.
While LIC is the single largest minority investor in the country’s largest car maker with 6.8 per cent holding, seven mutual funds hold around 6.53 per cent and domestic financial institutions hold 7.95 per cent in the country’s largest carmaker.
An official of LIC said the financial giant is yet to take a view on the Maruti-Suzuki’s plan.
“A committee is a good forum to have consultation within the industry on issues related to corporate governance. However, any decision to be taken by the committee will not be binding on us when we exercise our voting rights,” Union KBC Mutual Fund Chief Executive G Pradeepkumar said.
However, the Institutional Investor Advisory Services (IIAS) has welcomed the AMFI move.
“It’s good to know that mutual funds and institutional investors are thinking about some critical transactions and getting more active, because every single vote of mutual fund houses, big or small, will count during the EGM of the company,” IIAS Chief Operating Officer Hetal Dalal said.

Market valuation of BSE listed cos nears Rs 100 lakh croremarkFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
As the benchmark BSE Sensex is witnessing a dream-rally, the total market valuation of BSE-listed companies has inched closer to the Rs 100 lakh crore mark.
At present, the total market capitalisation (m-cap) of BSE-listed companies stands at Rs 97,13,196 crore which is just Rs 2.86 lakh short of the Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
In terms of the US dollar, the total market valuation of BSE-listed companies has surged to USD 1.58 trillion at the current rupee rate of 61.41 against the Greenback.
India had first entered the trillion-dollar club in June 2007, but moved out in September 2008 after a global meltdown.
It again got back into the elite league in May 2009 and largely remained there except for some brief time, including once in 2012.
In August 2013, it had again slipped out of the list.
The Sensex has gained 6,745.2 points, or 31.86 per cent, so far this year. The index had hit its all-time high of 28,010.39 yesterday.
Experts said expectations of more reforms by the Narendra Modi-led government and a rate cut by the RBI has helped markets scale new heights.
The Sensex blue-chips whose market valuation is more than Rs 1 lakh crore include TCS, ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, HDFC Bank,
Coal India, SBI, ICICI Bank, Sun Pharma, HDFC, HUL, L&T, Bharti Airtel, Tata Motors, Wipro, NTPC, HCL Tech and Axis Bank.
Outsourcing giant TCS is the most valued Indian company with a market cap of Rs 5,09,435.77 crore.
Marketmen said Indian markets are also making merry, helped by smart foreign fund inflows.
Since the beginning of this year, overseas investors have infused a net amount of Rs 82,266 crore (USD 13.7 billion) into the equities, while they invested a net of Rs 1.36 lakh crore into the debt market (USD 22.5 billion) taking the total to Rs 2.18 lakh crore (USD 36 billion).

Think twice before you opt for these fadsBeauty fads gone terribly bad
From flesh tunnel earlobes to body piercing, these are the beauty fads that people regret.
Yahoo7 Lifestyle Fri 24 Oct, 2014 9:37 AM IST
Trending now
Prev Next
Plucking your eyebrows to an inch of their life is never a good idea. Not only does it age you, but a hair follicle only has a certain number of cycles of growth and if you pluck it too many times, you can kill it off - leaving you with patchy, or even nonexistent eyebrows!
Plucking your eyebrows to an inch of their life is never a good idea. Not only does it age you, but a hair follicle only has a certain number of cycles of growth and if you pluck it too many times, you can kill it off - leaving you with patchy, or even nonexistent eyebrows!

Syria: At least 40 killed in clashes between govt forces and oppn fighters  says human rights bodyThere has been fighting between regime and rebel forces in the region for more than a year, but Thursday's toll is the highest in a single day since violence began there. (Source: Reuters)
By: Agence-France Presse | Beirut | Posted: November 7, 2014 5:35 pm | Updated: November 7, 2014 5:53 pm
At least 40 people have been killed in clashes between Syrian regime forces and opposition fighters including Al-Qaeda’s local affiliate in the south of the country, a monitor said on Friday.
The forces were killed on Thursday, during fighting in Beit Tima, a majority-Druze region in southeastern Damascus province, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
There has been fighting between regime and rebel forces in the region for more than a year, but Thursday’s toll is the highest in a single day since violence began there.
“At least 26 members of the (pro-regime) National Defence Forces and 14 fighters from (Al-Qaeda affiliate) Al-Nusra Front and Islamist rebel groups were killed,” according to the Observatory, which relies on a network of sources on the ground.
Syria’s Druze, a heterodox Muslim community, have largely stayed on the sidelines of the country’s bloody conflict and Beit Tima remains under regime control.
A Lebanese security source meanwhile told AFP that 11 rebel fighters injured in the clashes had been prevented by Lebanese soldiers from crossing the mountainous border area to seek medical treatment.
The source said it was the first time that Lebanese troops had prevented injured Syrians from entering the country in that part of the border area.
Syrian refugees and both civilians and rebels wounded in fighting have regularly slipped across the porous border between the two countries.
In recent months, Lebanon has all but closed the border officially to incoming Syrian refugees however, with exceptions only for humanitarian reasons.
More than 1.1 million Syrian refugees are living in Lebanon, straining the country’s limited resources and infrastructure.
Lebanon’s army has also bolstered border security after  bloody clashes between troops and jihadists coming from Syria in the border region earlier this year.

We will work together someday: Kalki Koechlin on Anurag KashyapKalki Koechlin on husband Anurag Kashyap: We still have creative understanding and a lot of respect for each other.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 8, 2014 2:54 pm
Actress Kalki Koechlin says she is still good friends with estranged husband Anurag Kashyap. She is also hoping to work with the filmmaker “someday”.
“We still are very good friends. We still have something which nobody can take it away from us. We still have creative understanding and a lot of respect for each other. Hopefully we will work together someday,” Kalki told reporters in a group interview.
The filmmaker was instrumental in launching Kalki in Hindi films with his 2009 critically acclaimed and commercially successful directorial venture ‘Dev D’ and two years later he married his protégé. However they announced their seperation last November.
After the continuous questions about her life, Kalki says she now prefers not to discuss her personal life on public platforms. “Personal life has become personal for me. I have leraned that your life can’t be public and some things you learn later. I have been open about my personal life but lot of people get hurt so it’s better to keep quite,” she said.
“Its important not to react. I should be in limelight because of my work and people should appreciate and respect that,” she added.
The actress is currently busy promoting ‘Happy Ending’.

Revealed: Salman Khans sister Arpitas wedding inviteThe wedding invitation is a gold-plated invitation card with beautiful rose print.
Written by Sunitra Pacheco , Edited by Sarika Sharma | Mumbai | Posted: November 8, 2014 12:10 pm
Wedding bells are ringing at the Khan residence and Salman bhai is sparing no expense when it comes to baby sister Arpita Khan’s special day.
The wedding invitations have made their way to the Internet. It is a gold-plated invitation card with beautiful rose print, which is presented in a box along with leaflets for each day of the pre-wedding functions. And that’s not all, the guests are treated to a special batch of cupcakes with the card.
Arpita Khan is tying the knot to Delhi-based fiancé Ayush Sharma on November 18 in Hyderabad.
We hear the who’s who of B-Town will be present for the celebrations. Salman Khan has even extended an invite to frenemy Shah Rukh Khan and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

Top four cos suffer Rs 30 680 cr loss in m-cap; CIL hit hardBSE
(While TCS, RIL, Coal India…)
NEW DELHI: Dragged down by Coal India, the cumulative market valuation of four among the top 10 Indian companies fell by Rs 30,679.66 crore during the past week.
While TCS, RIL, Coal India and HDFC Bank suffered losses in their market valuation, ONGC, ITC, Infosys , SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma made gains.
The combined gain in market valuation of these six companies stood at Rs 30,195.6 crore.
The m-cap of CIL tumbled by Rs 15,569.84 crore to Rs 2,17,725.08 crore, emerging as the biggest loser among the top-10 firms.
After CIL, TCS took the biggest hit as its market valuation dipped by Rs 6,081.85 crore to Rs 5,04,078.65 crore, while that of RIL plunged by Rs 5,899.34 crore to Rs 3,17,302.18 crore.
HDFC Bank's m-cap fell by Rs 3,128.63 crore to Rs 2,17,105.84 crore.
Among the gainers, Sun Pharma added Rs 9,547.79 crore to Rs 1,84,670 crore in its market cap, while ICICI Bank's valuation jumped Rs 6,963.82 crore to Rs 1,95,093.62 crore.
Infosys' value moved up by Rs 6,732.92 crore to Rs 2,39,381.83 crore, while that of ONGC rose by Rs 3,593.3 crore to Rs 3,50,133.43 crore.
The m-cap of SBI jumped by Rs 3,038.55 crore to Rs 2,04,736.47 crore and that of ITC went up by Rs 319.22 crore to Rs 2,83,833.51 crore.
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at number one position, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, CIL, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
The benchmark BSE Sensex concluded the week at 27,868.63, showing a marginal gain of just 2.8 points.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kingfisher Airlines faces trading suspension from Dec. 1Updated: November 8, 2014 12:40 IST
Kingfisher Airlines faces trading suspension from Dec. 1
Reuters
AP Grounded Kingfisher airlines at IGI airport in New Delhi. File photo
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
The two main stock exchanges will suspend trading of shares of grounded Kingfisher Airlines Ltd from December 1 for failing to comply with rules on reporting financial results, the bourses said in separate notices.
Kingfisher, founded by Vijay Mallya and once India's No. 2 carrier, has not flown for more than two years for want of cash. The company last reported its financial results for the three months ended December 2013.
The exchanges will also suspend trading of UB Engineering Ltd, part of Mallya's UB Group, from December 1, they said citing the company's failure to report financial results for two consecutive quarters to end-June.
Several other smaller companies are also facing trading suspension for the same reason, according to the stock exchange notices. http://bit.ly/1xs89fP and http://bit.ly/1tojnxx
The companies can avert trading suspensions if they comply with the financial results reporting rules and pay required fines by November 25, the exchanges said on Friday, adding the founder holding in the companies had been freezed, effective November 7.

Gold Regains Glitter on Low-Level Buying  Global CuesOil Price Drop Threatens $150 Billion in Investments
New Delhi: Gold prices jumped by Rs 650, its biggest gain since June 20, to close at Rs 26,450 per 10 grams in the national capital on Saturday on emergence of buying by jewellers and retailers amidst a rebound in global markets.
Silver also recorded a significant recovery of Rs 650 to Rs 35,550 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units.
Bullion traders attributed the strong recovery in prices of precious metals to revival of buying at prevailing lower levels by jewellers and retailers amidst a rebound in global markets.
Globally, gold in New York, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, rose 2.4 per cent to $1,169.80 an ounce, the biggest gain since June 19, after US employers added fewer jobs than forecast, reviving demand for a safe-haven.
Silver also rose two per cent to $15.71 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity zoomed by Rs 650 each to Rs 26,450 and Rs 26,250 per 10 grams, respectively.
Sovereign also gained Rs 100 at Rs 23,700 per piece of eight gram.
Meanwhile, gold had slumped to over four-year low of Rs 25,800 per 10 grams in Friday's trade.
Also, silver ready spurted by Rs 650 to Rs 35,550 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 395 to Rs 34,795 per kg.
Silver coins, however, lacked necessary buying support and traded lower by Rs 1,000 at Rs 58,000 for buying and Rs 59,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: November 08, 2014 16:20 (IST)

Banking  Auto Stocks to Lead Market Rally: EdelweissUnited Spirits Has Huge Opportunity to Grow in India: Motilal Oswal
Edelweiss Financial Services expects banks and auto stocks to outperform in long term, driven by an increase in urban spending.
The Nifty has rallied over 30 per cent in this year so far, while sectoral indices like CNX Auto and Bank Nifty have gained around 55 per cent and 52 per cent respectively during the same period. But the auto sales number for the month of September and October and credit growth in the banking sector suggest that demand recovery have not yet picked up.
Nirav Sheth, head of sales (institutional equities) at Edelweiss Financial Services, believes that the recovery in auto sales will be gradual. "If inflation falls real incomes improve and you have to give it some time before that starts reflecting in consumption expenditure," said Mr Seth. ( Watch )
Edelweiss believes that due to falling crude oil prices and last year's base effect, inflation will come down sharply in the near future, leading to higher real income in the hands of consumer and ultimately higher auto sales.
"Urban demand will gradually pick up and rural demand will come down. That is the reason why I am overweight on banks and autos and lower-weight on consumer staples," added Mr Seth.
Edelweiss also believes that the impact of lower commodity prices will get reflected in the earnings of companies from the third quarter onwards. "Earnings are going to outperform the revenue growth rate," adds Mr Seth.
Edelweiss Market View
Edelweiss believes that from a medium to long-term perspective markets are going to be positive. It expects markets to be re-rated in terms of price earnings multiples in the next year, once interest rates comes down. Edelweiss has a target of 29,600 on Sensex by end of March, 2015.
Foreign institutional investors have pumped in nearly Rs 85,000 crore into Indian equities so far. Edelweiss says India's relative attractiveness in comparison to Brazil and Russia will continue to attract foreign flows and the pace of reforms will accelerate in the near future which will boost markets further.
Story first published on: November 07, 2014 17:27 (IST)

Tower of Londons stunning poppy installation creates national sensationLondon’s poppy installation commemorates World War I centennial
View Photos
The ceramic flowers commemorate soldiers of the Commonwealth who died in World War I.
Caption
The ceramic flowers commemorate soldiers of the Commonwealth who died in World War I.
  Crowds gather to see the red ceramic poppies that form part of an art installation at the Tower of London. The evolving art installation, which will be completed Nov. 11, commemorates the centennial of World War I. Suzanne Plunkett/Reuters
Buy Photo
Wait 1 second to continue.
Since its royal opening in August, the installation has become a must-see on the tourist trail. At any given hour -- the artwork is floodlit at night -- onlookers are pressed against the black iron railings at the Tower of London peering down at the moat, many pausing in reflective silence before snapping photos: one of the most arresting images is of the “Weeping Window,” where poppies cascade out of a Yeoman Warder’s window, spilling out onto the moat like an ever-expanding river of blood.
The Internet is flooded with photos of the installation, with thousands of people uploading  pictures to Twitter -- as actress Joan Collins did on Wednesday -- and dedicated Facebook pages such as a “ Tower of London Poppy Pictures and Selfies” page.
Adding to the spectacle, every day at dusk a speaker stands in the middle of the poppies and reads the names of 180 soldiers who died, followed by a cavalry trumpet call.
More than 18,000 people have volunteered to plant the poppies, including Woodrow, 78, a retired printer from Norwich who on a recent drizzly day planted poppies for four hours.
“My cousin, who was killed in  the First World War, was the same age as my grandson is now - that’s significant to me,” said Woodrow, who was wearing gardening gloves and pushing a metal stalk into the muddy ground.
Britain's Queen Elizabeth II (left) and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, (right) walk among ceramic red poppies in the moat at the Tower of London. (Facundo Arrizabalaga/EPA)
Not everyone has praised the artwork. Jonathan Jones, an art critic for the Guardian, last week called it “a deeply aestheticised, prettified and toothless war memorial ." He argued that a more appropriate memorial to mark the “horror” of war would be filling the moat with barbed wire and bones.
The following day, the British Prime Minister David Cameron stepped into the fray, telling the House of Commons that it was “a stunning display,” and “extremely poignant.”
What people do seem to agree on is that the commemoration is strikingly original, capitalizing on the particularly British knack for performance and pageantry. The Financial Times said it marked a shift from traditional memorials of the 20th century to “a very 21st-century blend of spectacle and 'edutainment'."
Following a public campaign to extend the life of the project, a spokeswoman for the Tower said Saturday that parts of the artwork would remain on display until the end of the month. On Nov. 12, volunteers will begin dismantling the hand-made poppies, all of which were snapped up by the public for $40 apiece (with a portion of the profits going to charities linked to the armed forces.)
The exhibition is the brainchild of Paul Cummins, a 37-year-old ceramic artist who literally suffered for his art during this project, losing his middle finger after his hand was crushed by a ceramic roller.
Visitors view the "Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red" installation by ceramic artist Paul Cummins and theatre stage designer Tom Piper. (Justin Tallis/AFP/Getty Images)
A few years ago he stumbled across a poem written by an unknown soldier who had died in the war. “And there was this line, 'The blood-swept lands and seas of red,'  and it sort of resonated in my head, and then I basically looked for a way to visualize it,” he said.
He pitched his idea to the caretakers of the Tower of London, a medieval castle on the banks of the River Thames that has its own long and bloody history. The Tower also has a significant connection to World War I as the place where over 1,600 recruits from the nearby financial district   -- they became known as the “stockbrokers battalion” -- were sworn in shortly after war broke out in 1914.
Tom Piper, a 49-year-old set designer with the Royal Shakespeare Company, was brought in to design the layout. He said his interpretation of Cummins’s idea was that the poppies should have “a very organic force that is almost like blood or the sea,” and that he wanted to engage with the Tower, not just simply plant poppies around its perimeter. And so poppies spill out of a window and climb up over walls, like soldiers surging over the top of a trench.
He said one of the reasons for its popularity has been that it has taken so long to install, with volunteers planting about 70,000 poppies a week.
“That illustrates, more than anything else, the horrors of war -- the fact that it has taken this long,” he said.
Some volunteers like Lesley Ryan, 64, a retired school teacher from south London, have come to the Tower on repeated occasions to help with the planting. She recalled how one ceramic poppy “just crumbled” in her hands. “It was so poignant,” she said, “because it reminded you that each one of these represents a fallen soldier.”
Britain's Queen Elizabeth joins British Prime Minister David Cameron at a ceremony to commemorate the war dead on Remembrance Sunday and places a wreath at the Cenotaph in Whitehall. (Reuters)
Karla Adam is a reporter in the Washington Post’s London bureau. Before joining the Post in 2006, she worked as a freelancer in London for the New York Times and People magazine.

Spending: The best cell-phone plan for you2
When several people share a wireless plan, strong overall coverage is crucial. That's where Verizon excels: In a recent report from RootMetrics, a company that evaluates wireless coverage, Verizon dominated in tests of network performance. The More Everything plan isn't the lowest-priced plan on the market, but it provides unlimited voice minutes and texts, and it lets you choose how much data family members share. A family of four smartphone users on a two-year contract would pay $260 a month (all prices exclude taxes and fees) to share 10 gigabytes of data. Verizon says that its customers use an average of 1 to 2 gigabytes of data per device each month. New customers who pay full price for phones from Verizon or who bring their own phones don't sign a contract, and the monthly service charge is only $160 for the same plan.
LIGHT USERS
Best plan: T-Mobile Pay As You Go
T-Mobile's plan is simple and flexible. Each month, you prepay for a minimum of $3 worth of combined voice minutes and text messages (one minute is worth 10 cents, and so is each message). If necessary, you can add more value from your credit card, a checking account or a T-Mobile refill card. Plus, you can buy data packages as you need them. A seven-day pass to use 1GB of data is $10. Choose among any of the phones in T-Mobile's lineup or bring your own compatible device.
DATA HOGS
Best plan: T-Mobile Simple Choice
If you burn through data each month, an unlimited-data plan will give you peace of mind that you won't exceed your allotment and rack up big charges. The Simple Choice plan with unlimited data runs $80 a month for a single user. It includes truly unlimited, speedy 4G LTE data, as well as 5GB of data when you use your smartphone as a mobile hot spot. Voice minutes and text messages are unlimited, too. If you mainly stream music instead of videos, you may be able to get away with a lower-level plan. With T-Mobile's other individual Simple Choice plans ($50 to $70 a month, depending on how much high-speed data you want), you can stream as much music as you like from services such as Pandora and iHeartRadio.
(Lisa Gerstner is a contributing editor to Kiplinger's Personal Finance magazine. Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

CPI criticizes PM Modi for having jumbo-size CabinetThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Govt in final stages of talks with states on GST: JaitleyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Axis Bank  HDFC Bank to charge extra after 5 ATM transactionsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Deepak Fertilisers Buys 5.94 Per Cent Stake in Mangalore ChemicalsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Syndicate Bank opens mid-corporate branch in VizagSyndicate Bank opens mid-corporate branch in Vizag
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Nov 9:  
Syndicate Bank is planning to open 300 more branches and 27 mid-corporate branches during the current financial year, according to Executive Director M. Anjaneya Prasad.
He was speaking to reporters here on Saturday evening after the inauguration of the Visakhapatnam regional office and also a mid-corporate branch at Daba Gardens earlier in the day. He said the region comprising Visakhapatnam, East Godavari, Srikakulam and Vizianagaram would grow very fast after the bifurcation of the State and the bank had therefore set up a regional office. The mid-corporate branch would sanction loans ranging from Rs 5 crore to Rs 100 crore.
Prasad said the bank had decided to open five new branches shortly in the region, having at present 47 branches. The region as on date has a total business of Rs 1,690 crore. A mid-corporate branch would be opened shortly at Guntur.
He said the bank, which had set up a branch in London, was planning to set up branches in Hong Kong, Dubai, South Africa and China to increase its overseas business.
Loan rescheduling: He said the bank would reschedule loans in the districts hit by Hudhud cyclone. Every effort would be made to help the industrial units hit by the cyclone. The scale of finance would be increased and there would also be deferment of payments. As part of its corporate social responsibility, the bank would adopt Ippili village in Srikakulam district.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Naqvi  Muslim face of BJP  stages a comebackNaqvi, Muslim face of BJP, stages a comeback
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, a prominent Muslim face of BJP, has staged a comeback to the Union Council of Ministers, 15 years after his stint as MoS for Information and Broadcasting in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee Government.
A two-time Rajya Sabha member, Naqvi, 57, is one of the Vice-Presidents of BJP and has been a spokesperson of the party for a long time.
BJP has on several occasions used Naqvi’s services to explain the party’s stand on minorities, especially Muslims.
A member of various key Parliamentary committees, Naqvi has been a prominent speaker of the party in the Upper House.
He was among others actively involved in organising logistics for BJP in this year’s Lok Sabha elections and campaigned extensively in Haryana and Maharashtra in the just-concluded Assembly polls in the two states.
A student of law, he contested first for the Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh in 1980 from Allahabad West from Janta Party Secular (Raj Narain), and then contested from Ayodhya as an independent in 1989.
He was elected to the Lok Sabha in 1998 from Rampur, Uttar Pradesh and was appointed as Minister of State in the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, with additional charge of the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs in the Vajpayee Cabinet.
Married to Seema, a Hindu, Naqvi had participated in social, political activities and student’s youth movements.
He was detained at Naini Central Jail under Maintenance of Internal Security Act (MISA) at the age of 17 during the Emergency in 1975. Naqvi had been a student leader and participated in the JP Movement.
He has been actively involved and associated with several socio-cultural and academic activities, including upliftment of artisans and spread of public awareness in remote villages by way of chaupals to promote art and culture.
Naqvi has authored three books: Syah (1991), Danga (1998) and Vaisali (2007).
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Parrikar  technocrat-turned politician with administrative skillsParrikar, technocrat-turned politician with administrative skills
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
From a RSS pracharak to a Union Minister, technocrat-turned politician Manohar Gopalkrishna Parrikar, a three-time Goa Chief Minister, is known for his administrative acumen and clean image to leave an indelible mark on the politics of the tiny state.
A Mumbai IIT graduate in metallurgical engineering and among the first members of BJP in Goa, 59-year-old Parrikar has been instrumental in raising the profile of his party from its just four members in the State Assembly in 1994 to its present status as a ruling party with the highest number of seats.
Spearheaded by Parrikar, BJP won 21 out of 40 seats in the 2012 Assembly polls. He was sworn in as Chief Minister in March 2012.
An unassuming man, Parrikar, who had launched a campaign against the Congress-led government on the issue of illegal mining in the state, emerged as the rallying point for anti-Congress sentiments.
He was the first BJP chief minister who had publicly said last year that Narendra Modi, the then Gujarat Chief Minister, should be the face of the party in 2014 Lok Sabha polls.
Parrikar is considered as a confidante of Modi and stood by him during the party’s decision at a key BJP meet in Goa naming the Gujarat strongman as campaign in-charge last year.
At the same time, Parrikar caused a flutter in BJP with remarks that the 2002 post-Godhra riots in Gujarat were a “blot” on Modi’s career though he was not personally part of it.
Parrikar, who is also known for his blunt talk and development initiatives, got the first taste of power in the State in 2000 when he was elected the Chief Minister, becoming the first IITian to head a State Government. He also has an image of being an organised taskmaster.
As a Leader of Opposition, he took on the Congress party to highlight alleged acts of irregularities.
His controversial Public Accounts Committee (PAC) report bringing to fore the illegal mining led to a major investigation by Justice M B Shah commission into iron ore extraction activity in the State.
Armed with the party’s populist manifesto during his third stint in 2012, Parrikar cut down the prices of petrol in the State by almost Rs 11 per litre, the move which made him most a popular chief minister overnight.
Social security schemes like Grih Adhar (providing monthly income for housewives) and Ladli Lakshmi (giving financial help for marriage of girl child) cemented his popularity in the State.
At the same time, Parrikar earned the ire of his opponents for failing to redress issues like stoppage of mining and shifting of off shore casinos away from River Mandovi near Panaji.
A RSS pracharak from Goa, Parrikar’s electoral debut was unsuccessful when he was defeated by Congress candidate Harish Zantye in the 1991 Lok Sabha polls.
He was first elected to the second legislative assembly of Goa in 1994. Later, he rose to become the Leader of Opposition from June to November 1999.
Parrikar became the Chief Minister for the first time on October 24, 2000, but his tenure lasted only till February 27, 2002. On June 5, 2002, he was re-elected and became the Chief Minister again.
On January 29, 2005, his Government was reduced to a minority in the Assembly after four BJP MLAs resigned from the House. However, Parrikar proved his majority in the House next month.
In 2007, the Parrikar-led BJP was defeated in the Goa state elections by the Congress-led by Digambar Kamat, a former BJP leader.
Parrikar had said the riots were an administrative failure but defended Modi citing his inexperience.
The Goa Chief Minister was tipped to be part of the Modi Government when it took office on May 26 but he had apparently refused to join. Parrikar had said that he would not like to jump into national politics and that he would rather retire from Goa.
Parrikar is a widower after having lost his wife 12 years ago.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Haryana Jat leader Birender Singh finally gets his dueHaryana Jat leader Birender Singh finally gets his due
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
The proverbial slip between cup and lip had haunted Haryana Jat leader Birender Singh who first lost to Bhupinder Singh Hooda in the battle for Haryana Chief Minister’s chair in 2004 and was then denied a Cabinet berth in Manmohan Singh Government in 2010 at the last minute.
And now, his induction as a Cabinet minister in the Modi Government marks a rare happy turn in his long career where he was forced to live in the shadows of rival Jat leaders like Hooda and National Lok Dal’s O P Chautala.
Singh took a big gamble before Haryana Assembly elections by ending his over four-decade association with Congress to join BJP and it paid off as the saffron party stormed to power in the state and his wife also got elected as an MLA.
Grandson of illustrious peasant leader Chhotu Ram, the 68-year-old politician has been a five-time MLA and served as a Cabinet minister in Haryana three times.
As his differences with Hooda Government grew, he was brought to Parliament as a Rajya Sabha MP in 2010 and was tipped to join the Manmohan Singh Government but last minute political machinations tripped him.
Though Congress tried to placate him by making him a permanent member of its highest decision-making body Congress Working Committee, he could never come to terms with the denial of a ministerial berth what he considered was his due.
The rise of BJP in Haryana offered him an alternative and his stature as a Jat leader also proved to be an asset for the saffron party.
BJP believes Singh’s entry in the Government will bring Jats closer to it in a state where they are the most numerous and influential community.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Suresh Prabhu returns to CabinetSuresh Prabhu returns to Cabinet
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
A qualified Chartered Accountant, Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu has returned to the Union Cabinet after having served in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee Government during when he won kudos for imparting a new dynamism to the functioning of the Power Ministry.
That the 61-year-old banker-politician from coastal Konkan was in good books of the Narendra Modi regime became evident after he was appointed head of a government panel on power revamp called Advisory Group for Integrated Development of Power, Coal and Renewable Energy.
Prabhu was also appointed as Modi’s ‘sherpa’ to assist the Prime Minister at the upcoming G20 summit in Brisbane.
There were reports in Maharashtra political circles that Modi wanted him at the Centre despite the logjam in ties between the two former allies Shiv Sena and BJP ahead of last month’s Assembly elections in Maharashtra.
Prabhu has represented the Rajapur Lok Sabha constituency in Konkan four times, from 1996 to 2009. He lost his seat in the 2009 general election. This is the same constituency which late Janata Party leader Madhu Dandavate had represented.
Prabhu’s decision to call off his visit to Wharton School as a mark of protest against the cancellation of Modi’s keynote address at the Wharton India Economic Forum 2013 won him admirers.
During Vajpayee’s tenure from 1998 to 2004, Prabhu was Industry Minister, Minister for Environment and Forests, Minister for Fertilizers & Chemicals, Power, Heavy Industry and Public Enterprises.
His efforts to streamline the functioning of the Power Ministry were appreciated and he tried to ensure the all-round development of this crucial sector.
Prabhu was also Chairman of Task Force for Interlinking of Rivers.
He was elected a member of the World Bank parliamentary network and nominated as the Chairman of the South Asia Water conference.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Armed forces need to acquire 440 helicopters: JaitleyArmed forces need to acquire 440 helicopters: Jaitley
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
Armed forces need to acquire 440 helicopters and most of them would be bought from Indian companies, including state-run HAL, to enhance capacity building, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley said.
“Almost 440 helicopters between three services have to be acquired. Some will be acquired from abroad and most of them have to be domestically manufactured... we have also announced Indian entities can apply and even public sector (firms can apply) so as to have capacity building in India,” he said.
The Government's decision is expected to generate business worth over Rs 40,000 crore for the local industry in the defence sector. Besides, India also intends to purchase 56 transport aircraft for which only private sector Indian companies are eligible.
“This time, we cancelled the earlier decision and said they will be manufactured in India and Indian companies should apply and only Indian companies should apply which means Indian companies with joint ventures can apply,” he said.
The armed forces had projected their requirements to the Defence Ministry before the Government scrapped a Rs 6,000-crore tender to procure 197 such helicopters for the Army and the Air Force.
Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd has already started a project in Tumkur, Karnataka, for building light helicopters, which will have a capacity to lift 2.5 tonnes payload.
Jaitley further said the Defence Acquisition Council of India now meets every month.
“I am sure it will continue to happen because the mechanism has been institutionalised,” he said.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Cabinet reshuffle: Shiv Sena s Anil Desai to join Narendra Modi govt todaySushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
Signalling a thaw in troubled relations between BJP and Shiv Sena, Sena MP Anil Desai is likely to be inducted in the Union Council of Ministers today, Sena sources said.
Desai has reached Delhi from Mumbai and will be sworn in as a minister in Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government, the sources said.
The development comes after Sena’s sole representative in the ministry Anant Geete was called to Mumbai by party chief Uddhav Thackeray last night.
Geete had wanted to meet Modi but was denied an appointment, Sena sources had said. Geete had said it was not clear if Sena would be part of the expansion of the ministry.
Sena wanted the BJP to sort out unresolved issues over it joining the Devendra Fadnavis government in Maharashtra first.
It is, however, not clear if both parties have reached an understanding over their reunion in Maharashtra after their split before the Assembly elections.
The Sena chief has demanded that his party should be inducted into the Fadanvis government before it faces the trust vote.
“The picture will be clear tomorrow after meeting of Sena legislators,” Uddhav had told reporters here last night.
Thackeray is slated to attend a meeting of Sena legislators in Mumbai today, ahead of the Assembly session beginning tomorrow in which the BJP government will seek trust vote.
TAGS: Anil Desai Cabinet Minister Narendra Modi Shiv Sena
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

Suresh Prabhu returns to theCabinetPrint
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 2:24 pm
A qualified Chartered Accountant, Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu returns to the Union Cabinet after having served in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government during when he won kudos for imparting a new dynamism to the functioning of the Power Ministry.
That the 61-year-old banker-politician from coastal Konkan was in good books of the Narendra Modi regime became evident after he was appointed head of a government panel on power revamp called Advisory Group for Integrated Development of Power, Coal and Renewable Energy.
Prabhu was also appointed as Modi’s ‘sherpa’ to assist the Prime Minister at the upcoming G20 summit in Brisbane.
There were reports in Maharashtra political circles that Modi wanted him at the Centre despite the logjam in ties between the two former allies Shiv Sena and BJP ahead of last month’s Assembly elections in Maharashtra.
Prabhu has represented the Rajapur Lok Sabha constituency in Konkan four times, from 1996 to 2009. He lost his seat in the 2009 general election. This is the same constituency which late Janata Party leader Madhu Dandavate had represented.
Prabhu’s decision to call of his visit to Wharton School as a mark of protest against the cancellation of Modi’s keynote address at the Wharton India Economic Forum 2013 won him admirers.
During Vajpayee’s tenure from 1998 to 2004, Prabhu was Industry Minister, Minister of Environment and Forests, Minister of Fertilizers & Chemicals, Power, Heavy Industry and Public Enterprises.
His efforts to streamline the functioning of the Power Ministry were appreciated and he tried to ensure the all round development of this crucial sector.
Prabhu was also Chairman of Task Force for Interlinking of Rivers.
He was elected a member of the World Bank parliamentary network and nominated as the Chairman of the South Asia Water conference.

Nadda  a master strategist gets his reward  enters UnionCabinetPrint
Bharatiya Janata Party leaders Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi (C), Ram Kirpal Yadav and JP Nadda after a breakfast meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at his residence before their induction into the Cabinet (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 2:11 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 9:12 pm
A master-strategist and a trusted lieutenant of Prime Minister Narendra Modi as well as BJP President Amit Shah, Jagat Prakash Nadda’s entry into the Government is a vindication of his efficiency and dependability who prefers to work behind the scenes.
A prominent student leader during his college days, mild-mannered Nadda, 53, known as a tough task master, was a strong contender for the post of BJP President but extended full support to Shah after losing out on the race earlier this year.
Nadda is seen as a member of the most powerful troika along with Modi and Shah. He is known to be part of all major decision making processes in the party and is likely to be the bridge between the party and the government.
He also enjoys support from the RSS and has good equations with all prominent leaders of the BJP.
Born on December 2, 1960 in Patna, Nadda has emerged as a very strong political figure from Himachal Pradesh in the last few years where he was an MLA before entering the Rajya Sabha.
Nadda was involved in student politics and became the active member of ABVP. He won the polls to become Secretary of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad in Patna University in 1977. He had served ABVP for nearly 13 years from 1977-1990 and held various key positions.
At the age of 31, Nadda had become National President of BJP Yuva Morcha in 1991. He has been BJP’s National General Secretary since May 2010.
His involvement with BJP from that young age has made him realize the importance of training at the grass root level. He also takes personality development and time management workshops for the party workers.
Nadda was member of Himachal Legislative Assembly from 1993-98, 1998-2003 and 2007-2012.
He served as Health Minister in the state from 1998-2003 and from 2008-2010, Minister of Forest and Environment, Science and Technology.
In April 2012, he was elected to Rajya Sabha and has been member of various Parliamentary Committees.
Nadda was inspired by the JP Movement and joined students politics. His father was a Vice Chancellor  in Patna University.
He spent his youth in Bihar before moving to Himachal Pradesh.

Adil Hussain plans to direct AssamesefilmThe actor is busy promoting his film "Zed Plus", a socio-political satire on existing polity.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 9, 2014 1:46 pm
Versatile and critically acclaimed actor Adil Hussain is set to wield the megaphone with an Assamese film, about a man and elephant. But he doesn’t like to be called a director.
“I’m thinking of making an Assamese film yes, I found a script writer. Direction is not the right word…I am collaborating with the cinematographers and other members of the team. The word ‘director’ carries so much of arrogance, so I don’t feel like using it …its similar to dictator,” Adil told IANS.
The film is inspired by a story that the actor read 20 years ago.
“It stayed with me. I thought let’s go ahead with…it (the film) needs lots of preparations and money. We luckily have the money in place, the script needs a lot of time” he said, adding that the movie will narrate a “sensitive story about an elephant and a man”.
Meanwhile, the actor is busy promoting his film “Zed Plus”, a socio-political satire on existing polity.
The film is an uncommon story of a common man.
Talking about the ‘common man’, Adil said: “Common man is a man who believes is simple life. He has the ability to support the entire society. Common man is so uncommon in so many ways. They have small dreams and small wishes in life.”
“Zed Plus” also features Mona Singh, Mukesh Tiwari and Sanjay Mishra. Directed by Chandraprakash Dwivedi, the movie will release Nov 28.

India and the Middle East: Finding a NewBalanceUnion Home Minister Rajnath Singh during a meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at Tel Aviv in Israel on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Written by C Raja Mohan | Posted: November 9, 2014 1:44 pm
Last week saw the unfolding of a more balanced policy towards the Middle East under the government of Narendra Modi. Home Minister Rajnath Singh was in Tel Aviv in a demonstration of India’s new warmth towards Israel. Meanwhile in Delhi, the Ministry of External Affairs unveiled an effort to intensify the engagement with the Arab world.
Conservatives in India’s foreign policy establishment might find the new approach to the region somewhat disconcerting. Realists, however, would say the the government of Narendra Modi is bringing pragmatism and transparency to India’s Middle East policy. About time.
Consider, in contrast, UPA government’s self-defeating policies towards the region. Yielding to domestic political considerations, the Congress leadership sought to limit political engagement with Israel and undermined the new political consensus on Israel that had emerged under Prime Ministers P.V. Narasimha Rao and Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
The former established full diplomatic relations with Israel and the latter instituted high level political engagement with the Jewish nation. During those years, chief ministers representing various political hues traveled ot Israel. Among those was Jyoti Basu of West Bengal, arguably the tallest communist leader India had produced.
But the Congress President Sonia Gandhi, under pressure from Prakash Karat of CPM, frowned upon the relationship with Israel. Fortunately, the UPA government did not scuttle the security cooperation that had developed in the previous decade.
The UPA government’s schizophrenia made India’s relationship with Israel look clandestine. Cynics in Israel would point out that Delhi was treating Tel Aviv as a “mistress”–engage in private but refuse to be seen with in public.
The Modi government is having none of that. It has renewed open and transparent engagement with Israel. Overruling opposition in the foreign policy establishment, Modi met the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on the margins of the United Nations, during his visit to the United States in September.
This has been followed by the visit of the Israeli National Security Adviser to Delhi last month and home minister Singh’s trip to Tel Aviv last week. The two sides have agreed to intensify bilateral security cooperation.
Israel’s elder statesman Shimon Peres, was in Delhi to renew contact with the Indian political leadership. He met Modi as well as Sonia Gandhi. If all goes well, Modi could soon visit Israel and become the first Indian Prime Minister to do so.
It is tempting to see the Modi’s government’s outreach to Israel through an ideological lens. There is no denying the special warmth for Israel within the Hindutva parivar. But the record of the BJP in power, has been anything but ideological.
While expanded the partnership with Israel, Vajpayee devoted special attention to the pursuit of India’s vital interests in the Middle East. The NDA government has begun to do the same.
Modi is acutely conscious of India’s expansive stakes in the Arab Gulf–as the principal external source of India’s continued…

I am highly critical about myself: HarshadChopraHarshad says the self-imposed hiatus, owing to his mother's poor health, did not bother him because he is not an insecure actor.
By: Press Trust of India | New Dellhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 1:43 pm
Actor Harshad Chopra, who is currently seen on TV show ‘Humsafars’, says he is very critical about his work and is never satisfied with himself.
Though Harshad is said to be one of the most popular actors on the small screen, the 31-year-old star always finds faults in his performances.
“I rarely like my own work and am critical about my performances. I am not satisfied with my work. Whenever I watch my shows, I feel I could have done better in so many scenes. In fact when I see ‘Humsafars’, I feel I lack consistency right now. There are scenes where I am good and then there are moments where I am not completely into the scene. I judge myself a lot,” Harshad told PTI.
The actor says he feels lucky to be a part of ‘Humsafars’, which airs on Sony, as his character in the show is well-etched and hopes to do justice to it.
“I am hoping after a few episodes I will be totally into the groove like it happens with other actors. It is the initial period so there is some inconsistency,” he said.
Harshad, who has made comeback on TV after two years with the romantic drama, feels nervous about audiences reaction as he has prepared a lot for the role.
“When you work hard, you are more nervous because you know this is the best I can do, this is my best attempt. So, I am feeling anxious. I have worked a lot on my voice modulation for the character because I wanted it to be perfect. In my previous shows, I have had flaws in voice modulation but this time I wanted it to be right,” the ‘Saubhagyavati Bhava’ star said.
Harshad says the self-imposed hiatus, owing to his mother’s poor health, did not bother him because he is not an insecure actor.
“I willingly took a break. I never felt insecure that other actors might get ahead of me in that time or I might lose on good projects because my mind was totally into my personal problem. So it did not matter to me that I was away for two years. I was being offered shows so I did not feel out of demand,” he said.

Love to give quirky names to my characters in films: RajkumarHiraniBy: Press Trust of India | Noida | Posted: November 9, 2014 1:30 pm
Rajkumar Hirani has always used interesting-sounding names in his films, be it Circuit in ‘Munna Bhai’ or Ranchodas Shamaldas Chanchad in ‘3 Idiots’, and the director says he enjoys coming up with quirky moniker for his characters.
In his upcoming film ‘PK’ starring Aamir Khan, the 51-year-old director has again gone the unusual way with naming his characters- Sanjay Dutt plays Bhairon Singh and Anushka Sharma is titled Jagat Janani.
“Whenever we write a script we try and think of unusual names for the characters. We had Ranchodas Shamaldas Chanchad and Phunsukh Wangdu in ‘3 Idiots’. Who gives the hero such unusual names? In Bollywood movies we have very simple names. But I like to keep it quirky,” Hirani said during the launch of the first song from ‘PK’ titled ‘Tharki Chokro’ here last evening.
The director, however, did not reveal what ‘PK’ stands for.
“When you watch the film you will come to know what ‘PK’ stands for. But I can say that it will be very unusual.”
Hirani says ‘PK’ is a very special film for him because it stars his two favourite actors- Dutt and Aamir. Hirani has worked with Dutt, 55, in ‘Munna Bhai MBBS’ and ‘Lage Raho Munna Bhai’, while he has collaborated with Aamir on ‘3 Idiots’.
“This film means a lot to me because it has both Sanju and Aamir in it. I could not have asked for anything more,” he said.
‘PK’, produced by Hirani, Vidhu Vinod Chopra and Siddharth Roy Kapur, also stars Sushant Singh Rajput, Boman Irani, Saurabh Shukla among others.
The film will hit theatres on December 19.

It s time we stop over-dependence on  fickle FIIs : ParekhThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Manohar Parrikar Resigns; Laxmikant Parsekar Sworn in as Goa CMThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

2 Americans held in North Korea whisked back homeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Earn online doing some simple tasks and surveys.. its genuine and not ...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Just begning of northwards journey in respect of performance because o...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Narendra modi government pushes for walk the talk on solar energy - - ...757 Followers
Narendra Modi government pushes for walk the talk on solar energy - - - - - -$$$$
overnments in India are often seen exhorting people to adopt renewable power and save energy but now the NDA government wants to walk the talk on the issue. The union ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE) has asked all the union ministries and public sector units to adopt solar energy and install rooftop solar units to not just save energy but inspire the common man too.
A letter in this regard was sent by MNRE secretary Upendra Tripathy to all union ministries and public sector units around August 20 and so far the ministry has received encouraging response from about 50 such units and ministries who wants to go ahead with the plan.
"The letter was sent to all central government ministries and departments and around 250 public section undertakings. Nearly 50 of them have already replied showing their interest in following our suggestions," a senior MNRE official told dna.
The letter MNRE has sent simply suggests to these departments and ministries to adopt solar power and install rooftop solar power systems.
"We have also asked them to assess the solar power potential. We are trying to explore the tariff of power they are consuming. Now, if that is more than the cost of solar power, then these departments can easily switch to solar power whose cost hovers around Rs 6.5 per unit," the MNRE official explained.
The ministry for renewable energy now plans to actively take up the matter with the departments who have given the encouraging response.
"We have been going full throttle on renewable energy but if government itself walks the talk on the issue then it would inspire others to follow the same path. We would be able to inspire the common man to do the same. Also naturally it would result in saving of crores," the MNRE official added.
Another senior MNRE official stated that renewable sector especially solar power has got a much needed push after prime minister Narendra Modi led NDA government came into power.
"PM Narendra Modi`s love and attention for solar power is well known since his days as Gujarat chief minister. During his stint as Gujarat CM he had taken up canal top solar power plants. Thus that makes things a little easier for us to push," the MNRE official added.
Solar mission
India already has a focused solar mission - Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission – which was launched in January, 2010 and it has set an ambitious target of deploying 20,000 MW of grid connected solar power by 2022

Nadda  a master strategist gets his rewardNadda, a master strategist gets his reward
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
A master strategist and a trusted lieutenant of Prime Minister Narendra Modi as well as BJP President Amit Shah, Jagat Prakash Nadda’s entry into the Government is a vindication of his efficiency and dependability who prefers to work behind the scenes.
A prominent student leader during his college days, mild-mannered Nadda, 53, known as a tough task master, was a strong contender for the post of BJP President but extended full support to Shah after losing out on the race earlier this year.
Nadda is seen as a member of the most powerful troika along with Modi and Shah. He is known to be part of all major decision-making processes in the party and is likely to be the bridge between the party and the government.
He also enjoys support from RSS and has good equations with all prominent leaders of BJP.
Born on December 2, 1960 in Patna, Nadda has emerged as a very strong political figure from Himachal Pradesh in the last few years where he was an MLA before entering the Rajya Sabha.
Nadda was involved in student politics and became an active member of ABVP. He won the polls to become the Secretary of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad in Patna University in 1977. He had served ABVP for nearly 13 years from 1977-1990 and held various key positions.
At the age of 31, Nadda had become National President of BJP Yuva Morcha in 1991. He has been BJP’s National General Secretary since May 2010.
His involvement with BJP has made him realise the importance of training at the grass-root level. He also takes personality development and time management workshops for the party workers.
Nadda was a member of Himachal Legislative Assembly from 1993-98, 1998-2003 and 2007-2012.
He served as Health Minister in the State from 1998-2003 and from 2008-2010, Minister of Forest and Environment, Science and Technology.
In April 2012, he was elected to the Rajya Sabha and has been member of various Parliamentary Committees.
Nadda was inspired by the JP Movement and joined students politics. His father was a Vice-Chancellor in Patna University.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

BRICS bank welcome alternative to fund infraBRICS Bank
(Multiple institutions…)
NEW DELHI: The recently created BRICS bank is a welcome development in having multiple funding options for the much-needed investment for the infrastructure sector, Suresh Prabhu , Prime Minister's Narendra Modi's key interlocutor for G20 said Sunday.
There are multiple agencies, multiple entry points to make infrastructure investment happen. I don't see why there should be any problem with multiple players, Prabhu said referring the BRICS bank at the India Global Forum hosted by the International Institute for Strategic Studies.
Multiple institutions should add value, he said. The BRICS bank has been established by (Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa).
World Bank was the only multilateral institution earlier and its affiliate, IFC (International Finance Corp), for financing the private sector. In India we have multiple players in infrastructure investment, multiple commercial banks, development bank institutions, non-banking finance companies (NBFCs).
Pointing out that many countries have been complaining of economic imbalances in view of the massive reserves, especially the emerging economies, have built up and are waiting to invest this money in infrastructure.
In the BRICS countries, especially China with $4 trillion in savings, there are large reserves of financial resources. The BRICS bank was formed with the idea of addressing this among other issues, Prabhu said.
The BRICS development bank and the Contingent Reserve Arrangement are seen as a counterweight to the West-dominated financial organisations, the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund.
The bloc accounts for over 40 percent of the global population and has a combined gross domestic product (GDP) of $24 trillion.
The bank was approved by BRICS leaders at their July summit held in the Brazilian city of Fortaleza , where Brazil took over the rotating chair of the group.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Honda to shore up high performance bikes sal...Honda to shore up sales of high performance bikes in India
By PTI | 9 Nov, 2014, 01.33PM IST
Tweet
The company's two-wheeler Indian arm Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI) will start the programme with its CBR 650 model.
VALENCIA ( SPAIN ): Japanese auto major Honda is looking to rev up sales of high performance bikes in the Indian market with plans to assemble them in India and sell at an affordable price.
The company's two-wheeler Indian arm Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI) will start the programme with its CBR 650 model that will be launched in the first half of the next year.
At present in the high-end category, HMSI sells only imported motorcycles with price ranging from Rs 14 lakh to Rs 31 lakh. It is seeking to tap the performance segment at affordable range by offering its upcoming model CBR650 at less than Rs 10 lakh.
"India is still a predominantly commuter motorcycle market but we are also looking to tap the higher end, enthusiasts segment. Our aim is to make the high-end segment affordable by assembling in India," HMSI President and CEO Keita Muramatsu told PTI here.
He further said: "We will launch our CBR650 model in the first half of next year. This will be assembled in India."
He said in future, depending on market demand and learnings from the CBR650, the company would look to assemble more high performance motorcycles in India.
"Manufacturing smaller bikes is completely different from assembling the high-end bikes with sophisticated technologies. So, the CBR650 is our first step to gain experience of assembling such a high-end bike in India. Once we do that and depending on the market demand we may consider assembling and selling more high performance bikes in India," Muramatsu said.
The high performance motorcycle models that Honda currently sells in India include the Gold Wing 1800, VT1300 CX, VFR1200F, CBR1000 RR and CB1000 R.
HMSI sells around 100 units annually of these bikes. It is looking to increase it further by bringing new models in the lower price band.
"The high-end motorcycle market in India is about 3,000 units a year but the majority of sales are coming from the sub-Rs 10 lakh models. So with CBR650, which will be our first high performance assembled bike in India, we will be able to sell at below Rs 10 lakh and we expect our volume to rise in the segment," HMSI Vice-President YS Guleria said.
The CBR650 will be a bike powered by an engine with four cylinders and the company is still considering whether it would be assembled from semi-knocked down or completely knocked down imported form.
HMSI has been gaining momentum quickly in the mass segment two-wheelers in India. In the April-October period this fiscal, the company sold a total of 25,77,814 units as against 20,41,411 units in the year-ago period, up 17 per cent.
PANAJI: Former Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar has said he has been asked by the BJP high command to guide the Laxmikant Parsekar-led state government , even after he takes over a bigger role at the Centre.
"I will always be guiding Goa government. I may not interfere with the state government, but I will be helping it in the policy decisions. The party high command has asked me to take that role," Parrikar told PTI, before leaving for Delhi to be inducted today into the Union Cabinet where he is tipped to get the Defence portfolio.
Parrikar, the BJP's popular face in the state, said he has been asked by the party to help the team in Goa.
"You will not find me interfering with the government, but my role would be restricted to (guiding in) policy decisions," he said.
Goa's new Chief Minister Laxmikant Parsekar had told the media yesterday that Parrikar would be consulted for important decisions, including the upcoming Cabinet expansion and allocation of portfolios.
Parrikar said during his two-and-half years' tenure as CM, he worked at a pace three times more than normal.
"I was handling the administration single-handedly. I was working for seven days, putting in 16 hours of work a day. Even if you calculate the number of hours put in, you can feel that it is two-and-half times more than normal," he said.
"God has given me a good knack of administrative capabilities. That helped me in governing the state," the 58-year-old leader said, admitting that he wanted to complete the tenure (to end in 2017).
The former chief minister said the support and love extended to him by the people of Goa was enormous.
"...Goa has a typical character. If you are loved here, you will get love in abundance and if you are hated, then people will boot you out," Parrikar said.

CERN may not have discovered elusive Higgs ...CERN may not have discovered elusive Higgs Boson: study
By PTI | 9 Nov, 2014, 12.52PM IST
0
Share More
Many calculations indicate that the particle discovered last year in the CERN particle accelerator in Switzerland was indeed the famous Higgs particle.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: The elusive Higgs boson may not have been discovered despite claims of it being detected last year, according to a new study.
Many calculations indicate that the particle discovered last year in the CERN particle accelerator in Switzerland was indeed the famous Higgs particle.
Physicists agree that the CERN experiments did find a new particle that had never been seen before, but according to an international research team, there is no conclusive evidence that the particle was indeed the Higgs particle.
The research team has scrutinised the existing scientific data from CERN about the newfound particle and published their analysis in the journal Physical Review D.
"The CERN data is generally taken as evidence that the particle is the Higgs particle. It is true that the Higgs particle can explain the data but there can be other explanations, we would also get this data from other particles," said Mads Toudal Frandsen , associate professor at the Centre for Cosmology and Particle Physics Phenomenology, Department of Physics , Chemistry and Pharmacy at the University of Southern Denmark .
The researchers' analysis does not debunk the possibility that CERN has discovered the Higgs particle. That is still possible - but it is equally possible that it is a different kind of particle.
"The current data is not precise enough to determine exactly what the particle is. It could be a number of other known particles," said Frandsen.
"We believe that it may be a so-called techni-higgs particle. This particle is in some ways similar to the Higgs particle - hence half of the name," Frandsen added.
Although the techni-higgs particle and Higgs particle can easily be confused in experiments, they are two very different particles belonging to two very different theories of how the universe was created, researchers said.
The Higgs particle is the missing piece in the theory called the Standard Model. This theory describes three of the four forces of nature.
"A techni-higgs particle is not an elementary particle. Instead, it consists of so-called techni-quarks, which we believe are elementary.
"Techni-quarks may bind together in various ways to form for instance techni-higgs particles, while other combinations may form dark matter. We therefore expect to find several different particles at the LHC, all built by techni-quarks," said Frandsen.
If techni-quarks exist, there must be a force to bind them together so that they can form particles. None of the four known forces of nature (gravity, the electromagnetic force, the weak nuclear force and the strong nuclear force) are any good at binding techni-quarks together.
There must therefore be a yet undiscovered force of nature. This force is called the the technicolor force, researchers said.

As it happened: Parrikar  Suresh Prabhu  Nadda  Birender Singh sworn in as Cabinet MinistersNational anthem is being played and that is the end of the swearing-in ceremony.
2.15 p.m.: Vijay Sampla sworn in as Minister of State.
2.13 p.m.: Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti sworn in as Minister of State. First female to take oath in this Cabinet expansion
2.11 p.m. Babul Supriyo sworn in as Minister of State. Second one to take oath in English
2.09 p.m. Col. Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore sworn in as Minister of State
2.07 p.m. Jayant Sinha sworn in as Minister of State.
2.05 p.m Y.S. Chowdhary sworn in as Minister of State. First one to take oath in English
2.03 p.m.: Prof. Dr. Ramshankar Katheria sworn in as Minister of State
2.01 p.m.: Hansraj Ahir sworn in as Minister of State
1.59 p.m.: Giriraj Singh sworn in as Minister of State
1.57 p.m.: Mohan Kundariya sworn in as Minister of State
1.55 p.m.: Sanwar Lal Jat sworn in as Minister of State
1.53 p.m.: Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary sworn in as Minister of State
1.51 p.m.: Ram Kripal Yadav sworn in as Minister of State
1.49 p.m. Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi sworn in as Minister of State
1.47 p.m: Dr. Mahesh Sharma sworn in as MoS (Independent Charge)
1.45 p.m.: Rajiv Pratap Rudy sworn in as MoS (Independent Charge)
1.43 p.m.: Bandaru Dattatreya sworn in as MoS (Independent charge)
1.41 p.m.: Birender Singh sworn in as Cabinet Minister
1.39 p.m.: Jagat Prakash Nadda sworn in as Cabinet Minister
1.38 p.m.: Sri Suresh Prabhu sworn in as Cabinet Minister
1.37 p.m.: Sri Manohar Parrikar sworn in as Cabinet Minister
1.35 p.m.: President Pranab Mukherjee arrives at the Rashtrapati Bhavan for the swearing-in. National anthem being played at the Rashtrapati Bhavan.
Vice President of India Hamid Ansari arrives for the swearing in ceremony. Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje, BJP president Amit Shah, L.K. Advani among others present at Rashtrapati Bhawan for the ceremony.
1.30 p.m.: Prime MInister Narendra Modi arrives at Rashtrapati Bhawan for the cabinet expansion
1.30 p.m: Swearing in ceremony of Union Cabinet begins at Rashtrapati Bhawan
1.28 p.m.: Playback singer & Asansol MP Supriyo Babul likely to be the first minister from West Bengal in the NDA government
1.26 p.m.: Shiv Sena MP Anil Desai says waiting for call from Uddhav Thackeray, unsure if taking oath or not. Dignitaries begin gathering at Rashtrapati Bhawan ahead of the Cabinet expansion
1.25 p.m.: The government in Bihar is as good as nothing; will work under leadership of Prime MInister Narendra Modi, says BJP MP Giriraj Singh
1.24 p.m.: Swearing in to take place in Durbar Hall of Rashtrapati Bhavan
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will expand his council of ministers on Sunday; an exercise that is expected to make the Cabinet more representative socially, streamline work distribution, and balance power equations — both within the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and with allies. Manohar Parrikar, Suresh Prabhu, Virender Singh and JP Nadda are tipped to get Cabinet rank, according to sources.
In the first major expansion of the Cabinet, Mr. Modi will include several new faces and reshuffle a couple of ministers to give wider State-wise representation.
Cabinet rank
Manohar Parrikar (Defence) He is the first IITian to become the Chief Minister of any Indian state. Mr. Parrikar said that he had decided to accept the offer of Union Cabinet seat as a matter of “national interest” although he also said that he was extremely attached to Goa.
Suresh Prabhu (Railways) Suresh Prabhu, a former Cabinet minister, is the head of a high-level panel on power revamp — “Advisory Group for Integrated Development of Power, Coal and Renewable Energy”. Mr. Prabhu was the initiator of reforms in the power sector during his tenure as Power Minister in the former NDA government when he had piloted the integrated electricity bill and the law for setting up a regulator.
J.P. Nadda (Health and Family Welfare) He is a Rajya Sabha member from Himachal Pradesh and also the national general secretary of the BJP. He also served as the President of Olympic Association, Himachal Pradesh from 2008 to 2012.
Birender Singh (Rural Development, Panchayati Raj and Drinking Water and Sanitation) He is a Jat leader from Haryana. In August, Birendra Singh ended his four-decade-long association with the Congress and joined the BJP. Mr. Singh is one of the many Congress leaders to have shifted their loyalties to the BJP in the recent months.
MoS (Independent Charge) rank
Bandaru Dattatreya (Labour and Employment) He is a former Union Minister for Railways and was appointed as chairman of parliamentary committee on OBC welfare. He was re-elected to 16th Lok Sabha from Secunderabad Constituency.
Rajiv Pratap Rudy (Skill Development & Entrepreneurship) He is the BJP MP from Saran constituency in Bihar. He was the civil aviation minister in the previous NDA government. In the 2014 Lok Sabha elections Mr. Rudy defeated former Bihar CM Rabri Devi.
Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi (Minority Affairs) Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi is BJP’s prominent Muslim face and is a vice-president of the party. He is also the party’s youth wing president. In 1998 he was appointed Minister of State in the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting and was also given responsibility over the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs.
MoS rank
Ram Kripal Yadav (Drinking Water & Sanitation) The BJP Patliputra MP will be the party’s “Yadav” face in next year’s Assembly elections, challenging his erstwhile leader and Rashtriya Janata Dal chief Lalu Prasad.
Giriraj Singh (Micro, Small & Medium Enterprises) A senior party leader who recently stoked controversy with his speeches during the election campaign wherein he said that those who opposed Modi belong in Pakistan. The statement drew flak from the Opposition parties and Election Commission. The BJP distanced itself from Mr Singh’s remarks.
Hansraj Gangaram Ahir (Chemicals & Fertilizers) He is an MP from Maharashtra who is credited with uncovering the coal block scam.
Y.S. Chowdary (Science and Technology and Earth Science) A first-time Rajya Sabha member, Mr. Chowdary is the second MP from the Telugu Desam Party, to be inducted into the Cabinet, the first being Union Civil Aviation Minister P. Ashok Gajapathi Raju, who represents the Vizianagaram constituency. He is popularly known as ‘Sujana’ Chowdary for founding the Sujana group of industries which manufactures home appliances.
Jayant Sinha (Finance) He is the Lok Sabha MP from Hazaribagh constituency, Jharkhand. Mr Sinha, son of Yashwant Sinha was an investment professional and an alumunus of the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi, and Harvard Business School. At McKinsey, Mr. Sinha co-led the global Software and IT Services practice.
Babul Supriyo (Urban Development, Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation) He is a popular singer and BJP MP from West Bengal’s Asansol seat. He will be the first Minster from West Bengal in the National Democratic Alliance government.
Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore (Information & Broadcasting) He is a first time MP from Jaipur Rural and also an Olympian shooter. He is a recipient of Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna and Arjuna Awards.
Vijay Sampla (Social Justice & Empowerment) He is a BJP MP from Hoshiarpur Lok Sabha constituency.
Others:
MoS (Independent Charge) - Dr. Mahesh Sharma (Tourism); MoS - H.P. Chowdhary (Home Affairs), Mohan Kundariya (Agriculture), Ram Shankar Katheria (Human Resource Development), Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti (Food Processing Industries), Sanwar Lal Jat (Water Resources).

Jethmalani advocates Musharraf formula on KashmirUpdated: November 8, 2014 15:56 IST
Jethmalani advocates Musharraf formula on Kashmir
PTI
The HIndu Former BJP MP and eminent lawyer Ram Jethmalani. File photo: Rajeev Bhatt
TOPICS
democracy
"The whole purpose of the document is that there should be a secular democracy on both sides"
Advocating former Pakistan ruler Pervez Musharraf’s four-point formula on Kashmir, former BJP MP and eminent lawyer Ram Jethmalani on Saturday said the document should be the basis for a permanent solution to the Kashmir issue and that Mr. Musharraf’s efforts were “frustrated” by India.
“Musharraf came to India with a firm and honest intention.
His proposal is a fantastic solution to the Kashmir problem.
It is a wonderful document which should be the basis for a permanent solution of Kashmir. I have no difficulty in confessing that his efforts were frustrated by India and not Pakistan,” 92-year-old Jethmalani told reporters here.
Mr. Jethmalani, who is the chairman of Kashmir committee, also claimed he had made some changes to Mr. Musharraf’s proposal and the purpose of the document was that there should be a secular democracy on both sides of Kashmir.
“I have been working for Kashmir for a long time and Musharraf knew. He sent his proposal to me through a common friend. I made some changes to the document as part of the proposals on behalf of the Kashmir Committee which Musharraf accepted. The whole purpose of the document is that there should be a secular democracy on both sides,” he said.
The former union minister, who was expelled from the BJP earlier this year, said a formal body comprising of statesmen and recognised by both India and Pakistan should be there to see to it that people are not exploited by these governments.
The head of the Kashmir Committee, constituted in 2002 to reach out to separatists here, said he was in constant touch with the separatists and not all of them were “Pakistan agents”.
“They all are not Pakistan agents. It is possible that at one time they were pro-Pakistan, but I am glad to tell you that majority of them want to be with India,” he said.
Talking about the killing of two youth by Army in Chattergam, Jethmalani said the Army men involved in the incident on Monday should be dealt with according to law.
“If they did that intentionally, there should be severe punishment...they should be hanged. But it should first be thoroughly investigated as to what led to the firing,” he said.
He said Army’s presence in the state has to be “terminated as soon as the terror stops”.
Asked about curbs on separatist leaders ahead of the assembly elections, the noted legal luminary said, “I have told them (separatists) to create good evidence that they have been restrained and I will take the matter to the Supreme Court.”

India successfully test-fires nuclear-capable Agni-II missileComments
India on Sunday successfully test-fired its medium-range nuclear-capable Agni-II missile with a strike range of more than 2000 km from the Wheeler Island off Odisha coast as part of a user trial by the army.
"The trial of the surface-to-surface missile was conducted from a mobile launcher from the Launch Complex-4 of Integrated Test Range at around 9:40am," defence officials said.
Describing the test of the state-of-the-art missile as fully successful, ITR Director MVKV Prasad said, "It was a user trial conducted by the army."
Agni-II Intermediate Range Ballistic Missile (IRBM) has already been inducted into the services and today's test was carried out by the specially formed Strategic Forces Command of the Army as part of training exercise with logistic support provided by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), the officials said.
The two-stage sophisticated missile equipped with advanced high accuracy navigation system, guided by a novel scheme of state of the earth command and control system was propelled by solid rocket propellant system, they said.
"The entire trajectory of the trial tracked by a battery of sophisticated radars, telemetry observation stations, electro-optic instruments and naval ships located near the impact point in the down range area of the sea," said a DRDO scientist.
The 20-metre long Agni-II missile is a two-stage, solid-propelled ballistic missile. It has a launch weight of 17 tonnes and can carry a payload of 1000 kg over a distance of more than 2,000 km.
The Agni-II missile was developed by Advanced Systems Laboratory (ASL) and integrated by the Bharat Dynamics Limited (BDL), Hyderabad.
Agni-II is part of the Agni series of missiles developed by DRDO which includes Agni-I with 700 km range, Agni-III with 3,000 km range, Agni-IV with 4000 km range and Agni-V more than 5,000 km range, they said. The last trial of Agni-II conducted on April 7, 2013 from the same base was a total success.

Sunanda case: Cops find fluid marks on bed  carpet and broken glassComments
The police this week revisited the suite at Leela Palace hotel in south Delhi where former Union minister Sashi Tharoor’s wife Sunanda Pushkar was mysteriously found dead on January 17 this year.
Suite number 345, which was kept sealed, had been opened for the first time since the initial police investigation. Police officers privy to the probe told HT that they found some fresh evidence — fluid marks on the bed and the carpet and broken glass.
A Central Forensic Sciences Laboratory (CFSL) team and members of the AIIMS medical board that had conducted Sunanda’s autopsy on Wednesday accompanied the police to the spot.
The investigation of the crime scene took place after the AIIMS medical board in its final opinion reiterated its earlier stand that Sunanda had died of poisoning.
“They found a broken glass from the crime scene besides collecting other evidence from there. The fresh evidence will be examined by the CFSL and its report will be submitted to the police at the earliest,” said a police officer. The police had earlier said there were traces of urine on Sunanda’s bed but had not disclosed anything about traces of fluid on the carpet. 
Investigators said that they now believe that Sunanda was ‘probably’ poisoned on the intervening night of January 16 and 17. Prem Nath, deputy commissioner of police (south district) and VKPS Yadav, SHO of the Sarojini Nagar police, accompanied Dr Sudhir Kumar Gupta, head of the department of forensic medicine and toxicology, AIIMS, and CFSL forensic experts to the crime scene.
The decision to “revisit and reinvestigate” the Sunanda Pushkar case came after the Rohini Forensic Sciences Laboratory (FSL) and AIIMS submitted their fresh (second) medical board opinion to the police.
The subsequent findings of the medical board had pointed to the presence of poison in her viscera. The reports said the residue of alprax tablets found in her was non-fatal, ruling out overdose of sleeping pills.
The medical board concluded that Sunanda’s vital organs like kidney, lungs and liver were functioning normally and that her death was caused by poisoning.
The board while submitting its fresh report had suggested that the police had been lax in collecting evidence and that the case should be transferred to the CBI.
Reacting to the medical board’s suggestions, Delhi Police commissioner BS Bassi had said the fresh reports submitted to them were “inconclusive”, “muddled” and “based on conjecture”.

Pilot-cum-politician Rudy returns togovtRajiv Pratap Rudy
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 2:49 pm
A pilot-cum-politician, Rajiv Pratap Rudy returns to the Union Council of Ministers riding on BJP’s success in the assembly polls in Maharastra after the articulate leader played a key role in the party’s victory in the politically crucial state.
The induction of Rudy, who had humbled RJD chief Lalu Prasad’s wife Rabri Devi in the recent Lok sabha elections in Bihar’s Saran constituency, also signals BJP’s focus on Bihar ahead of next year’s assembly polls.
52-year-old Rudy comes from politically significant caste of Rajputs whose votes will be crucial for BJP in its aim to capture power in Bihar.
He was first made a Minister of state for Commerce and Industry in Atal Behari Vajpayee Ministry in 2001 and become Civil Aviation Minister with Independent Charge two years later.
As BJP General Secretary in-charge of Maharastra, Rudy had worked closely with party President Amit Shah and his induction into the Ministry is seen as a reward for his hardwork.
Rudy, who still holds a pilot’s license and often flies commercial flights and has a formidable reputation as a party organiser, is one of the prominent faces on Television debates.
Born on March 30, 1962 in Chhapra, Rudy was a lecturer prior to entering politics and was involved in student politics while studying at Panjab University.
He was first elected in 1990 as an MLA to Bihar Legislative Assembly and then elected to the Lok Sabha in 1996. He was re–elected for a second term to the 13th Lok Sabha in 1999.
Rudy had earlier held the post of National Vice President of the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha.
In 2004, Rudy was embroiled in a controversy following allegation that he did not pay hotel bills for stay of his family in a Goa hotel and asked Airports Authority of India to pay them.
Rudy is married to Neelam Pratap and has two daughters.

Shiv Sena skips Narendra Modis cabinetexpansionThe Shiv Sena is likely to formalise its divorce from the BJP in the meeting of party legislators. (Source: IE archive)
By: Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 9, 2014 2:31 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 4:21 pm
In a breakdown of its relationship with the BJP, the Shiv Sena did not take part in the cabinet expansion of the Narendra Modi government and is likely to take a decision of sitting in the opposition in the Maharashtra Assembly.
“We are not taking part in the cabinet expansion. A decision on our relationship with the BJP will not be taken by our party president,” Shiv Sena MP Anandrao Adsul said.
The party has also decided to call back Anil Desai who had been leading the Sena’s negotiations and was also likely to be included as a Minister of State in the central government.
“The BJP has humiliated us. There is tremendous anger in our cadre over the treatment meted out to us,” a senior Shiv Sena leader said.
The BJP has meanwhile inducted Suresh Prabhu as a minister much to the chagrin of the Sena which had been opposed to his induction as he is not an active member of the party.
The Sena had been keen that it would not commit itself to being a part of the Central Cabinet expansion plans until the BJP cleared the power-sharing agreement in Maharashtra.
The Shiv Sena is likely to formalise its divorce from the BJP in the meeting of party legislators who will be meeting in Mumbai to elect leader of the Legislature Party.
The BJP has however kept the Shiv Sena on tenterhooks by refusing to expand the Maharashtra cabinet before it wins the vote of confidence. A special session in which Legislators will be sworn in the vote of confidence will be held on Monday.

Xiaomi to raise $1.5 bn in latest funding boost: ReportApple
(The company which has dominated…)
BEIJING: Xioami, currently the world's third-largest smartphone maker, is now planning to raise about $1.5 billion in its fifth round of financing, media reports said.
The company which has dominated China's smartphone market is talking to investors and banks to roughly raise about $1.5 billion, which would be the largest investment (excluding IPO) raised by any Chinese company backed by venture capital , financial news website Jiemian of the Shanghai United Media Group reported.
"Xiaomi shipped 18 million smartphones in the third quarter, an increase of 18 percent from the previous quarter. For the first nine months, Xiaomi, whose name means "millet" in Chinese, shipped a total of 44 million units, Xiaomi founder and CEO Lei Jun said.
Xiaomi, currently the world's third-largest smartphone maker after Samsung and Apple , will use $1 billion to expand its own TV content for which they have hired Chen Tong , former editor-in-chief of popular news portal Sina.com , to revamp its Internet video business, Xinhua news agency reported.
One of the investors is said to be DST Global, a London-based investment firm that focuses on Internet companies, Jiemian reported.
"Xiaomi, one of the large Chinese technology companies, valued at $50 billion would tap the IPO market next year," Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post reported.
The company is seen by investors as the most likely candidate to become the next "Chinese IT legend" after Alibaba, which completed a $25 billion IPO in the United States in September.
According to International Data Corporation , Xiaomi's global market share stood at 5.3 per cent, following Samsung's 23.8 per cent and Apple's 12 per cent in the third quarter of this year, bringing it on number 3 position onto the list of top 5 manufacturers for the first time.
Xiaomi was founded in April 2010 by Lei and his friends in Zhongguancun, Beijing's technology hub, which has been called China's Silicon Valley , their first smartphone debuted on August 16, 2011.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No dialogue with Pakistan if ceasefire violation continues  says Arun JaitleyJaitley talks tough on Pak's ceasefire violation
PTI  New Delhi, November 09, 2014
First Published: 13:19 IST(9/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:28 IST(9/11/2014)
In a stern warning to Pakistan, India said on Sunday cannot be a dialogue with Islamabad if ceasefire violations are repeated.
 
"...if repeated ceasefire violations take place then environment for dialogue itself suffers," defence minister Arun Jaitley, who also holds the finance portfolio, said at the India Global Forum meeting in Delhi.
 
"Yes, there should be a dialogue. We will welcome it but then the environment for dialogue has to be created by both countries. One of them cannot upset the environment and then say why dialogue is not taking place," Jaitley said.
 
The dialogue process was derailed after Pakistan envoy met Kashmiri separatists just a day before the foreign secretary level talks in August.
 
"When we further the discussions (after swearing-in invitation) it was through foreign secretary dialogue, this was responded to by an immediate invite to the separatists particularly keeping in mind elections in J-K at the doorsteps. Now this we found completely unacceptable..." he said.
 
Noting that there are issues in Kashmir, Jaitley said the Valley had been by and large peaceful. "We are expecting a peaceful elections in the valley notwithstanding efforts to disturb the environment."  
He also praised the armed forces for showing exemplary courage in rescue and relief operations during the recent floods in the state.
 
With regard to the border issue in the eastern region, Jaitley said India is keen for expediting the process to resolve the matter.
 
"As far as China is concerned, our economic relationship continues to grow, there are a lot of mutual investments in both countries and there are huge trade between two countries," he said.
 
"But then we have a pending issue of settlement of boundary itself and the commission appointed in 2003 for that purpose; we do hope it functions now expeditiously. We (will) continue to have a meaningful dialogue with them," he added.

Laxmikant Parsekar sworn in as Goa CMLaxmikant Parsekar, a three-term MLA and former chief of state BJP, was sworn in as the new chief minister of Goa on Saturday after Manohar Parrikar resigned from the post.
File photo of Laxmikant Parsekar (Rakesh Mundye/HT Photo)
Nine other MLAs, including two from BJP’s ally Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party, also took oath. Two cabinet berths are still vacant. Parsekar said both the post would be soon filled after due deliberation.
Rajiv Pratap Rudy, central observer of the party, announced Parsekar’s name after a meeting of party MLAs. He said the choice was unanimous and there was no discontent among other contenders.
Parsekar, 68, is a two-term president of Goa BJP who started as a Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh worker. He was chosen over Assembly speaker Rajendra Arlekar and Deputy chief minister Francis D’souza.
According to sources in the party, RSS was keen on Arlekar but majority of MLAs seemed to be keen on Parsekar who was health minister in Parrikar’s cabinet. Parrikar himself was in favour of Parsekar as his successor, the sources said.  
After Prime Minister Narendra Modi asked Parrikar to join his cabinet, the latter faced a tough task in finalising his successor with three legislators showing interest in the job.
Initially, D’souza — BJP’s Catholic face in Goa — threatened to quit the cabinet if his claim was ignored by the party. He also failed to garner support of sizeable number of party MLAs.
He continues as deputy chief minister and expected to get key portfolio such as Home or Finance in the new cabinet. “I am not disappointed and have no grudge (against Parsekar). I have accepted the decision given by them,” D’souza told HT.
After taking oath of office, Parsekar said his thrust would be on the development work through teamwork. “I would not be able to keep as many portfolios as Parrikar had kept to himself. My thrust would be on the decisions by the respective ministers of the departments,” he said.
Parsekar said that the allocation of the portfolios would be done after consultation with Parrikar once he is back to Panaji next week.

Analysis: Whats behind release of 2AmericansPrint
Matthew Miller, who had been held in North Korea since April, 2014, is greeted after arriving Saturday, Nov. 8, 2014, at Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Wash., after they were freed during a top-secret mission by James Clapper, U.S. director of national intelligence. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Tokyo | Posted: November 9, 2014 3:46 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 3:50 pm
While the details behind the release of the final two Americans held in North Korea — Matthew Miller of Bakersfield, California, and Kenneth Bae of Lynnwood, Washington — are still unclear, here are questions and some answers as to what might have motivated the North to let the two men out.
Q: WHAT DOES NORTH KOREA GET OUT OF IT?
A: Pyongyang apparently got at least one thing it wanted: A senior U.S. official had to come personally to retrieve the two Americans. James Clapper, the director of national intelligence, was the highest-ranking American to visit Pyongyang in more than a decade.
A senior Obama administration official said Clapper spent roughly a day on the ground and met with North Korean security officials — but not with leader Kim Jong Un.
Clapper went with the sole purpose of bringing home the two detainees, although the U.S. anticipated that other issues of concern to the North would come up during his discussions, according to the official traveling with Obama to Beijing. The official said that North Koreans indicated in recent weeks that they would release the detainees if the U.S. sent a high-level official from Obama’s administration.
Clapper’s visit in itself is something of a coup for Pyongyang, which has for months been pursuing a high-profile campaign to keep the detainees’ situation on Washington’s radar.
As part of that effort, the North had allowed the men, along with a third detainee, Jeffrey Fowle, who was released last month, to meet with The Associated Press and other media. The AP met with Fowle and Miller three times. Each time, they pleaded for a senior U.S. statesman to come and bail them out.
That has been the pattern in past releases. Previously, trips have been made by former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton.
Pyongyang tends to look on such visits as stature-boosting evidence that is tantamount to an official apology — though U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry recently said Washington had no intention of offering any official apology to Pyongyang as a quid pro quo.
Q: WHY NOW?
A: There is a growing concern in North Korea over international pressure in connection with its human rights record. A recent U.N. report documented rape, torture, executions and forced labor in the North’s network of prison camps, accusing the government of “widespread, systematic and gross” human rights violations.
North Korea strongly denies those allegations, which it claims are based mainly on politically motivated statements from defectors. It released continued…

Cabinet expansion would usher in economic reformseconomy, business and finance
Industry chambers on Sunday welcomed the Cabinet expansion saying the development signals a serious intent on the part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for faster decision-making process and kicking in reforms.
“The induction of new (Cabinet) Ministers and Ministers of State would streamline governance and bring in new ideas for the economic reforms process,” said CII president Ajay Shriram.
Several of the Ministries were under a single Minister, and industry was widely expecting the expansion of the Cabinet at an early date, he added.
“The Cabinet expansion sends out a strong signal that the government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi is serious about accelerating the reforms process,” he said.
Another industry body Assocham said the expansion of the Cabinet would surely add new vitality to the government.
“The fact that some of the key portfolios will now have full time Cabinet Minister in-charge will provide speed to the decision-making in important sectors of the economy,” it said in a statement.
“Besides, induction of some leaders in the Cabinet, who enjoy clean image and are known for efficient functioning, has also sent a signal about the non-compromising attitude of the Prime Minister when it comes to these attributes,” it added.

4 parenting lessons to learn from Shahrukh Khan4 Parenting Lessons to Learn from Shah Rukh Khan
Bollywoodshaadis.com –  Mon 3 Nov, 2014 5:24 PM IST
Share 0
An actor, producer, entrepreneur, a devoted husband and the king of romance who still makes a million hearts beat for him- Shah Rukh Khan has certainly donned many hats in his lifetime. But one of his less publicised and most successful roles is of a doting father. So, let us have a look at a few parenting lessons which you can learn from the King of Bollywood.
#1. Make your kids your best friends
Gone are the days when parents were required to be strict disciplinarians. Nowadays, parents prefer to be friends with their children.
Learn from SRK: Shah Rukh once said in an interview, “I love my children not because they are my children but because I have garnered a friendship with them. I am realising this… as they are getting older, they are my greatest friends. I think my mental age is between 12 to 14, so it is nice to have two friends that I can ever have.” 
In fact, Suhana gifted her dad a beautiful friendship band on Friendship Day, prompting the actor to tweet, “Feeling friendly now.”
Recommended Read: Magical Love Story of Shah Rukh Khan and Gauri
Get inspired: Don’t talk down to your children, talk to them. Become their best buddies! 
Did you know that Shah Rukh Khan's youngest son, AbRam was born through surrogacy? Well, Shah Rukh and Gauri are not the only ones who chose to have a kid with the help of science. Read More on  Bollywood Celebrities Who Did Not Conceive Naturally
#2. Give them the freedom to choose
Nowadays, inter-faith or inter-caste marriages are pretty common. But the problem arises when a child is born. Which religion should he or she follow?  
Learn from SRK: Shah Rukh Khan has a unique solution for such parents. He says, “I don't teach my children what is Hindu and what is Muslim.” 
A liberal man, Shah Rukh, keeps idols of Hindu Gods right next to his Quran. He believes that children should know about God and nothing else. Well, not just this. Shah Rukh Khan has named his youngest son AbRam, and talking about his choice of such a unique name the actor has been quoted saying, “His name is based on a variation of Prophet Abraham. And, I liked the connotation that it is kind of a secular name (with the word ‘Ram’ in it).”
Recommended Read: The Love Story of Anjali and Sachin Tendulkar
#3. Time over money
Many parents feel guilty about the fact that they don’t spend enough time with their children. So, they shower their kids with expensive gifts to make up for the lack of time. 
Learn from SRK: Voted to be one of the 'super dads' of Bollywood by many leading newspapers time and again, SRK ensures that he makes time for small pleasures of life. He once stepped out on the streets to take Suhana for her first bike ride. It was an emotional moment for him and he tweeted,"One of those days when I go through the emotions. Cycling with Suhana was the highlight.. need to do it more."
He even attends taekwondo tournaments, whenever Suhana and Aryan participate. He gives them pep talks before their bouts and cheers the loudest when they win. He drives to airport to fetch Aryan everytime he comes to visit his parents from London.
Get inspired: Make time to be with your little ones. Presentations will come and go, but your baby’s childhood will never return.
Don't Miss:  4 Bollywood Celebs Who did not have Kids after Marriage
#4. Protect your children
You must give your children a chance to fight their own battles, but there are times when they need your tender loving care too.
Learn from SRK: Shah Rukh Khan was widely criticised for misbehaving with the guards in Mumbai's Wankhede stadium, but he still remains unapologetic about it. He maintains, “I took little children for the match and 40 grown-up people came charging aggressively at me. I think my behaviour is absolutely correct. I would still do the same thing if they misbehaved with my kids or kids that I am taking care of.” 
SRK also does not want his children to be in the media glare and it is for this reason, he sent his son Aryan to study abroad, where he will be away from the limelight. Even after his third child AbRam was born, Shah Rukh made the decision of keeping him away from the media glare. He has even said, “He (AbRam) is not meant for flashbulbs. I don’t want him to be a participant in this circus of public life that I am a part of. That is what I do… Public life… The good, bad, ugly, goodness of media, the strangeness… I am part of it, not my children."
Want to read about some more doting dads of Bollywood? Then, take a look at  Bollywood Celebrity Husbands who took Paternity Leave for their Wives
Get inspired: Sometimes it is okay to intervene in your children’s matters if things are going out of hand.
Well, this doting dad certainly knows how to be a father and friend to his kids. So, are you feeling inspired by this Bollywood father?
YOU MAY LIKE TO READ
1 - 4 of 71

UN rights chief accuses Sri Lanka of sabotaging war crimes probePrint
By: Press Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: November 8, 2014 11:55 am
The UN rights chief has accused Sri Lanka of sabotaging a UN-mandated war crimes probe into the country’s nearly three decades-long brutal civil, saying the refusal to cooperate with the investigation raises concerns about the integrity of the government.
“This continuing campaign of distortion and disinformation about the investigation, as well as the insidious attempts to prevent possible bona fide witnesses from submitting information to the investigating team, is an affront to the United Nations Human Rights Council which mandated the investigation,” said UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra’ad Al Hussein.
He criticised the continuing attacks by the government on the integrity of the UN Human Rights Office’s ongoing investigation into the alleged grave human rights violations and abuses in Sri Lanka and condemned the intimidation of human rights defenders and individuals who may wish to cooperate with the investigation.
“The Government of Sri Lanka has refused point blank to cooperate with the investigation despite being explicitly requested by the Human Rights Council to do so,” Zeid said.
“Such a refusal does not, however, undermine the integrity of an investigation set up by the Council –- instead it raises concerns about the integrity of the government in question. Why would governments with nothing to hide go to such extraordinary lengths to sabotage an impartial international investigation?” he said.
“Since the end of the conflict in 2009, Sri Lanka has continued to obstruct any independent investigation despite the persistent, compelling and widespread allegations that possible serious international crimes were committed by both sides during the conflict in Sri Lanka,” Zeid said.
The Human Rights Council had adopted a resolution in March requesting the office of the high commissioner for human rights “to undertake a comprehensive investigation into alleged serious violations and abuses of human rights and related crimes by both parties in Sri Lanka.”
The Council also requested the High Commissioner to present a comprehensive report resulting from that investigation to its 28th session in March, 2015.
Sri Lanka dubs the UN investigation as one which impedes its sovereignty.
The UNHRC resolution had alleged war crimes blamed on both government troops and LTTE rebels during the final phase of the nearly three decades-long civil war.
The UN says 30,000 people were killed towards the end of the ethnic conflict in 2009 when the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) was finally crushed.
Zeid said the Sri Lankan government’s attempts to deter and intimidate individuals from submitting evidence to a UN investigation team is unacceptable conduct for any member state and a “wall of fear” has undoubtedly served to deter people from submitting evidence.
Sri Lankan civil society organisations and human rights defenders have continued to be subjected to surveillance, harassment and other forms of intimidation, he said.
The High Commissioner also rejected this week’s “false and unsubstantiated accusations by the Sri Lankan Government that the conduct of the investigation has been “unprofessional” and that its approach is “selective and biased.”
He rejected as “absurd” the accusation that the investigation was compromised by the arrest of a man who was allegedly in possession of blank continued…

Hello Uncle! Hello Aunty!human interest
On being pushed up in the seniority stakes after marriage, no matter what your age.
We all know that age carries clout in India. As the website indianchild.com says, “Respect for elders is a major component in Indian culture”. In ancient times, this meant that youngsters would touch the feet of elders in greeting, talk to them deferentially and fetch things for them. But the modern guideline for respecting elders in India is crisper: simply address them ‘uncle’ and ‘aunty’.
I discovered this truth early in my marriage, at the tender age of 24. An older couple and their three-year-old daughter were staying in the ground floor of our apartment building. On our first visit to their house, the girl smiled sweetly at us and said, “Hello uncle; hello aunty’. My wife and I found it endearing to be addressed like this by the little one. Two days later, we were trudging up the stairs to our flat when the door of the apartment on the second floor opened and a man walked out. He politely moved out of the way to let us pass and said, “Hullo uncle; hullo aunty.” I looked at him closely. He had a thick moustache and a three-day stubble that made him look older than me. Yet he was calling me ‘uncle’ and his only excuse was that I was married!
“Hullo,” I said coldly and offered my hand. “I’m Paddy. And you?”
As he shook hands with me, his smile became friendlier. I thought he had recognised his error and would now address me by my name. “I’m Ajit, uncle,” he said. “I just finished my B. Com and am looking for a job.” Maybe he needed a broader hint. “I’m a graduate engineering trainee at Telco,” I said, subtly conveying that I had an engineering degree and had just got a job, and was, therefore, not more than two years older than him. “That’s great, uncle,” he said. “My dad works there too, at the forge.” After that initiation, my wife and I became reconciled to being addressed as ‘uncle’ and ‘aunty’ by men and women who did not look much younger than us. We would return their greetings graciously and later, in the privacy of our bedroom, have a quiet laugh together. A few years later, on another staircase to another flat in another city, we met another young man.
At six feet five inches, he towered over us and, in the dimly lit corridor, looked a shade dangerous. I remember thinking that if I had met him in a dark, lonely alley, I’d have handed him my wallet and watch without waiting to be asked. But, as he greeted us, it was obvious that he had met my wife, “Hello akka (elder sister),” he said, “nice to see you again.” I smiled with pleasure at his ability to impart respect without making my wife feel ancient. As I beamed at him, I noticed how pleasant and gentle he was and wondered how I could have thought he looked dangerous.
“And is this your husband?” the fine fellow continued. As my wife nodded, he turned to me and offered his hand. “Hullo uncle! So nice to meet you at last.”
“Nasty specimen,” I said to my wife when we entered our flat. “Doesn’t he look like a villain.?”
“No!” she said. “I think he looks sweet and innocent.”
I realised that as long as we had shared the rewards of seniority equally and had been able to laugh together at the foibles of youth, things had been bearable. But now it appeared that I might overtake my wife on the path to seniority. I felt a shiver go down my spine. What if, over the years, I got promoted from ‘uncle’ to thatha (grandfather) while she remained akka? Luckily, that didn’t happen. Apart from the occasional akka thrown her way, we’ve collected an equal quota of ‘uncles’ and ‘aunties’ from an array of fellow Indians in different places and at different times. Just last week, returning from an outing, we saw a couple in their late forties struggling with their shopping at the entrance to our apartment. The man was balding and, among the few hairs left on his head, the colour grey dominated. My wife and I helped them by picking up a few bags and carrying them to the lift. “Thank you so much,” the man said as the lift came to a stop. I began to smile to imply ‘it was no trouble’ when he continued, “It’s so kind of you, uncle.”
“I think I have more hair on my head than you,” I wanted to say but he had left the lift. Two days after this I was talking to my 26-year-old son in Mumbai. “You won’t believe this, appa,” he said. “In the lift today, I met a man in his thirties and his three-year-old son. The boy called me ‘uncle’! I felt very old.”
“Don’t worry,” I told him. “Once you marry, the boy’s father will also call you ‘uncle’!”
Paddy Rangappa is a freelance writer.
E-mail: Paddy.Rangappa@apmea.mcd.com

Soon  Retain Your Phone Number Across All StatesYou are here: Home Industries
Telecom Firms Asked to Implement Full Mobile Number Portability by May
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 07, 2014 18:41 (IST)
Government May Make PAN Must for Registering Charitable Trusts
New Delhi: The government has asked telecom companies to implement full mobile number portability (MNP) by May 3, a move that will enable subscribers to retain their numbers when they shift to other states or licensed service areas.
Currently, MNP norms allow users to retain their numbers while changing their operators within the same service area. India has 22 telecom circles, or service areas.
Under the full MNP regime, a subscriber in Delhi NCR, for instance, will be able to switch to the network of either the same or any other telecom operator in a different state while retaining the same mobile number.
"Intra licensed service area MNP has already been implemented in the year 2010-11. Now, it has been decided to implement the facility of full MNP in the country which will enable the subscribers to port their mobile numbers across the licensed service area also," the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) said in a letter to telecom operators dated November 3.
DoT said that in order to implement full MNP, the word 'each intra' is modified to be read as 'inter and intra' in the instructions for MNP, which were issued on May 6, 2009.
"The telecom service providers are being given six months' time to implement full MNP from the date of issuance of these instructions," DoT said.
As per the data released by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI), about 13 crore people had requested for MNP facility as of August 31.
Story first published on: November 07, 2014 18:39 (IST)

Bering Sea storm now strongest on record in North PacificBy Angela Fritz November 8 Follow @angelafritz
Satellite image of the Bering Sea Storm. (University of Dundee)
The Bering Sea storm, born from the remnants of Typhoon Nuri , is now the strongest storm on record (since the 1970s*) in the North Pacific, clocking a low pressure of 924 millibars.
The previous low pressure record for the region is 925-927 millibars, which was recorded at Dutch Harbor in 1977. The lowest extratropical pressure on record for any location is 913 millibars, which was set in the North Sea east of Scotland  in 1993.
The record low pressure was analyzed by the National Weather Service’s Ocean Prediction Center early Saturday morning. The cyclone constitutes a meteorological “bomb,” which means it dropped more than 24 millibars in 24 hours. At around 50 to 60 millibars in 24 hours, the storm more than meets the criteria.
Surface analysis of the Bering Sea storm on Saturday. (NWS)
Infrared satellite image of the Bering Sea storm. (NOAA)
Low pressure system over the Bering Sea is really wrapping up. Very rapid deepening occurring. pic.twitter.com/Nz5NzkvxRC
— Becky Elliott (@WxBeck) November 8, 2014
 
The Discovery Channel show Deadliest Catch is currently filming their next season, and some of the boats decided to ride out the storm. “We have from three to five boats in the water in full production right now,” said executive producer David Pritikin in an article on Discovery News . “Some are racing back to Dutch Harbor, others will be out there fishing through it. They won’t be able to make it back in time, and they have the quota to catch.”
Discovery goes on to write:
Crewmembers of the Cape Caution, the Wizard and the Northwestern will be at sea on Saturday, along with two-member film crews from Los Angeles-based Original Productions.
Pritikin said Sig Hansen, captain of the Northwestern, is concerned about the forecasts, but is preparing to face the wind and waves.
“He’s never seen anything like this,” said Pritkin, who spoke to Hansen via satellite phone on Friday. “He’s very confused. There is absolute worry even from the top veterans who have been out there.”
Interesting RT @davidhulen : Vessels are headed for safety to avoid big Bering Sea http://t.co/UmxT2GO0bz pic.twitter.com/CPo3pOovQr
— Amy Freeze (@AmyFreeze) November 8, 2014
 
The storm’s deep intensity is forecast to start a chain reaction on the weather across North America, creating a strong ridge of high pressure over the West Coast, which will force cold, Arctic air into the lower 48 next week.
924 millibars converts to approximately 27.29 inches of mercury.
* There is no official record of North Pacific storm pressures, but – based on incomplete records and the available historical data – this storm’s pressure of 924 mb is lower than previously lowest pressure recorded in Dutch Harbor in 1977.
Full CWG coverage of the storm:

Best relations with neighbours priority of defence: Arun JaitleyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Gold price falls to multi-year low at Rs 25 800 on overseas cuesGold futures price falls on global cues
Gold and silver prices slumped to their multi-year lows to trade at Rs 25,800 per 10 grams and Rs 34,900 per kg, respectively in the national capital today amid weak cues from global markets as strengthening dollar curbed demand for the precious metals.
In addition, absence of buying by jewellers and retailers on hopes that gold may see further slide in its prices in coming days, dampened sentiments.
Bullion merchants said besides a weak trend in the global market where gold fell to its lowest level since April 2010 as surging dollar eroded demand for safe-haven, considerable fall in demand from jewellers and retailers on hopes of further correction in prices, weighed on the precious metal.
Gold in Singapore, which normally determines price trend on the domestic front, lost 0.90 per cent to USD 1,132.16 an ounce, the lowest since April 2010 and silver dropped by 2.3 per cent to USD 15.06 an ounce, the lowest since February 2010.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity dropped by Rs 100 each to trade at Rs 25,800 and Rs 25,600 per 10 grams, respectively, a level last seen in August 2011.
Meanwhile, gold prices have declined by a whopping Rs 2,000 per 10 grams since Diwali on October 23.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 23,600 per piece of eight grams on scattered support.
In line with an overall weak trend, silver ready dipped below the Rs 35,000-mark for the first time since October 2010 to close down by Rs 150 at Rs 34,900 per kg.
Silver weekly-based delivery dipped by Rs 330 to Rs 34,400 per kg.
Silver coins, however, recovered by Rs 2,000 to Rs 59,000 for buying and Rs 60,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
TAGS: Gold Price Gold Rate Silver Price
More from commodities

Supreme Court to rule on Obama health lawSupreme Court to hear challenge to Obama healthcare law
Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/14df9fae-66b7-11e4-91ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama urged to include currency in pactBarack Obama pressed to include currency in Pacific trade deal
Shawn Donnan, World Trade Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c2fa73f0-66a5-11e4-91ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indecision on strategy against Carlsen will be disaster for AnandThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Singer-turned politician gets a berth in Modi s ministrySinger-turned politician gets a berth in Modi's ministry
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
Babul Supriyo may not have achieved the stardom he would have aspired as a singer but his political career has taken off big time as the first-time MP was today inducted as a minister in the Narendra Modi-led government.
Supriyo is one of the only two BJP MPs from the politically crucial state of West Bengal where the saffron party is working hard to emerge as an alternative to Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee-led TMC and Left parties.
The induction of the 44-year-old, who has also dabbled in acting, into the government will give West Bengal representation in the Centre and also gel with Prime Minister Modi’s thrust on empowering youth.
Not many had given Supriyo much chance after BJP announced his name from Asansol but he ran a vigorous campaign on the back of Modi’s developmental agenda and a massive rally by Modi in the constituency pitchforked him into the centre of political battle from which he emerged victorious.
His name was doing the rounds for induction in the government in May and he finally found a place in the first revamp of the ministry.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Idea offers spectrum swap to avoid mobile services disruptionIdea offers spectrum swap to avoid mobile services disruption
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
Idea Cellular has offered to swap spectrum frequencies, which it won in February, with Airtel and Vodafone so as to help avoid disruption in mobile services in Delhi.
Telecom regulator TRAI in mid-October had written to the Department of Telecom saying that mobile services in the national capital may be disrupted partially from December due to delays in the allocation of frequencies to Airtel and Vodafone, which may cause inconvenience to about 20 million subscribers.
The licences of Airtel and Vodafone are expiring in Delhi on November 29.
In February, whereas Idea won 5 Mhz of frequency spot in the 900 Mhz band, the other two operators lost a part of spectrum in this band. The spectrum won by Idea has to be freed by the two telecom operators.
In a letter to DoT, Idea has said that it “is prepared to take a central block of 896.1—901.1 Mhz block instead of currently earmarked 890.1—895.1 Mhz block, so that existing operators do not have any change of frequency in the 900 Mhz band“.
Although Airtel and Vodafone had bought spectrum afresh in February, they were allotted new frequencies only on October 10. These operators have said that it will take few weeks to adjust their networks as per the new frequency spot.
However, the company has said that DoT should not delay allocation of 5Mhz spectrum won by it in Delhi for Rs 3,705 crore. It paid upfront payment of Rs 926.2 crore on March 3.
Idea said it is ready to launch 3G service in Delhi and has committed significant capital expenditure for it.
“Any delay in spectrum beyond 30.11.2014, would result in launch of Idea services on the said 900 Mhz spectrum by an equivalent period and it totally unacceptable,” Idea said.
The company said that it is incurring interest cost of Rs 1.02 crore every day on the investment made.
Idea Cellular said it is binding on DoT to issue spectrum in time and the department will have to indemnify in case of any loss cause to the company due to the government body not fulfilling its commitment.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Pilot-cum-politician Rudy returns to govtPilot-cum-politician Rudy returns to govt
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
A pilot-cum-politician, Rajiv Pratap Rudy has returned to the Union Council of Ministers riding on BJP’s success in the Assembly polls in Maharashtra after the articulate leader played a key role in the party’s victory in the politically crucial state.
The induction of Rudy, who had humbled RJD chief Lalu Prasad’s wife Rabri Devi in the recent Lok Sabha elections in Bihar’s Saran constituency, also signals BJP’s focus on Bihar ahead of next year’s Assembly polls.
52-year-old Rudy comes from politically significant caste of Rajputs whose votes will be crucial for BJP in its aim to capture power in Bihar.
He was first made the Minister of State for Commerce and Industry in Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ministry in 2001 and became a Civil Aviation Minister with Independent Charge two years later.
As BJP General Secretary in-charge of Maharashtra, Rudy had worked closely with party President Amit Shah and his induction into the Ministry is seen as a reward for his hard work.
Rudy, who still holds a pilot’s licence and often flies commercial flights and has a formidable reputation as a party organiser, is one of the prominent faces on Television debates.
Born on March 30, 1962 in Chhapra, Rudy was a lecturer prior to entering politics and was involved in student politics while studying at Panjab University.
He was first elected in 1990 as an MLA to Bihar Legislative Assembly and then elected to the Lok Sabha in 1996. He was re-elected for a second term to the 13th Lok Sabha in 1999.
Rudy had earlier held the post of National Vice-President of the Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha.
In 2004, Rudy was embroiled in a controversy following allegation that he did not pay hotel bills for the stay of his family in a Goa hotel and asked the Airports Authority of India to pay them.
Rudy is married to Neelam Pratap and has two daughters.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

SC convicts Nagarjuna Finance Limiteds K S Raju forcontemptPrint
By: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 9, 2014 12:30 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 4:19 pm
The Supreme Court has convicted K S Raju, Promoter Director of Hyderabad-based Nagarjuna Finance Limited (NFL), for contempt of court for not refunding the money to its investors as directed by the Company Law board.
A bench of justices Vikramajit Sen and Prafulla C Pant allowed 60 days time to the company and Raju to return the money, failing which he has to undergo imprisonment for six months.
It upheld the single bench order of the Andhra Pradesh High Court which had convicted the company and Raju for contempt of court and awarded six months jail term and fine of Rs 2,000. The bench set aside the order passed by division bench of the high court which had set aside their conviction and sentence.
“If the amount is paid to the present appellant as directed by this court within 60 days, the sentence shall be reduced to the extent of fine only,” it said.
“In our opinion, K S Raju wilfully disobeyed the order of CLB and breached the undertaking given to CLB, and thereby committed Contempt of Court subordinate to HC as such the division bench of the High Court has erred in law in allowing the contempt appeal by Raju and setting aside his conviction and sentence, recorded against him by the learned single judge,” it said.
The bench passed the order on plea filed by one of the investors E Bapanaiah, who had deposited Rs 4 lakh with NFL in 1997 after the company promised that the amount would multiply to double within 45 months.
Bapanaiah had filed contempt petition in HC after the company failed to return the money alleging there is a wilful disobedience of order passed by Company Law Board, Southern Region Bench, and for breach of undertakings including one filed by Raju before CLB on refunding the money.

Women representation in Modi ministry goes upto 8Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

I dont think the result would be good.!! but you can see magic in fut...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Bank nifty will touch new highs on back of a likely 25bps crr rate cut...Platinum Member
86 Followers
Bank Nifty will touch new highs on back of a likely 25bps crr rate cut leading to credit expansion and stabilising prices . Technically trend is up in yes bank with macd line showing rise in price over next 2-3 sessions . Buy 690 ce with a sl of 672 . For complete technical analysis on Yes bank and levels to watch out for rest of november series call BlueRun Financial Services 9911 5656 12
4.29 PM Nov 9th  | Track

Monday infy will b in the range 4110-4185Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

What is your prediction of the share price after one year  even...60 Followers
what is your prediction of the share price after one year ?
even you are in share market before 2008, why are you zero with fundamentals & try to become Hero???
You must have sold at about Rs 8/-with your mind of 2008
you have already missed the bus & it is nit possible to get in again by you & Now this counter is not for you
If you have courage ,you can buy now also & will get very good amount of money in long term or with in few days see that how much you are wrong & correct yourself

Chowdarys proximity to Naidu earns him a Cabinet berthChowdary’s proximity to Naidu earns him a reward
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
Industrialist-turned-politician Yalamanchili Satyanarayana alias ‘Sujana’ Chowdary’s proximity to Chandrababu Naidu during the TDP chief’s stint as Chief Minister of undivided Andhra Pradesh in the mid-1990s has earned him a berth in the Union Council of Ministers.
One of the main fund-raisers of TDP, 53-year-old Chowdary rose in the party’s hierarchy and in recognition of his contribution to the party, Naidu offered him a Rajya Sabha seat in 2010.
Chowdary, who hails from Krishna district in coastal Andhra and belongs to the Kamma community, earned a masters’ degree in engineering, and soon after he established his own engineering business, making fans.
Continuing the success he gained in his first business, he established Sujana Group of Companies, ventured and expanded into different areas of engineering and services.
A successful entrepreneur, Chowdary’s group grew with over 6,000 employees.
According to Chowdary, he decided to join forces with TDP “to strengthen” its activities and help the downtrodden people get “a fair and due share of the fruits of democracy’’.
Born on June 2, 1961, Chowdary is a collector of antique cars and also an avid photographer.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Wondering what a $2 million bra looks likeHere's what a $2 million bra looks like
Rubies, diamonds, sapphires and more...This is what $2 million buys in the lingerie department.
By Katie Little | CNBC –  Mon 3 Nov, 2014 9:37 PM IST
Share 0
L Brands' ( LB ) Victoria's Secret unveiled two $2 million Fantasy Bras on Monday that will be the highlight of its annual holiday showcase set to air December 9.
This marks the first time that two Victoria's Secret Angels will wear the pricey bras and body pieces on the catwalk.
So what sort of bling and craftsmanship does a $2 million bra include?
— Victoria's Secret (@VictoriasSecret) November 2, 2014
The bras, which were designed by jeweler Mouawad, are decorated with more than 16,000 precious gems, including rubies, diamonds, and sapphires. The models will also wear body pieces with gemstones and 18K gold.
Thank you to @AdrianaLima and @AngelAlessandra for stopping by the #SocialSquare and taking over our @Instagram . pic.twitter.com/pjtif7AQiZ
— Good Morning America (@GMA) November 3, 2014
While the bras are still pricey, they represent a bargain compared to last year's $10 million Fantasy Bra.
To read more about last year's $10 million bra, click here .
The Bra Code: 10 Things You Must Know About Your Pretty Underthings
1 / 11

India will not adopt tech rejected by West: GoyalIndia will not adopt a technology discarded by the Western countries even if it is clean energy, till we are convinced about its viability and safety, Piyush Goyal, minister for power, coal and renewable energy, said here on Thursday.
He also reiterated the government’s commitment to provide electricity to every household in India by 2019.
“This government would like to be cautious that we are not being saddled with something only under the garb of clean energy or alternate energy; something which the West has discarded and is sought to be brought to India,” Goyal said at the India Economic Summit organised by the World Economic Forum and the Confederation of Indian Industry.
Adding that the government is looking at all options on nuclear energy, Goyal said, “Nuclear has potential and opportunities for India. This government is considering all options. We are trying to see how we can address the nuclear liability restrictions.”
Underlining the importance of nuclear energy in India’s energy basket, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had asked scientists from the Department of Atomic Energy in July this year to ensure that India’s nuclear power capacity is tripled from the current 5,780 megawatt (MW) by 2023-24 and within the allocated budget.
The power ministry will bank on storage facilities to provide electricity to rural India, Goyal said. “We will ensure that solar power generation would touch 100 gigawatt (GW) by 2019… pilot projects have been set up to ensure that every house in tribal and remote area gets electricity… we will use large power storage technologies to provide power.”
The minister said that the power sector is likely to attract an investment of $250 billion (Rs 15 lakh crore) over the next five years in transmission and distribution, allaying banks’ fears that “efforts are on to improve the bankability of projects.”

G20: India will push for global pact to stop tax fraudComments
India will attempt to build consensus on an international framework for automatic sharing of information to check tax evasion during the forthcoming G-20 Summit in Australia, at a time when the government has stepped up efforts to bring back money stashed away illegally abroad.
Advertisement
New Delhi, which received $71 billion in remittances last year from Indians overseas, will also make a strong case for cutting costs in transferring money to India. The country is the largest recipient of remittances in the world, followed by China with $60 billion remitted in 2013.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be in Brisbane on November 15-16 for the summit where the world’s 20 major economies will discuss crucial issues such as firing up growth rates, infrastructure development, energy, climate change and reforming international institutions.
Modi’s sherpa for the summit Suresh Prabhu said on Thursday the creation of a “proper database” that can be shared automatically would make transactions more transparent and help check tax evasion. A sherpa is a senior official responsible for preparing the agenda for leaders to consider during the summit.
Flagging concern over high cost of sending money to India, Prabhu said in some countries Indians were charged up to 10% of the value of such remittances. He said reducing the cost of remittances to less than 5% was a priority for India.
Prabhu said India would also use the G-20 platform to press for reforming global institutions such as the IMF and making them "more democratic".
India will also push for strong collective action on climate change at the summit, ahead of crucial negotiations on the complicated issue in Peru in December.
The main economic issue at the summit would be how to increase global growth by at least two percentage points over the next five years. He said India’s contribution to achieve the target would be significant. “China’s economy is slowing down. Our growth will be higher than theirs in 18 months,” Prabhu said.

Cabinet Expansion: Parrikar  Rudy  Prabhu inducted | Live UpdatesArun Jaitley
(Four ministers were sworn-in…)
NEW DELHI: Former Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar and three others were today inducted into the Union Cabinet as Prime Minister Narendra Modi expanded his Council of Ministers, bringing in 21 new ministers as Shiv Sena kept away from the exercise.
Suresh Prabhu, a former Shiv Sainik and Power minister in Vajpayee government, senior BJP leader J P Nadda and Jat leader from Haryana Birender Singh, who joined BJP ahead of Assembly elections, were the other Cabinet ministers to take oath of office and secrecy at a function in the Rashtrapati Bhawan.
Unresolved issues between Sena and BJP in Maharashtra stopped Sena MP Anil Desai from taking oath as he reportedly returned to Mumbai from the airport after arriving here today morning.
Bandaru Dattatreya and Rajiv Pratap Rudy, who were ministers in the Vajpayee government, and Mahesh Sharma, newly-elected MP from Gautam Buddh Nagar bordering Delhi, were sworn-in as Ministers of State with Independent Charge.
14 other Ministers of State were sworn-in. They are Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, Ram Kripal Yadav, Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary, Sanwar Lal Jat and Mohanbhai Kalyanjibhai Kundariya Giriraj Singh, Hansraj Ahir, Ram Shankar Katheria, Jayant Sinha, Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore, Babul Supriyo, Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti and Vijay Sampla (all BJP) and Y S Chowdary, a Rajya Sabha member from TDP.
This is the first revamping exercise of his ministry undertaken by Prime Minister Narendra Modi since he assumed power in May. Parrikar is all set to be given Defence portfolio, which was held as additional charge by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley .
The strength of the Union Council of Ministers goes up from 45 to 66. Of this, 27 including the Prime Minister are of Cabinet rank, 13 Ministers of State with Independent Charge and 26 Ministers of State.
The swearing-in ceremony was attended among others by Vice President Hamid Ansari, Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairperson P J Kurien, Modi and his Cabinet colleagues, BJP patriarch L K Advani and the Chief Ministers of BJP-ruled states Vasundhara Raje, Raman Singh, Manohar Lal Khattar and Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu of TDP. None from Congress was present in the ceremony.
Ahead of the swearing-in, the new ministers had a breakfast meeting with Modi at his Race Course residence.
An IIT graduate, 58-year-old Parrikar shares an excellent rapport with Modi and has a reputation for probity and administrative skills.
Prabhu also earned his reputation as a skillful operator and reformer as Power minister in Vajpayee government but was suddenly pulled out of the ministry by Shiv Sena. Ever since has has not been seen as an active Sainik.
Dattatreya's inclusion gives representation to the new Telangana state in the Union ministry while Rudy makes a comeback into the government. First-time MP Mahesh Sharma seems to be a surprise choice as a Minister of State with Independent Charge given the fact that Naqvi, a former minister, has been given just a Minister of State berth.
All the other Ministers of State are newcomers and first-time MPs except Yadav, who had been a Member of Parliament either of the Lok Sabha or Rajya Sabha having come from RJD in Bihar.
Here is the list of new ministers in Modi government:
Cabinet Ministers
2. Suresh Prabhu (Maharashtra, Shiv Sena)
3. J.P. Nadda (Himachal Pradesh, BJP)
4. Birender Singh (Haryana, BJP)
Minister of State (Independent Charge)
1. Bandaru Dattatreya (Telangana, BJP)
2. Rajiv Pratap Rudy (Bihar, BJP)
3. Mahesh Sharma (Uttar Pradesh, BJP)
Minister of State
1. Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi (Uttar Pradesh, BJP)
2. Ram Kripal Yadav (Bihar, BJP)
3. Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary (Gujarat, BJP)
4. Sanwar Lal Jat (Rajasthan, BJP)
5. Mohanbhai Kalyanjibhai Kundariya (Gujarat, BJP)
6. Giriraj Singh (Bihar, BJP)
7. Hansraj Gangaram Ahir (Maharashtra, BJP)
8. Ram Shankar Katheria (Uttar Pradesh, BJP)
9. Y.S. Chowdary (Andhra Pradesh, TDP)
10. Jayant Sinha (Jharkhand, BJP)
11. Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore (Rajasthan, BJP)
12. Babul Supriyo (West Bengal, BJP)
13. Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti (Uttar Pradesh, BJP)
14. Vijay Sampla (Punjab, BJP)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tamil Nadu: Youth Congress expels pro-Vasan functionariesCongress
(Twelve functionaries of…)
CHENNAI: Twelve functionaries of Tamil Nadu Pradesh Youth Congress, who are supporters of G K Vasan , have been expelled from the party as per the advice of All-India Youth Congress.
Those expelled include state-level youth Congress functionaries P S Palani, Anuradha, Victory Jayakumar and Sathya, state YC President J Vijay Elanchezian said today.
Also, presidents of Central Chennai, Tiruvallur, Namakkal, Thanjavur, Dindigul, Virudunagar, Mayiladuthurai and Madurai YC Parliamentary constituencies have been expelled.
"The functionaries have been expelled as per the advice of the All India Youth Congress and cadres are requested to not have any party based relationship with them," Elanchezian said in a statement here.
Vasan, on November 3, announced his exit from the Congress and formation of his own outfit, whose name and symbol would be made known soon in a meeting in Tiruchirappalli.
FEATURED ARTICLES

And then  the Wall fellUpdated: November 9, 2014 08:27 IST
Milestone
And then, the Wall fell
Anuradha Ananth Huggler
Reuters East German citizens climb the Berlin wall at the Brandenburg gate after the opening of the East German border was announced in Berlin, in this file picture taken November 9, 1989. File photo
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
Families were broken, dreams crushed and futures rendered uncertain. But, hope prevailed. Three Germans narrate their survival stories to Anuradha Ananth Huggler.
Today, 25 years ago, the wall that divided Berlin from 1961 to 1989 fell. Constructed by the Communist German Democratic Republic (GDR), it came to symbolise the ‘Iron Curtain’ that divided Western and Eastern Europe during the Cold War. Three Germans, whose lives were affected by the wall, talk about what its fall meant to them.
Alexander Latotzky
“It’s hard for people to understand that Germans could also have been victims,” he says, stirring sugar into his coffee. We meet in a Berlin café near his apartment on a chilly autumn afternoon.
“When the Red Star replaced the Swastika, in Germany, nothing much changed in the concentration camps. I was born in one concentration camp and lived in another till I was two. The only difference was that they didn’t use the gas chambers. German prisoners died of cold and hunger. In Sachsenhausen, for example, one of three German prisoners — nearly 12,000 of 60,000 people — died of starvation. What ideology are we talking about here? It is merely an intellectual discussion.”
Latotzky was born in 1948 in Bautzen, a former Nazi concentration camp. When World War II ended, Bautzen was taken over by Soviet forces and was used to house German political prisoners. His mother was sent to Bautzen on trumped-up charges for reporting his grandmother’s rape and murder by two Russian soldiers.
“In Bautzen, my mother fell in love with a Ukrainian camp guard, a forced slave labourer under the Nazis. When the Russian authorities discovered that my mother was pregnant, my father was put on trial and shipped off to a Gulag in Siberia. My mother was told he had been killed. My mother and I were moved to the Sachsenhausen camp when I was barely eight weeks old. There was one bottle of milk for five babies. When the East German authorities took over in 1950, my mother was sent to a prison and I was put in a children’s home. I was two years old.”
From then, Latotzky lived in 10 children’s homes. The KGB used him as a hostage to force his mother to spy for them in West Berlin. He was eventually handed over to her in West Berlin in 1957. Soon after, the KGB discovered that her reports were a lie but it was too late. Latotzky finished his studies, got a job, married and raised a family.
“I heard about the Wall coming down the morning after it happened. Until then, I had locked all memories of my difficult childhood away. My wife and children didn’t know about my past. But the Wall’s fall released the floodgates. I went with them to Sachsenhausen to come to terms with my past and initiated a search for my father. I sent a letter to the mayor of the town where he was born. The mayor located my aunts, who forwarded the letter to my dad. In autumn 1999, I went to Kaliningrad to meet my father who I’d believed was dead.”
It is hard not be moved by Latotzky’s story and the understated manner in which he tells it. There were lots of people waiting at his father’s house to see him. Thereafter, they met several times in Russia and in Germany before his father died in 2004. Unfortunately, his mother had died in 1967, believing that her lover and the father of her son had been killed long ago.
“I don’t want to destroy my life thinking about the brutal and dark past. I have a beautiful family with my wife, children and grandchildren. I share my story with people because it helps to understand the past and prevent future wrongs. I’m happy that it is one Germany today.”
Regina Labahn
For Regina Labahn, the fall of the Wall was a bolt from the blue. “We couldn’t believe the news. Finally my husband and I could see our two sons again.”
In 1980, Regina and her husband Karl Heinz requested exit papers to leave the East for West Berlin.
However, in 1981, Heinz was arrested trying to leave and the State sent their two eldest children to a children’s home. Regina fled with her youngest son, Bert (then just four) to the island of Rügen where she sought shelter at a church. The pastor took them in but informed the Stasi, the East German secret police, leading to Regina’s arrest in 1982. Bert was sent to a children’s home.
“I was taken to Hohenschönhausen, the Stasi detention centre in Berlin. I was kept in solitary confinement for four months to ‘break’ me. The trial was a farce. The Stasi had already decided the verdict.” Regina was transferred to the infamous women’s prison in Hoheneck. Her cell mates were 34 murderers. The cells had three-tiered beds and two toilets with six small washing troughs. Food was boiled pig’s feet or fried blood with rotten potatoes. Her husband was held in other prisons.
“In 1986, we were finally released. My husband and I were told to leave the East in two hours with nothing but our exit papers. We were not allowed to see our children. The next year, we were reunited with our daughter Kati, who was 19. It was horribly painful to be separated from our sons. And then, the Wall fell! The very next day our son Rene came home. He fled at night from the children’s home and a friend brought him home. Not long after we were united with Bert.” Thanks to the kindness and support of the West German authorities and good schools, their family life stabilised quickly.
Hartmut Richter
When 18-year-old Richter tried to flee from Potsdam in East Germany in 1966, he was caught and jailed for three months. Seven months later, on August 26, he swam across the Teltow Canal separating the Potsdam region from West Berlin.
“I call August 27 my new birthday,” says the lively 66-year-old. “I had been working out and always enjoyed swimming. When I slipped into the freezing waters, I knew it was going to be a long haul. The canal was narrow; there were guards and searchlights on the banks. A swan attacked me. I had to swim underwater so that the ripples would not give me away. I reached West Berlin after four long hours.”
Until 1971, Richter worked as a ship’s steward and travelled around the world. When he returned home, a new transit agreement meant West Berliners could travel across East Germany on certain roads without being checked. Richter then helped 33 friends and acquaintances escape the East.
“They all hid in the boot of my car. But my luck ran out on March 4, 1975. I was smuggling my sister out when sniffer dogs led the guards to the boot. Richter and his sister were hauled off to prison. Richter was sentenced to 15 years and beaten and tortured. In 1980, the West German government bought his release for DM 100,000. As a free man, I stoked the unrest in East Berlin by throwing propaganda material over the Wall. When it fell, I ran to Brandenburg Gate and then to the Bornholmer Strasse border crossing. It was an unbelievable sight — masses of people crossing, climbing over the Wall! I remember all of us rushing towards one another and crying.”
Richter echoes Latotzky’s words. “What the Nazis did was evil but it’s also important never to forget the atrocities of the Stasi. So many Germans died and thousands of others suffered because of the Wall.”
To mark the 25th anniversary of the fall, a special light installation will be set up along its former course as a ‘symbol of hope for a world without walls’.

Trigyns support to fight EbolaUpdated: November 8, 2014 23:16 IST
Trigyn’s support to fight Ebola
Special Correspondent
disease
Following the Centre’s contribution of $12 million to the United Nations to fight the deadly Ebola virus in the African continent, the Mumbai-based Trigyn Technologies Ltd said it was extending information, communication and technologies support to this initiative of United Nations Mission for Ebola Emergency Response, according to a BSE filing.

 OECD Wants RBI to Continue With Tight Monetary PolicyYou are here: Home Economy
OECD Wants Reserve Bank to Continue With Tight Monetary Policy
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 09, 2014 14:14 (IST)
More Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Paris/New Delhi: Cautioning the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) against any rate cut, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has said that the central bank should continue with the tight monetary policy as inflationary expectations are still high.
"In India, still-high inflation expectations call for a continuation of the tight monetary policy stance," the Paris-based think tank has said in its Economic Outlook report.
RBI Deputy Governor H R Khan too had expressed similar opinion and warned against "early celebrations" over recent fall in inflation.
"Inflation still has a long way to go," Mr Khan had recently said, elaborating "structural issues" like input costs, wage burden, food prices, protein-driven inflation and rural areas witnessing wider inflation pressures.
The Reserve Bank is scheduled to announce its monetary policy review on December 2. Industry has been demanding a rate cut in view of fall in inflation and the need to push growth.
While the WPI inflation in September dropped to a five-year low of 2.38 per cent, the retail inflation too was at its lowest since January 2012 at 6.46 per cent during the period.
OECD further said that India not only needs to continue with fiscal consolidation but should also improve its quality, rebalancing expenditures away from subsidies and towards public investment.
The Reserve Bank has been maintaining a tight monetary policy stance in order to tame inflationary expectations.
For the fourth time in a row, the RBI kept key interest rates unchanged in its previous policy review on September 30 and said it will not cut them unless inflation moderates to anticipated levels.
The growth has slumped to sub-5 per cent levels for two consecutive fiscal years. It fell to 4.7 per cent in 2013-14 and is estimated to be between 5.4-5.9 per cent in the current fiscal year (2014-15).
During April-June 2014, economic growth accelerated to 5.7 per cent.
OECD is a grouping of 34 countries, mostly developed nations.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 13:58 (IST)

The feminist message of The Theory of EverythingBy Alyssa Rosenberg November 7 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Eddie Redmayne stars as Stephen Hawking in James Marsh’s “The Theory of Everything.” (Liam Daniel/Focus Features)
Brittany Maynard, who died last weekend at age 29, chose to end her life after acknowledging that her brain cancer was untreatable and reckoning with the prolonged suffering that would have been her lot, and that of her family, including Dan, her husband of a year. “I probably would have suffered in hospice care for weeks or even months,” she wrote in the letter announcing her decision that made her a national sensation. “And my family would have had to watch that. I did not want this nightmare scenario for my family, so I started researching death with dignity.”
This relationship between caretakers — be they family or the employees of ailing people — and their charges is the subject of a number of strong movies coming to theaters, starting with the Stephen Hawking biopic “The Theory of Everything,” which premieres this weekend. The physical suffering and mental power of people with serious illnesses and addictions are important in these films, but so is the forbearance and sacrifice of the people who care for them.
“The Theory of Everything” has been criticized as a frustratingly conventional biopic in certain ways: the critic Dan Schindel wrote that Eddie Redmayne, who plays Hawking , “has been handed the sort of role that actors lust for in biopics, since it comes loaded with unusual physical demands that require him to work outside the normal realm of acting while also diving into the fake disability stuff that the Oscar voters will devour.”
But the film, based on a memoir by Hawking’s first wife, Jane Wilde, is actually about something more painful and more ambitious.
At first, “The Theory of Everything” is a romance, staged in swooning setpieces on the Oxford campus. When Jane, played with delicacy and care by Felicity Jones, agrees to marry Stephen despite his recent diagnosis, it is a grand gesture. Both of them think he will be dead soon, so why not live voraciously in the time remaining to them?
But as the years stretch on, Stephen’s survival and work reduce Jane to a caretaker and the wife of a great man, rather than an independent academic with her own social and creative life. It is a result their unspoken bargain never covered, and “The Theory of Everything” has the dignity not to pretend that the situation is fair or workable for either of them.
Jonathan (Charlie Cox), who comes on board to help with Stephen’s care, relieves the pressure on the household, but only temporarily. He and Jane become so close that when Jane has another child, Stephen’s mother, Isobel (Abigail Cruttenden), tells her “We have a right to know who Timothy’s father is, Stephen or Jonathan.” “Is that what you think of me?” Jane asks her, stunned and wounded that she is being punished for needing both logistical and emotional help in caring for Isobel’s son.
Stephen, in life and in the film, was ultimately the one who would ask for a divorce, so he could marry his caregiver Elaine Mason (Maxine Peake).
“Still Alice,” which will have a limited Oscar-qualifying run in December before opening wide in January, deals with a different trajectory of illness. Dr. Alice Howland (Julianne Moore) is still teaching, still running and still enjoying the company of her husband, John (Alec Baldwin), when she is diagnosed with rapidly progressing early-onset Alzheimer’s disease.
Unlike in “The Theory of Everything,” Alice’s condition deteriorates rapidly. And John does not falter under the burdens of her care. But the real revelation is how their daughter Lydia (Kristen Stewart, in a performance of subtle warmth that ought to shame her detractors) responds to her mother’s illness. Lydia is an aspiring actress who feels alienated from her academic, stable, professionally oriented family, and her mother’s illness draws out what is best in her: her patience, her eye for compromise and her sense for how art can reach someone who is slipping beyond language.
And then there is “Cake,” which is like drinking really strong tequila after the glasses of red wine that are “The Theory of Everything” and “Still Alice.” In “Cake,” Jennifer Aniston plays Claire Simmons, a middle-class pill addict with chronic pain from an accident that shattered her marriage as well as her body. In lieu of family, her housekeeper Silvana (Adriana Barraza) has become Claire’s all-purpose caretaker and driver, a job that includes schlepping Claire to get the pain drugs on which she is dependent.
“I pay her to care about me,” Claire says of Silvana at one point in the movie. “It’s not my fault she gets sentimental.” But the relationship between the two women is more nuanced than that: When Claire and Silvana run into wealthier friends of Silvana’s out at lunch, Claire pretends Silvana is treating her to make the other woman look good.
But “Cake” is never so condescending as to pretend the relationship is not inflected by money, either. Without being a didactic screed about the status of home care workers, it is a sharp look at the confluence of economics and emotions in caregiving relationships.
All three of these movies are really about the kind of mathematics that Brittany Maynard did so courageously and so publicly. Their power, and hers, is in acknowledging that these formulas may be different from case to case and may produce very different answers. But it is critically important not to pretend that these calculations do not exist or that they have easy solutions.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Dr Reddys chief: Make drug packaging patient-friendly(left) KT Rama Rao , Minister of Panchayat Raj and IT, Government of Telangana, and K Satish Reddy, Chairman of Dr. Reddy's Laboratories, at the National Summit on Packaging in Hyderabad on Thursday. PV SIVAKUMAR
Global market valued at $750 b, India accounts for $24.6 billion
Hyderabad, Nov 7:  
Packaging in pharmaceutical industry should be patient-centric, according to K Satish Reddy, Chairman, Dr Reddy's Laboratories Ltd.
He was speaking at the inaugural session of the two-day national summit on packaging being organised by the Indian Institute of Packaging (IIP) here on Thursday.
The packaging in Dr Reddy's was now based on 'design- thinking' and was aimed at providing relevant information to the patient in his/her own language, he said.
K T Rama Rao, Minister for Information Technology, Government of Telangana said packaging huge industry had huge employment potential.
The State Government was ready to work with IIP to address the challenges in waste collection, he said adding that the Gujarat model of segregating solid and liquid waste and its efficient collection in rural areas could be replicated in the State.
N C Saha, Director of IIP said his institute was in the process of introducing four-year degree course and two-year M.Tech programme from 2016.
The Government of India was actively considering recognising IIP as an institute of national importance, he added.
The size of global packaging industry, which is growing at 15 per cent per annum, is about $ 750 billion in which Indian share is $24.6 billion.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

CMP leader MV Raghavan passes awaySushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
Marxist Communist Party (CMP) founder leader M V Raghavan, a prominent figure in Kerala politics for decades, died today after prolonged illness.
A former minister, Raghavan (81) had been confined to home for the last two years due to Pakrinsons disease besides age-related ailments.
He breathed his last at nearby Pariyaram Co-operative Medical College Hospital, an institution founded by him, according to his family.
Once a firebrand CPI(M) leader, Raghavan was expelled from the party in 1986 following sharp differences with the leadership.
A virulent face of the CPI(M) in the party bastion Kannur, he had a vital role in building its youth front.
He was forced to go out of the party after the leadership rejected the ‘alternative’ tactical line he pressed, which made a strong case for an alliance with Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) to take on the Congress-led UDF in the state.
While several leaders, including former chief minister E K Nayanar, backed his line initially, most of them eventually toed the party’s official policy.
But Raghavan stood firm by his theory, leading to his expulsion along with some of his close collaborators from the CPI(M) and formation of CMP.
Ironically, CMP straightaway joined the UDF with the late Congress veteran K Karunakaran blessing the union, atoning Raghavan’s past when he used to be the spearhead of CPI(M)’s attack on him in the state assembly and outside.
A long-time legislator,known for his acerbic tongue and a penchant for provocations, Raghavan was elected to the assembly three times after his expulsion from CPI(M).
He served as minister for Co-operation in 1991-1996 and 2001-06 UDF ministries.
He is survived by wife, a daughter and three sons, two of whom — M V Girish Kumar and M V Nikesh Kumar — are journalists.
A faction of the CMP, including some of his family members, recently pulled out of the UDF and moved closer to the LDF.
Raghavan proved to be one of the few leaders in Kerala who kept up their relevance after being expelled from the CPI-M.
In the days that followed his expulsion, he was virtually hounded by the party cadres across the state but with true grit he carried forward belying predictions of stalwarts like E M S Namboodiripoad that he would soon prove to be a ‘damp squib.’
Melath Veettil Raghavan was born in a family of modest means in Pappinassery in Kannur District on May 5, 1933.
A primary school drop-out, he was attracted to Communism as a teenager inspired by speeches of leaders like A K Gopalan.
Acknowledging his organisational skill and ideological resolve, he was drafted as a whole-timer of the party soon and was sent for work in different parts of north Malabar, the cradle of Communism in Kerala which witnessed several mass uprisings.
He rose to organisational prominence after the 1964 split in the movement and became CPI(M) District Secretary in Kannur three years later.
Raghavan’s influence among the party cadre was so strong that he prevented many of them deserting the party to become Naxalites, which had its bases in areas like Wayanad in late 1960s.
He was elected on the CPI(M) ticket to the assembly in 1970, 1977, 1980 and 1982 and was the most aggressive face of the party in the house, who unleashed vituperative attacks on the Congress and the CPI leaders, often bothering little about their stature or parliamentary norms.
The days that led to his expulsion from the CPI(M) was one of the turbulent phases in the history of the party.
Clinging to his line despite being aware of the consequences, Raghavan had then locked horns even with veterans like Namboodiripad and V S Achuthanandan.
TAGS: M V Raghavan Marxist Communist Party Pakrinsons Disease
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

Chris Ofili retrospective at the New MuseumNovember 7, 2014 5:29 pm
Chris Ofili retrospective at the New Museum, New York
Ariella Budick
Despite the infamous elephant dung controversy, a new exhibition shows the British artist to be more than a shock merchant
‘Untitled (Afromuse)’ (1995–2005). Watercolour and pencil on paper
©Courtesy the artist and David Zwirner gallery
‘Untitled (Afromuse)’ (1995–2005). Watercolour and pencil on paper
©Courtesy the artist and David Zwirner gallery
‘Untitled (Afromuse)’ (1995–2005). Watercolour and pencil on paper
©Courtesy the artist and David Zwirner gallery
‘Untitled (Afromuse)’ (1995–2005). Watercolour and pencil on paper
©Courtesy the artist and David Zwirner gallery
‘Ovid-Actaeon’ (2011–12). Oil and charcoal on linen
©Courtesy the artist; David Zwirner/Victoria M
‘Afronirvana’ (2002). Oil, acrylic, polyester resin, aluminum foil, glitter, map pins, and elephant dung on canvas
©Courtesy the artist; David Zwirner/Victoria M
Previous image
Next Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
If you asked a New York museum-goer to free associate with the name Chris Ofili, the answer would probably include “elephant dung”, or “dung Virgin”, or possibly “dung-splattered”. Those phrases have stuck to Ofili’s reputation since 1999, when New York’s then mayor Rudolph Giuliani led a campaign of orchestrated outrage against the Brooklyn Museum for including Ofili’s “Holy Virgin Mary” in the show Sensation.
More
More exhibitions including The Infinite World of Dadamaino and Egon Schiele
That painting is back in the city, still glorious, still a black Madonna bedecked with images from porn magazines and an avocado-sized lump of, yes, dried elephant dung. Giuliani was back recently, too, manning a different barricade this time, in front of the Metropolitan Opera. He was protesting against John Adams’ The Death of Klinghoffer , which he and others accuse of glorifying terrorism. The noise around the opera and the quiet that has greeted the New Museum’s ravishing three-floor Ofili retrospective make it clear how opportunistic and fleeting outrage can be. Meanwhile, the art soldiers on.
What got lost during the kerfuffle 15 years ago and has now become blazingly clear is that Ofili is less a shock manipulator than a virtuoso of sensuous play. The New Museum exhibition opens with “Afromuses”, watercolour portraits of imaginary people who swim out of his unconscious into a darkened gallery. Black women with elaborately sculpted hair, dangly earrings and beaded necklaces anoint their lips with bright red or pink, their eyes with gooey mascara. They are not just women of colour, but women in colour, blazing and proud. “Exercises in beauty,” the artist has called these works, making an elusive quality sound like a technical skill. “There’s no deep meaning – or even shallow meaning – to them,” he once told me. “It’s just about trying to make something attractive, and to speak about the beauty of black people as individuals and as a collective.”
Ofili’s whole oeuvre is really an exercise in beauty. He doesn’t avoid the ugly fights over race, sex, politics, religion, but he cushions these issues in the plushness of surface, the seductions of light. Maybe that’s why the controversy over the “The Holy Virgin Mary” eventually went away: because all you have to do is look past the flesh and faeces to the spirit that animates her. She presides over a gallery filled with the glittering canvases that brought Ofili to fame in the 1990s. No reproduction – not even those in the handsome catalogue – can capture the riot of texture that explodes from the walls. In the works from that period, globs of elephant dung materialise in surprising ways: they support tall canvases like a breakfront’s feet, or are inscribed with titles, one word per turd (“Pimpin’ ” . . . “Ain’t” . . . “Easy”). One patty forms the Madonna’s breast, another sprouts from a superhero’s abdomen. Still more mingle with a crowd of motley materials: glitter, pins, collaged photos and layer upon layer upon layer of paint.
These pictures sizzle and pop. They flirt with vulgarity but commit to sublimity. Psychedelic mind-meld meets rococo excess. Religious worship feeds on crude blaxploitation. Rappers and balloon-breasted whores share the walls with a monkey and a giant smiling penis. Ofili’s uneasiness with gender stereotypes, especially those that permeate hip-hop culture, blooms into gorgeous monuments to mixed feelings.
He doesn’t avoid ugly fights over race, sex, politics, but he cushions these issues in the plushness of surface
Racial politics bubble to the surface in “No Woman No Cry”, a portrait of Doreen Lawrence, whose son, Stephen, was murdered in a racist attack in south London in 1993. Ofili bestows on her the grandeur of a Byzantine saint encircled by a nimbus of gold. Each of her teardrops contains a tiny photo of her martyred boy. She is an icon of sorrow.
Proceeding through the show can feel like driving through a series of tunnels on a sunny day – dazzling stretches alternate with patches of sudden gloom. Ofili moved from London to Trinidad in 2005, a change that jolted his style from glittery exuberance to melancholic reverie. Instead of standard-issue Caribbean glare, he gives us the rapid fade to tropical night. In one dim gallery, a suite of black-and-indigo paintings forces you to keep shifting position in order to make out their secrets. The reward for persistence is a glimpse of some puzzling and disturbing scene – in “Iscariot Blues”, for instance, a shadowy figure hangs from the gallows beneath an arbour of drooping vegetation. Near the dangling corpse, two musicians sit on a bridge and keep playing, unperturbed by violent death. The scene is spooky and suggestive, a study in darkness with unfathomable psychic depth.
These midnight paintings challenge viewers to stare and invite them to wonder. We start to feel like unreliable witnesses, trying to discern the drama, unsure of what it means. “Blue Devils” intimates a clump of shadows – a black man surrounded by police officers, one in a constable’s cap, another in riot gear. Is this an innocent man being stopped and frisked, Jesus arrested by Roman soldiers, or some other form of oppression? Violence mixes with mystery.
Upstairs, darkness falls away. The walls are covered in a plum-coloured wash that glows, though not powerfully enough to compete with the paintings’ explosive tints and shimmying shapes. The subject matter comes from Ovid, with Matisse, Hockney, Bonnard and Gauguin all bubbling away in Ofili’s cauldron of references. And yet the gallery also rewards the uninformed glance with startling bursts of grace. In “Ovid-Actaeon”, three sun-yellow figures (two nymphs and a centaur) dance, forming a circle of limbs on a field of royal purple. Matisse and Picasso flit through the atmosphere but art-historical lineage is hardly the point. Rather, Ofili gets his strength from a fearless embrace of decorative brilliance. His pictures are filled with daylight, and their intoxicating combination of terror and joy makes you want to dip your finger in the coruscating pigment and savour those potent hues.
‘Chris Ofili: Night and Day’, New Museum, New York, to January 25 2015, newmuseum.org
Slideshow photographs: Courtesy of the artist, David Zwirner Gallery, and Victoria Miro Gallery
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Books essay: US national security policy since 9/11The shifts in US national security policy since 9/11
Edward Luce
Three very different perspectives on the egos, errors and power struggles at the heart of government
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/21b69fca-6428-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Susie Boyt: Rules and rudeness© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ae1942ee-634f-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why the jewellery world is content to say it with flowersNovember 7, 2014 5:18 pm
Blooms for jewellery design
Carol Woolton
Craftsmen have long been captivated by the floral world. From Hollywood necklines to royal lapels, here is a selection of sparkling earthly delights
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/20252aca-60f2-11e4-b935-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu returns to the CabinetShiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu returns to the Cabinet
PTI Nov 9, 2014, 02.23PM IST
Tags:
ajapur Lok Sabha constituency
(Prabhu has represented…)
NEW DELHI: A qualified Chartered Accountant, Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu returns to the Union Cabinet after having served in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government during when he won kudos for imparting a new dynamism to the functioning of the Power Ministry.
That the 61-year-old banker-politician from coastal Konkan was in good books of the Narendra Modi regime became evident after he was appointed head of a government panel on power revamp called Advisory Group for Integrated Development of Power, Coal and Renewable Energy.
Prabhu was also appointed as Modi's 'sherpa' to assist the Prime Minister at the upcoming G20 summit in Brisbane.
There were reports in Maharashtra political circles that Modi wanted him at the Centre despite the logjam in ties between the two former allies Shiv Sena and BJP ahead of last month's Assembly elections in Maharashtra.
Prabhu has represented the Rajapur Lok Sabha constituency in Konkan four times, from 1996 to 2009. He lost his seat in the 2009 general election. This is the same constituency which late Janata Party leader Madhu Dandavate had represented.
Prabhu's decision to call of his visit to Wharton School as a mark of protest against the cancellation of Modi's keynote address at the Wharton India Economic Forum 2013 won him admirers.
During Vajpayee's tenure from 1998 to 2004, Prabhu was Industry Minister, Minister of Environment and Forests , Minister of Fertilizers & Chemicals, Power, Heavy Industry and Public Enterprises.
His efforts to streamline the functioning of the Power Ministry were appreciated and he tried to ensure the all round development of this crucial sector.
Prabhu was also Chairman of Task Force for Interlinking of Rivers.
He was elected a member of the World Bank parliamentary network and nominated as the Chairman of the South Asia Water conference.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena recalls Anil Desai from cabinet expansionYou are here: Home > Collections > Cabinet
Shiv Sena recalls Anil Desai from cabinet expansion
IANS Nov 9, 2014, 02.13PM IST
Tags:
Anil Desai
(In a last-minute turnaround,…)
MUMBAI: In a last-minute turnaround, Shiv Sena Sunday abstained from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's cabinet expansion , asking its nominee Anil Y Desai to return to Mumbai.
Desai's name was suggested for a berth in the union ministry and he rushed to New Delhi for the swearing-in ceremony on Sunday afternoon.
Senior Sena MP Anandrao Adsul said in Mumbai that the party decided against going ahead with Desai's inclusion in Modi's cabinet minutes before the Rashtrapati Bhavan ceremony.
Though details were not available, Sena's grouse stems from BJP's decision to include former minister Suresh Prabhu as a cabinet minister and relegate Desai, the party's official nominee to the minister of state rank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kuroda sprang easing surprise to head off damaging inflation forecastThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Xi Jinping backs HK Chief Executive  rejects demand ofprotestersBy: Press Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: November 9, 2014 3:35 pm
For the first time, Chinese President Xi Jinping today backed the embattled Hong Kong Chief Executive for his efforts to safeguard the rule of law and maintain social order in the Asian financial hub and rejected the demand of pro-democracy protesters to sack him.
Leung Chun-ying, a Chinese backed real-estate tycoon who is on the firing line for over a month from Hong Kong’s street protests, met Xi on the sidelines of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meet here. Xi, also General Secretary of the ruling Communist party extended support to Leung and his government’s efforts to safeguard the rule of law and maintain social order in Hong Kong without directly without directly referring to pro-democracy protests.
The central government “fully affirms and supports” the efforts of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR)
chief executive and the HKSAR government to govern in line with law, especially their great deal of work to safeguard the
authority of rule of law and maintain social order, Xi said, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
This is the first time that the Chinese leadership at the highest level backed Leung even though some of the state-run publications have stated in editorial commentaries earlier. Thousands of students are carrying out a prolonged and unrelenting agitation by blocking a number of key roads in the former British colony, the biggest since it merged with China in 1997.
The agitation is aimed at a new rule brought in by Chinese Parliament to screen candidates to take part in the first direct election of the Chief Executive in 2017. They want the rule to vet the candidates to be removed. China so far rejected the demand for repeal of the rule even though officials in Hong Kong held one round of unsuccessful talks with the student protesters.
The agitators also sought meeting with the Chinese leadership. There is no reaction from Beijing so far in this.
In his meeting with Leung, Xi said China has adopted a key blueprint to advance the rule of law in a comprehensive way, which includes the legal implementation of the “One Country, Two Systems” policies in Hong Kong. The central government expects all circles in Hong Kong can seize the historic opportunity to realise universal suffrage according to law and keep a stable, peaceful social environment for the citizens thus together writing a new chapter in Hong Kong’s democratic development, Xi said
reaffirming China’s determination not change the rule to screen the candidates.
Later talking to the media here, Leung expressed confidence in restoring law and order through the city’s own capability implying that the People’s Liberation Army would not be deployed to respond to the protest movement as some have speculated. Asked if there would be a police operation in the near future to dismantle the protest camps he said “we cannot make public any police operation. Any road clearance continued…

Real Madrid drown Rayo Vellacano; Barcelona victorious atAlmeriaReal Madrid players celebrate Garteh Bale's goal against Rayo Vellacano. (Source: AP)
By: Agence-France Presse | Madrid | Posted: November 9, 2014 3:31 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 3:41 pm
Gareth Bale scored on his return to the Real Madrid starting line-up for the first time in a month as the European champions beat Rayo Vallecano 5-1.
Barcelona remain just two points behind the league leaders thanks to two assists from Luis Suarez as they came from behind to snap a two-game losing streak in La Liga with a 2-1 win at Almeria on Saturday.
Bale took just nine minutes to make his mark as he slid in to turn home Toni Kroos’s low cross before Sergio Ramos’s fortunate looping effort doubled Madrid’s lead.
An awful attempted backpass from James Rodriguez gave Rayo hope just before half-time as Alberto Bueno reduced the arrears, but Kroos restored the hosts’ two-goal advantage with his first goal for the club.
Karim Benzema added a dubious fourth despite being clearly in an offside position before Cristiano Ronaldo registered his 23rd goal of the season thanks to some generous goalkeeping from Cristian Alvarez.
A pelvic muscle injury had kept Bale on the sidelines for five games prior to his return as a second-half substitute against Liverpool in midweek, and there were positive signs for Welsh boss Chris Coleman as he looked back to his best ahead of his country’s crucial Euro 2016 qualifiers against Belgium and Israel.
Bale was on hand to prod home the opener from close range after a neat one-two between Kroos and Ronaldo as Madrid started brightly.
Ronaldo then uncharacteristically blazed over from inside the area and Alvarez did well to turn a curling effort from Rodriguez wide.
However, from the resulting corner Ramos made it 2-0 when the ball fortunately ricocheted off his thigh into the top corner.
Rayo were gifted a reward for their neat possession football two minutes before the break, though, as Rodriguez passed the ball straight to Leo Baptistao and the on-loan Atletico Madrid striker squared for Bueno to slot into an empty net.
Baptistao thought he had brought Rayo level 10 minutes into the second period, but the goal was ruled out for a marginal offside call and within seconds Madrid had put the game to bed.
Ronaldo cut the ball back for Kroos 25 yards from goal and the German World Cup winner bent home his first goal for the club with a low precise finish.
Four minutes later it was 4-1 as Benzema turned home Ronaldo’s miscued shot and this time the goal did stand despite the Frenchman being clearly in an offside position.
Bale was denied a sensational second of the night when Alvarez turned his thunderous volley onto the bar, but the ‘keeper undid his good work when he allowed Ronaldo’s weak effort through his body to round off a 13th consecutive victory in all competitions for Madrid.
Earlier, Barca were bailed out by a superb second-half performance by Suarez after he and Neymar had been left on the bench by boss Luis Enrique as he made five changes from the side continued…

Giriraj Singh: A fiery leader in UnioncabinetGiriraj Singh.
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 3:29 pm
Giriraj Singh, who is known for his fiery and at times controversial statements, has found a berth in the Narendra Modi ministry as a representative of Bhumihars, who backed the party in Bihar and felt let down due to lack of representation in the Council of Ministers.
The 62-year-old BJP MP from Nawada had caused some embarassment to the party during the campaign for Lok Sabha polls when he suggested that Muslims unhappy with Modi should go to Pakistan, forcing the party’s prime ministerial candidate to issue a rebuke.
But Singh, a first time MP, is also one of the early Modi loyalists in the party and often took on the then Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar over his antipathy towards Modi despite being a member of Kumar’s cabinet.
It is believed that despite his proclivity to make unwarranted statements, he enjoys the Prime Minister’s affection due to his unqualified support for Modi when the party was still divided over whether to elevate him as its prime ministerial candidate or not.
When reports were rife that Singh was unhappy over his candidature from Nawada instead of Begusarai, which was considered a safer seat for BJP, Modi held a rally in the constituency and embraced him at dais while telling the crowd that he was his man to serve Nawada.
The first-time MP, he was earlier a Legislative Council member in Bihar, has special interest in agricultural practices and animal husbandry.
With the elevation of Singh, BJP hopes to rally influential Bhumihars around it as Bihar goes to Assembly polls next year. Though Union minister Manoj Sinha is also a Bhumihar, he is from UP and has little influence in Bihar.

Proper guidance needed for environmental campaigns: KamalHaasanThat's the way he 'lakes' it!
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 9, 2014 3:23 pm
Actor-filmmaker Kamal Haasan, who has decided to help in the cleaning up of 25 lakes in Tamil Nadu in support of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Clean India campaign, says such efforts can only make an impact with right guidance.
While several actors of the Hindi film industry took to the broom on the streets for the Swachh Bharat campaign, Kamal announced plans that the volunteers of his ‘Narpani Iyakkam’ (Welfare Club) will drive the cleaning of the lakes. The announcement was made on his 60th birthday Friday.
“That’s how I spent my 60th birthday on Friday. Cleaning the lakes, which is a good beginning, I think, for a cleaner country. We’ve got environmentalist Arun Krishnamurthy on board to help us with the campaign,” Kamal Haasan said.
“There is no point in doing anything randomly for the environment. For any such campaign to make an impact on the environment, we need proper guidance,” said the superstar, who discourages his fans from celebrating his birthday in a pompous way.
He has even reached out to his fans to drive the campaign.
“I’ve told my fan clubs to do whatever they can in the way of social causes. Beyond that, I strictly forbid them from celebrating my birthday with cakes and singing. At 60, even your fans need to sober down,” he said.

Twinkle Khanna joinsTwitterPrint
Twinkle's user name on the micro-blogging site is Mrs Funny Bones.
By: Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: November 9, 2014 3:21 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 9:33 am
Former actress and Bollywood star Akshay Kumar’s wife, Twinkle Khanna is the latest celebrity to join Twitter.
Twinkle’s user name on the micro-blogging site is Mrs Funny Bones and she introduced herself to her fans as a ‘bona fide member of an ambiguous tribe of the new age Indian woman’.
“New girl in town -trying to find my way in the world of tweets and peeps,” read the first post of the 39-year-old interior designer.
Twinkle’s husband Akshay tweeted about his wife’s arrival on the micro-blogging site and asked fans to follow her.
“Guys my better half, Tina is now on Twitter as @mrsfunnybones. So show her some love and follow now,” the 47-year-old actor posted.
Welcoming Twinkle on Twitter, filmmaker Karan Johar said, “Akshay’s gorgeous wife… my childhood best friend.. I named Rani’s character in ‘Kuch Kuch Hota Hain’ after her is on Twitter! Tina! @mrsfunnybones.”

Festive mood at Goa BJP office as Parrikar joins ModiCabinetA giant screen outside Goa BJP office where celebrations took off as Parrikar was sworn in. (Source: Shalini Nair)
By: Express News Service | Panaji | Posted: November 9, 2014 4:11 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 4:15 pm
A giant screen was propped up outside BJP party office in Goa, where party workers, BJP corporators and former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar’s personal staff, sat huddled together since noon.
Around 1.30 pm, as Parrikar appeared on screen for his swearing-in, the still of the sleepy Sunday street was broken by the crowds that leapt off their chairs boisterously cheering, distributing sweets and lighting fire-crackers. “It is a very mixed feeling for us. Yesterday we were sad that he is abruptly leaving Goa, today we feel proud to see him being inducted
“It is a very mixed feeling for us. Yesterday we were sad that he is abruptly leaving Goa, today we feel proud to see him being inducted into the Modi cabinet,” said Sheetal Naik, 32-year-old BJP corporator from Panaji.
BJP Shailesh Ugadekar, Parrikar’s personal secretary of 14 years who had also assembled outside the BJP office to join the celebrations, said that the former CM has decided to not take any of his personal staff with him to Delhi, at least for the moment.
“For now we have been told to stay back to assist Goa’s new CM Laxmikant Parsekar. Parrikar used to work from 8 am to 11 pm daily not even taking a break during holidays or festivals. Already there is a gaping hole with him gone, if his staff is taken away from here, he feels there will be a complete void,” said Ugadekar.

Analysis: Whats behind the release of 2 Americans by NKoreaPrint
Matthew Miller, who had been held in North Korea since April, 2014, is greeted after arriving Saturday, Nov. 8, 2014, at Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Wash., after they were freed during a top-secret mission by James Clapper, U.S. director of national intelligence. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Tokyo | Posted: November 9, 2014 3:46 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 3:50 pm
While the details behind the release of the final two Americans held in North Korea — Matthew Miller of Bakersfield, California, and Kenneth Bae of Lynnwood, Washington — are still unclear, here are questions and some answers as to what might have motivated the North to let the two men out.
Q: WHAT DOES NORTH KOREA GET OUT OF IT?
A: Pyongyang apparently got at least one thing it wanted: A senior U.S. official had to come personally to retrieve the two Americans. James Clapper, the director of national intelligence, was the highest-ranking American to visit Pyongyang in more than a decade.
A senior Obama administration official said Clapper spent roughly a day on the ground and met with North Korean security officials — but not with leader Kim Jong Un.
Clapper went with the sole purpose of bringing home the two detainees, although the U.S. anticipated that other issues of concern to the North would come up during his discussions, according to the official traveling with Obama to Beijing. The official said that North Koreans indicated in recent weeks that they would release the detainees if the U.S. sent a high-level official from Obama’s administration.
Clapper’s visit in itself is something of a coup for Pyongyang, which has for months been pursuing a high-profile campaign to keep the detainees’ situation on Washington’s radar.
As part of that effort, the North had allowed the men, along with a third detainee, Jeffrey Fowle, who was released last month, to meet with The Associated Press and other media. The AP met with Fowle and Miller three times. Each time, they pleaded for a senior U.S. statesman to come and bail them out.
That has been the pattern in past releases. Previously, trips have been made by former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton.
Pyongyang tends to look on such visits as stature-boosting evidence that is tantamount to an official apology — though U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry recently said Washington had no intention of offering any official apology to Pyongyang as a quid pro quo.
Q: WHY NOW?
A: There is a growing concern in North Korea over international pressure in connection with its human rights record. A recent U.N. report documented rape, torture, executions and forced labor in the North’s network of prison camps, accusing the government of “widespread, systematic and gross” human rights violations.
North Korea strongly denies those allegations, which it claims are based mainly on politically motivated statements from defectors. It released continued…

View: Politics in command  governance may or may not follow | A full deck of cardsNovember 9, 2014, 3:58 pm IST TK Arun in Cursor | India | ET
18
Let’s look at some of the less obvious features of Narendra Modi’s first cabinet expansion. The first question is, when all decision making is concentrated in the Prime Minister’s Offices and ministers are virtually disempowered, their officials being more in the loop, through their interaction with their counterparts in the PMO, about what policy in their ministry would be, does it make a big difference if new talent is brought into the Union Council of ministers?
It will make a difference if, one, the PM changes his current style of overcentralised functioning or, two, if the new talent that has been inducted is brought into the PMO itself. Parrikar and Prabhu are talent indeed and there is much reason for the Prime Minister to deploy them in key ministries in which ministers are allowed to play a key role.
But, with the likes of Sadhvi Jyoti and Girirraj Singh being prominent faces among the 22 new ministers, talent is not the primary thing about the expansion of the ministry. It is about politics, in the main.
The Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh has been propitiated, with several of its obvious nominees and some less obvious ones being made ministers. The central government is now more north Indian than before the expansion, with Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala feeling relatively even more marginal than they were before. But the present expansion of the ministry has brought in more balance in terms of communities and regions of north India.
The new Modi government is embellished with new Jat, Muslim and Yadav faces. Rajasthan and loyal Gujarat get rewarded with ministerial berths, Bihar and Bengal get ministers with an eye on future BJP expansion. However, if this political accommodation, Congress-style, of regional, caste and community interests is meant to consolidate, the ministry expansion exercise also revealed some centrifugal tendencies.
Shiv Sena calling back its ministerial nominee Anil Desai, from the Delhi airport as soon as his flight landed is the most in-your-face sign of fragmentation in the ruling alliance. The Badals’ absence from the swearing-in ceremony is a different kind, but no less striking, sign of political realignment in the ruling National Democratic Alliance.
Sharad Pawar is not on the scene, visibly crowing, but he is one of the biggest gainers from this political realignment. Unless the Shiv Sena swallows the insult of Modi not just refusing to accept their Cabinet ambitions but of even refusing to give the time of the day to Sena minister Anand Geethe, the Sena’s relationship with the BJP has soured very badly. Pawar’s NCP then becomes a little bit more relevant in the Maharashtra assembly.
The ministry expansion serves to show that Narendra Modi’s political brain is always at work, and that he sees the government itself as a part of the political project of which he was Pracharak and not as an end in itself. When the time is ripe to expand the role of the BJP, old friends who had helped the party climb the steps of success turn expendable.
This is not anything particularly cynical, just in the nature of politics. Clearly, among the many failings of the predecessor regime the current one is avoiding is the need to keep politics in command, all the time.
DISCLAIMER : Views expressed above are the author's own.
Characters Remaining: 3000

Modi ropes in Akhilesh  Kaif to lead Swachh Bharat in U.P.Updated: November 9, 2014 01:39 IST
Modi ropes in Akhilesh, Kaif to lead Swachh Bharat in U.P.
Jatin Gandhi
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday cleans Assi ghat at River Ganga.
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi during the cleanliness drive at Assi ghat in Varanasi on Saturday.
The Hindu Workers called for swath chats Abhiram and police await for PM Modi to arrive at Varanasi. Photo: Prashant Nakwe
The Hindu People and policemen wait for Prime Minister Narendra Modi to arrive at Assi ghat in Varanasi on Saturday. Photo; Prashant Nakwe
The Hindu A view of Assi ghat before the arrival of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Varanasi on Saturday. Photo: Prashant Nakwe.
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at Assi ghat in Varanasi on Saturday.
TOPICS
environmental issues
Akhilesh mum on Modi’s invite for Swachh Bharat campaign
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday took the Swachh Bharat campaign to the Ganga’s ghats and nominated Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav among nine public figures to promote the programme in the State.
Mr. Modi visited the Assi Ghat here, which has been sanitised by the Municipal authorities, at 8.35 a.m. and headed straight to the river bank to offer prayers amid chants of “Har Har Mahadev” from his supporters. After a 15-minute prayer, Mr. Modi picked up a spade and began vigorously digging out silt on the bank as news cameras zoomed in.
Narendra Modi launches Clean Ganga Campaign from Assi Ghat, Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh. Photo: Prashant Nakwe
Later, in addition to Chief Minister Akshilesh Yadav, Mr. Modi nominated cricketers Mohammad Kaif, Suresh Raina, comedian Raju Srivastava, Bhojpuri film star and Bharatiya Janata Party MP Manoj Tiwari, singer Kailash Kher, founder and Chancellor of the University for the Blind at Chitrakoot Swami Rambhadracharya, Sanskrit scholar Devi Prasad Dwivedi and writer Manu Sharma to take forward the campaign in the State.
Akhilesh mum
When he launched the Swachh Bharat campaign on October 2, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had nominated Congress leader Shashi Tharoor among others to take the campaign forward.
Eleven days later, the party had removed him as spokesperson for praising Mr. Modi.
While Suresh Raina, Raju Srivastava and Kailash Kher, nominated on Saturday by Mr Modi to take forward his campaign to clean the Ganga, issued statements welcoming their inclusion in Mr. Modi’s list of nominees, there was no confirmation of acceptance from Chief Minister AkhileshYadav or Mohammad Kaif.
Mr. Kaif had contested the recent Lok Sabha election from Phulpur on a Congress ticket.
By including social organisations in the campaign to clean the banks of the river, Mr. Modi has again put the onus of Ganga rejuvenation — which is a government project — also on civil society.
After he left the Assi ghat, excavator machines were pressed into service to desilt the area.
Local authorities said the exercise would continue along the river bank till it was fully desilted.
Mr. Modi concluded his two-day visit to his parliamentary constituency with a visit to a charitable hospital.
On Friday, the Prime Minister had met prominent citizens for dinner and discussed ideas for improving conditions in the historic city.

Steps to Install BeanStalk Android 4.4.4 KitKat Custom ROM on HTC One M7 [Guide]Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Govt to bring down stake in PSU banks to 52%: JaitleyGovt to bring down stake in PSU banks to 52%: Jaitley
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley today said the Government is planning to bring down its stake in public sector banks to 52 per cent so as to meet Rs 3 lakh crore capital requirement.
“We are also trying to bring down the government equity in the banks to about 52 per cent so that a large amount of capital, almost close to Rs 3 lakh crore, can be introduced into banks itself, so that they have a lot more resources for financial inclusion,” he said.
In 2010, the then Cabinet had approved a proposal to keep the minimum shareholding of government to 58 per cent in the public sector banks in order to provide buffer for the future.
As per law, government holding at any moment must not come below 51 per cent to maintain the public sector character of PSU banks.
At present, government shareholding in various banks varies between 56.26 per cent (Bank of Baroda) and 88.63 per cent (Central Bank of India).
Public sector banks require equity capital of Rs 2.4 lakh crore by 2018 to meet Basel III norms. For the current fiscal, the government has allocated Rs 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation.
The government had infused an amount of Rs 58,600 crore between 2011 and 2014.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in the Budget speech had said that “to be in line with Basel—III norms there is a requirement to infuse Rs 2,40,000 crore as equity by 2018 in our banks. To meet this huge capital requirement we need to raise additional resources to fulfil this obligation“.
While preserving the public ownership, the capital of these banks will be raised by increasing the shareholding of the people in a phased manner through the sale of shares largely through retail to common citizens of this country, the minister had said.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Vijay Sampla  once a plumber  joins Modi s ministryVijay Sampla, once a plumber, joins Modi's ministry
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
Vijay Sampla, who was once a plumber, scaled new heights today with his induction into the Narendra Modi ministry that is apparently aimed at 2017 Assembly polls in Punjab where BJP hopes to play the Dalit card to woo the Scheduled Caste community.
After SAD leader Harsimrat Kaur Badal, 53-year-old Sampla, a prominent Dalit leader and a first-time MP, is the second Lok Sabha MP from Punjab to become a Union Minister.
Sampla won the recent Lok Sabha elections from the reserved Hoshiarpur seat.
BJP had contested the 2012 Assembly elections along with Shiromani Akali Dal led by Chief Minister Prakash Singh Badal but following its victory in Assembly polls in neighbouring Haryana, there is speculation in political circles that BJP may seek a larger share of seats in Punjab or could even go it alone.
Sampla is a matriculate who had in the past worked in the Gulf as a plumber before setting up his own business in Punjab.
Sampla began his political journey after being elected Sarpanch of his village and has also held several important positions in the state BJP unit including having been its Vice-President.
He also has been the Chairman of Punjab State Forest Development Corporation and also the Chairman of Punjab State Khadi and Village Industries Board.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Govt trying its best to prevent radicalisation in India: Rajnath SinghSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
India is confident that the Islamic State militants will not be able to make a “big impact” in the country and the government is trying its best to prevent radicalisation among the youth, Home Minister Rajnath Singh has said.
“We are trying every way possible to prevent radicalisation in India. IS has had no significant impact in India, however other countries have been affected. IS will not be able to able to make a big impact in India,” Singh told PTI here in an interview while commenting on reports that a number of youths have joined the dreaded terror outfit.
IS militants control large areas of Iraq and Syria since June but have been targeted by air strikes by the US-led coalition since August.
Singh also did not rule out the possibility of al-Qaeda setting up a branch in the country to wage jihad in the Indian sub-continent.
“Al-Qaeda’s activities have been ongoing but any information regarding an Asia-specific organisation that they have built is not yet available. We, however, do not rule out any possibility,” Singh, who was here for talks with the Israeli leadership on ways to boost Indo-Israeli cooperation in areas like counter-terrorism and cyber-security, said.
Al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri in September had announced that the global Islamist extremist movement has launched a new off-shoot in the Indian sub-continent.
Replying to a question on the biggest security threat for India — home grown outfits like CPI (Maoist), Indian Mujahideen or foreign terrorist groups like al-Qaeda and Lashkar-e-Taiba — Singh said, “We do not differentiate between dangers as big and small. Dangers are dangers.
“All our security agencies, our intelligence agencies, keep a tab on emerging dangers and also take necessary measures to address such dangers,” he said.
Singh also dismissed media reports that terrorists were planning to attack Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“We have no such information in this regard. But with terrorists nothing can be predicted as to what and when are they going to do something.
However, we have no information about any such plan to attack our Prime Minister,” he said.
Recently terror outfit, Indian Mujahideen’s (IM) expert bomb-maker, Waqas alias Javed, a resident of Punjab province in Pakistan was arrested along with three others suspected members of IM from Jaipur and Jodhpur in Rajasthan by the Special Cell of Delhi police.
According to reports, the terror module had plans to carry out terror attacks during the election rally of Modi.
Asked whether India was concerned about security scenario after the withdrawal of US-led coalition forces from war-torn Afghanistan later this year, Singh said: “We have made adequate preparations to meet with the challenges and emerging situation after the withdrawal of NATO forces from Afghanistan. We are not very terrified about that”.
TAGS: Iraq Radicalisation Rajnath Singh Syria
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

US  Iran seek nuclear breakthrough as deadlinenearsPrint
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, right, and Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, shake hands during a meeting in Muscat on Sunday, Nov. 9, 2014. Omani Foreign Minister Yussef bin Alawi bin Abdullah and European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton stand at background. (AP Photo)
By: Agence-France Presse | Muscat | Posted: November 9, 2014 4:25 pm
The United States and Iran began high-level talks in Oman today ahead of a looming deadline for a deal on Tehran’s nuclear programme, with both sides under pressure at home.
US Secretary of State John Kerry started a meeting with Iranian counterpart Mohammad Javad Zarif to try to close substantial gaps before November 24, when an interim agreement is meant to be turned into a comprehensive long-term settlement.
The meeting follows the revelation that US President Barack Obama reportedly wrote to Iran’s supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei to push for a deal, arguing the Islamic republic and the West have shared regional interests.
The apparent reference to the fight against Islamic State group militants in Syria and Iraq, however, was played down by Kerry in Beijing on Saturday, with the US diplomat saying “there is no linkage whatsoever” with the nuclear talks.
Despite the approaching deadline, Iran and the P5+1 group- Britain, China, France, Russia and the United States plus Germany – are far apart on what capabilities Iran’s nuclear programme should have.
The West has as yet been unconvinced by Iran’s denials that it has never sought a nuclear weapon, while Tehran insists its atomic activities are for peaceful, civilian energy purposes only.
A deal, for the West, aims to put a bomb forever beyond Iran’s reach.
Kerry and Zarif began their talks at 11:30 am (local time), with former EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton also present.
At issue is the number of uranium-enriching centrifuges Iran should be allowed to keep spinning in exchange for sanctions relief and rigorous inspections at its nuclear sites.
Iran wants “industrial grade enrichment” beyond its current capabilities while the world powers want a reduction.
However, domestic politics were hanging heavily over the talks, given the loss in midterm elections of the Senate by Obama’s Democrats to the Republican party, members of whom have consistently bridled at the White House’s negotiations with Iran.
If talks go sour in the coming weeks it is thought the US Congress may respond with fresh sanctions on Iran.
Obama has the power to veto them, but the prospect of new penalties could disrupt an already protracted process.

Cabinet Expansion to Speed Up Decision Making: IndustryMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: Industry chambers welcomed the Cabinet expansion on Sunday saying the development signals a serious intent on the part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for faster decision making process and kicking in reforms.
"The induction of new (Cabinet) ministers and ministers of state would streamline governance and bring in new ideas for the economic reforms process," said Ajay Shriram, president of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
Several of the ministries were under a single minister, and industry was widely expecting the expansion of the Cabinet at an early date, he said.
"The Cabinet expansion sends out a strong signal that the government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi is serious about accelerating the reforms process."
It is important to fast-track facilitative and promotional policies to strengthen the economy which is undergoing a recovery process, he added
Another industry body Assocham said the expansion of the Cabinet would surely add new vitality to the government.
"The fact that some of the key portfolios will now have full time Cabinet minister in-charge will provide speed to the decision making in important sectors of the economy," it said in a statement.
"Besides, induction of some leaders in the Cabinet, who enjoy clean image and are known for efficient functioning, has also sent a signal about the non-compromising attitude of the Prime Minister when it comes to these attributes," it added.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 16:47 (IST)

Omar Abdullah Lashes Out at PDP; Alleges Sayeed Orchestrated Massacre of ThousanThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

China Names ICBC for Yuan Clearing in CanadaThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cabinet expansion to speed up decision making: IndustryThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Kingfisher airlines seeks basis of wilful defaulter tag from uco bank<...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Dear netdoji  no one intends to go on war with submarines  tanks...238 Followers
Dear Netdoji,
No one intends to go on war with submarines, tanks and aircrafts. Further suicide attacks are acts of terrorism. Netdoji with all due respect it would be improper to consider war and terrorism in the same balance.
War is an act of aggression with high financial and geo-political ramifications and highly improbable but high impact in the Flat World, especially considering the free trade between most countries.
Terrorism is more localized and the acts different from that of war. They cannot be controlled.
Now coming to the point of some decision makers, i do not believe it is correct to call them stupid. Submarines, tanks and other weapons including nuclear capabilities are for deterrence and safety. In an untoward event of a war if we were not prepared, we would still be calling the decision makes stupid as these weapons cannot be produced in a day.
I personally believe these industries provide employment and the technology provides deterrence.
It is well with in the right of all Nations to have enough armoury for its safety  and that of its citizens.

Adviserbaba  lycos is buy now at this price of rs.57. already correcti...New Member
264 Followers
3.its solely wish of fii`s. btw reason was  FIIs found manipulated books when it was overtaken by ybrant n during march`13 quarter ybrant made a write off of around 150cr to clear books n fii took it wrong. so they exited. actually it was a boon to us, due to this fii sell off n we got it dirt cheap at around 3.
In reply to : adviserbola message
4.55 PM Nov 8th

I agree....my expect i on is mon 2000 next deepavaliCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

India  Bhutan can contribute to outcomes in SAARC: President Pranab MukherjeeBy: Press Trust of India | Thimpu | Posted: November 8, 2014 12:39 pm
Describing India’s ties with Bhutan as “exemplary” that take care of each other’s concerns and vital interests, President Pranab Mukherjee Saturday said the two countries can jointly contribute to constructive talks and far reaching outcomes at the upcoming SAARC Summit.
Addressing a convention, where he also launched a number of India-sponsored programmes in Bhutan, Mukherjee called upon both nations to earnestly take up their role within SAARC for advancement of the region and for global peace, security and development.
“I would like to suggest that India and Bhutan must take up, with all earnestness their role within SAARC to move our regional cooperation towards positive and productive programmes for the advancement of the region and global peace, security and development,” Mukherjee said on the last day of his two-day Bhutan visit, the first by an Indian head of state to the country in last 26 years
“The forthcoming SAARC Summit in Kathmandu will be a crucial meeting in which Bhutan and India can work together to contribute to constructive deliberations and far reaching outcomes,” he said addressing an elite gathering at the Convention Centre here.
Bhutanese Prime Minister Tshering Tobgay, along with his Cabinet colleagues, was present during the function where President Mukherjee unveiled a School Reforms project, a 546-km double-laning road project and a Central school developed through India’s assistance.
Three agreements between IIM Ahmedabad and the Royal Civil Service Commission of Bhutan and one between the Royal University of Bhutan and India’s National Innovation Foundation were signed in the presence of President Mukherjee and the Bhutanese Prime Minister.
An agreement was also signed between the English and Foreign Languages University of Hyderabad and the Royal University of Bhutan.
Delivering an address on the ‘India-Bhutan relations’, the President said, “I would today sum it up as an exemplary bilateral relationship between two neighbouring countries, a unique and successful partnership for mutual benefit, and a symbiotic friendship between two peoples bound by age-old historical and cultural linkages.”
“Our close bilateral relations are based on our many shared perceptions and priorities. There is a deep confidence and trust between our Governments and people and we have ensured that we remain sensitive, as closely cooperating neighbours, to each other’s concerns and vital interests,” he said.

Armed forces to acquire 440 helicopters: Jai...Air Force
(The armed forces had projected…)
NEW DELHI: Armed forces need to acquire 440 helicopters and most of them would be bought from Indian companies, including state-run HAL, to enhance capacity building, Defence Minister Arun Jaitley said.
"Almost 440 helicopters between three services have to be acquired some will be acquired from abroad and most of them have to be domestically manufactured... we have also announced Indian entities can apply and even public sector (firms can apply) so as to have capacity building in India," he said.
The government decision is expected to generate business worth over Rs 40,000 crore for the local industry in the defence sector.
Besides, India also intends to purchase 56 transport aircraft for which only private sector Indian companies are eligible.
"This time we cancelled the earlier decision and said they will be manufactured in India and Indian companies should apply and only Indian companies should apply which means Indian companies with joint ventures can apply," he said.
The armed forces had projected their requirements to the Defence Ministry before the government scrapped a Rs 6,000 crore tender to procure 197 such helicopters for the Army and the Air Force .
Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd has already started a project in Tumkur, Karnataka, for building light helicopters, which will have a capacity to lift 2.5 tonnes payload.
Jaitley further said the Defence Acquisition Council of India now meets every month.
"I am sure it will continue to happen because the mechanism has been institutionalised," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Laxmikant Parsekar sworn-in as Goa s new Chief MinisterChief Minister
(Parrikar said that he…)
PANAJI: Laxmikant Parsekar was on saturday sworn-in as the new Chief Minister of Goa, soon after Manohar Parrikar resigned. Parsekar was elected leader of the BJP Legislature Party, paving the way for his elevation as the new Chief Minister, snuffing out any challenge from Deputy CM Francis D'Souza.
Madhya Pradesh CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan tweeted, "I congratulate & wish Mr Laxmikant Parsekar all the best as new Goa CM. I am sure you will ably take forward & nurture values of @BJP4India."
I congratulate & wish Mr Laxmikant Parsekar all the best as new Goa CM. I am sure you will ably take forward & nurture values of @BJP4India .
— ShivrajSingh Chouhan (@ChouhanShivraj) November 8, 2014
Parsekar, who was unanimously elected the leader at a meeting of the BJP Legislature Party, will succeed Manohar Parrikar after he resigned earlier in the day and is set to join the Union Cabinet.
His name was proposed by Parrikar and seconded by the Deputy Chief Minister D'Souza, who had earlier staked claim to the post on ground of seniority.
However, he backed Parsekar after being mollified by the party leadership.
"Parsekar was elected the leader of the BJP Legislature Party unanimously," said party general secretary Rajiv Pratap Rudy , party's observer for the election.
Earlier, Parrikar faxed his resignation to Governor Mridula Sinha at Raj Bhavan. The 58-year-old technocrat- turned politician had taken over as Chief Minister in March 2012 after BJP rode to power in the coastal state.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BJP to recruit 10 crore new members: Prakash JavadekarBJP
(BJP leader and Union Minister…)
BHUBANESWAR: Claiming that people were impressed with the performance of Narendra Modi Government, senior BJP leader and Union Minister Prakash Javadekar today said the party plans to induct 10 crore new members across the country by March 31.
"Our target is to get ten crore new members across the country this time as against over 3.5 crore enrolled last time during 2010-11. We are confident of achieving the set number as people are with us," Javadekar told reporters here after launching BJP's membership drive in Odisha.
Javadekar, who is Environment and Forest and Information and Broadcasting Minister, said since BJP's vote share has gone up to 18 crore this time from around 8 crore in previous polls, inducting 10 crore members during the drive slated to continue up to March 31 should not be tough.
Stating that 80 per cent of Lok Sabha seats reserved for STs and SCs were won by BJP, the party stalwart said it showed that poor, Dalits, backward classes and economically weaker sections were eager to rise and achieve development under the leadership of Modi.
The number of seats won by BJP has gone up to 282 from 116, the union minister said adding that the party got overwhelming support from people in backward and rural belts of Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand as they knew that only BJP would be able to fulfill their aspirations.
Stating that people had faith in the ideology and plans of BJP before last polls, Javadekar said, "People are highly impressed with the performance of Modi government following sharp fall in the prices of petrol and petroleum products and essential commodities."
Turning to Odisha, BJP leader said the party targets to induct 40 lakh members in the state as compared to 3 lakh members enrolled last time. The target is quite realistic as the party got about 46 lakh votes in the state in the last elections, he said.
Javadekar said a unique technique is being used with the help of mobile phones for the membership drive. Those desirous of joining the party can simply call the designated number for registration after which partymen would visit them to complete the formalities, he said.
Stating that the technique would be effective with tele-density in Odisha being 65 per cent, he said besides mobile phones, other methods are also being used.
Dismissing suggestions that BJP was being soft towards the BJD government in Odisha, Javadekar said "BJP is not soft towards BJD but is soft towards people of the state."
BJP would be strengthened in Odisha as people from all quarters including the BJD are coming forward to join our party as they are attracted by the dynamic policies and programmes of Modi, he said adding the state is rocked by a series of scandals including the multi-crore chitfund scam during the BJD rule.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Housewife gang raped in Bengal  two arrestedThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dr Reddys rises to record on US FDA nod for generic ValcyteFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Dr Reddy’s Laboratories closed at a record high of Rs 3,397.15 on the BSE on Friday, up 4.42% from the previous close, the highest single-day gain since July 2013.
The stock climbed as much as 6.2% intra-day, on the back of the company receiving US FDA approval for a generic version of antiviral drug Valcyte. The scrip has closed higher on each of the last five trading sessions, having gained 12% during the period.
The announcement of the US FDA approval comes a day after Ranbaxy Laboratories said it has lost its 180-day marketing exclusivity on the drug after the US regulator withdrew the previously-granted tentative approval. A Dr Reddy’s spokesperson confirmed that the launch was expected shortly, but did not specify the dosages for which the approval was received or whether it had marketing exclusivity in the US.
Reuters reported US FDA as saying on Friday that there were no companies with such sales exclusivity for Valcyte generic anymore.
Bloomberg Intelligence pegs Valcyte US sales for CY13 at $388.04 million. Ranbaxy said on Thursday that the US FDA had withdrawn tentative approval for two drugs, Valcyte and acid-reflux blockbuster therapy Nexium.
So far in 2014, the stock has generated a return of 34.11% against the benchmark Sensex return of 32%.
In the last 12 trading sessions, top five BFSI firms have collectively added close to 851 points to Sensex’s 1,917-point ascent since October 17, 2014. This represents a near 45% contribution to gains in the 30-share benchmark. The country’s largest lender, State Bank of India (SBI), gained 2.2% on Wednesday to close at R2,782.25 — the highest in three-and-a-half years. ICICI Bank, India’s largest private sector lender, and HDFC, the largest bank by market capitalisation, ended at historic highs.
Analysts said growing expectations of rate cut by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) at the next policy review have backed the recent rally as has the growing interest of foreign portfolio (FPI) investors in banking stocks. Overseas investors are betting BFSI stocks to be at the heart of the market rally. A pick-up in credit growth will play a pivotal role in an up-turn in economic growth that is envisioned by the government, they said. Credit growth has recovered to 11.16% after a hitting a decade low of 9.7%. Banks are targeting a credit growth of 12-15% for full-year FY15.
The inclination towards banking shares was also seen replicated in the previous two rallies in May 2014 and August-September 2014, when banking stocks contributed about 25-40% at a time when benchmark indices surged more than 7% in a span of 12-19 days. Between May 8 and 23, the Sensex had gained 2,369 points, or 11%. SBI had contributed more with 260 points, followed by ICICI Bank with 248 points. All the banking stocks have outperformed the Sensex so far this year with a return ranging between 37-76%. The Sensex gained 32% in the same period. On Wednesday, the BSE Bankex closed at record high 19,872.26, up 1.41%. Axis Bank was the top performer in the sector with 2.93% gains, followed by SBI. Among the banking stocks, Axis Bank gained the most with 76% return in CY14.

Our target is young Indian entrepreneurs: Rolls RoyceEditorial: Reliance Industries goes to Mexico
British carmaker Rolls-Royce expects more young entrepreneurs to buy its luxury cars in India, one of the top five markets for the company in Asia-Pacific. Sven J Ritter, general manager, Asia-Pacific, at Rolls Royce, in an interview with Rhik Kundu, says he sees significant growth in India as economic growth revives and more affluent people enter the super-rich category. The iconic carmaker launched its latest car, the Ghost Series II, in Mumbai on Friday. Excerpts:
What kind of growth do you expect in India?
At present, about 70% of India’s population is under 30. The economy is growing and so is the average salary of working professionals. There is an aspiration for our cars, especially with our strong heritage here. This makes us optimistic about strong demand. Our target audience are young entrepreneurs who want to reward themselves with a Rolls-Royce.
What kind of demand do you see for the Ghost Series II?
Robust. Ghost has been very strong in India. We launched the Ghost in 2011 here, after launching it worldwide in 2010. Though we have a lot of old Rolls-Royce regulars using our cars in India, we are also seeing the younger generation of entrepreneurs using our vehicles. This makes us optimistic on growth.
The overall luxury car market in India is $14 billion a year, according to Boston Consulting Group. How do you plan to increase your share in the segment?
Rolls-Royce is seeing sustainable growth in India. With five dealers, we have one of the largest networks in the luxury segment. We are looking for new opportunities as India is one of the biggest countries in terms of billionaires and high net-worth individuals.
Your parent company, BMW, has made inroads here in terms of network, dealership and marketing. Will we see greater synergy between Rolls-Royce and BMW in India?
Rolls-Royce is authentic, and it has its own engine. What we get from BMW is technical and engineering support. In the end, a Rolls-Royce will always be a Rolls-Royce, and vastly different from a BMW. We would like to keep it that way.
TAGS: Rolls Royce Ghost II Rolls-Royce
More from companies

The guard who opened up the Berlin WallThe East German border guard who opened the Berlin Wall
Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e62e2b2-638a-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Agni-II ballistic missile succesfully test-firedAP File photo shows Agni-II missile at a rehearsal for the Republic Day parade in New Delhi.
TOPICS
missile systems
Hits impact point in the Bay of Bengal with ‘two-digit accuracy’
India test-fired the nuclear weapon-capable Agni-II ballistic missile for its full strike range of 2,000 km from Wheeler Island off the Odisha Coast around 9.40 a.m. on Sunday. Personnel of the Strategic Forces Command (SFC) fired the surface-to-surface missile from a mobile launcher. The 20-metre-tall Agni-II zoomed to an altitude of 600 km and began its descent before splashing near its pre-designated impact point in the Bay of Bengal with “two-digit accuracy.”
A battery of sophisticated radars, electro-optical systems and telemetry stations along the east coast tracked the trajectory and monitored various parameters of the missile from the launch till the terminal phase during the 14-minute flight. Two downrange ships recorded the final event as the dummy warhead detonated.
The exercise was carried out as regular user training under the supervision of missile scientists from the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), which designed and developed the weapon system. The two-stage missile has been inducted for military use and can carry a one-tonne payload.
V.G. Sekaran, Director-General, DRDO (Missiles and Strategic Systems); M.V.K.V. Prasad, Director of Integrated Test Range; Lakshminarayana, Project Director; senior DRDO scientists; and Army officials were present.
Talking to The Hindu later, a top DRDO official lauded the SFC team for displaying clockwork precision. “This gives lot of confidence in a combat kind of situation,” he said.
Terming Agni-II a workhorse, the official said the overall mission objectives were met precisely. The navigation, guidance and control aspects of this class of missile were proven once again.
“It is an achievement by itself. Demonstrating it repeatedly gives a lot of confidence,” he said.

Rattan India Power to bid for coal blocks to revive unitsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Bandaru Dattatreya: Lone Telangana face in Modi CabinetBy: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: November 9, 2014 5:04 pm
A prominent leader of the saffron party in undivided Andhra Pradesh, Bandaru Dattatreya rose through the ranks from being a full-time RSS pracharak to become the lone representative of the new state of Telangana in the Union Cabinet.
A four-time MP from Secunderabad, Dattatreya earlier served as the Union Minister of State for Urban Development, Poverty Alleviation and Railways in the A B Vajpayee Cabinet during 1998-99 and 2000-04.
Dattatreya held Independent charge of the Urban Development Ministry from 2003 to 2004 and was member of Lok Sabh from 1991 to 1996, 1998-99 and 1999-2004.
However, he had lost the 2004 and 2009 Lok Sabha elections.
Born on June 12, 1947, Dattatreya joined RSS in 1965 and worked as a Pracharak in the Sangh fountainhead from 1968 to 1989.
A state joint secretary of Lok Sangharsh Samiti of the Jayaprakash Narayan movement, he was arrested under MISA during Emergency.
He went on to join the BJP in 1980 and held various positions in the party in undivided Andhra Pradesh, including state general secretary, vice president and state unit president.
He was also National Secretary of BJP, in-charge of Tamil Nadu, in 2004 and National Vice President in 2010.
A down-to-earth leader, Dattatreya has been associated with various grassroot organisations representing hawkers and auto drivers.
He also headed cultural organisations like Seva Bharati and Samskara Bharati and worked for slum development

From IIT to Harvard to Modis ministryJayant Sinha
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 4:59 pm
He went to IIT Delhi and came out with flying colours, and from there he went to the Harvard Business school to enter the corporate world.
Today, Jayant Sinha, son of BJP veteran and former Finance Minister Yashwant Sinha, is a member of the Narendra Modi’s Council of Ministers.
51-year-old Jayant, an investment fund manager and management consultant so far, was elected to the Lok Sabha in May this year from Hazaribagh in Jharkhand, a seat once represented by Sinha senior. He has been associated with the corporate world for nearly 25 years before he entered Parliament as a first-time MP.
Since becoming an MP, Jayant has also been a member of three parliamentary committees – Public Accounts Committee, Standing Committee on Finance and Committee on Subordinate Legislation.
He had been a partner and managing director, Omidyar Network India Advisors. He was once a partner at McKinsey and Co and Managing Director, Courage Capital Management.
He did his MBA with distinction from Harvard Business School and MS in Energy Management and Policy, University of Pennsylvania and BTech with Distinction from IIT, Delhi.
An avid tennis player, he is married to Punita Kumar-Sinha, an investment manager and former Senior Managing Director at The Blackstone Group.
Jayant has been active in Hazaribagh, assisting his father’s election campaigns since 1998. He has also worked on a variety of projects in Hazaribagh and Ramgarh districts such as fostering self-help groups, distributing solar lanterns, improving drinking water quality, and getting village roads built.
Besides campaigning for his father, Jayant has worked with party veteran Murli Manohar Joshi and Arun Shourie on the BJP’s manifesto during the 2009 Lok Sabha elections.

From marksman to MoS: Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore hits bullseyePresident Pranab Mukherjee administers oath to new Minister of State Col. Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore at the swearing-in ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 4:53 pm
Having excelled in shooting ranges, ace marksman Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore has now hit target in the political arena as well, getting a berth in the Narendra Modi government on Sunday as a Minister of State in his maiden stint as an MP.
43-year-old Rathore, who rose to fame when he won a silver medal in the 2004 Olympics in Athens finishing second in the double trap shooting event, made a successful transition to politics, winning the Lok Sabha polls from Jaipur Rural constituency earlier this year.
He had decided to take a shot at politics last September when he joined BJP after taking voluntary retirement from the army as a Colonel.
After entering politics, Rathore had contended, “I must not back out when the nation is faced with a different kind of threat.”
After passing out of the National Defence Academy, Rathore served the army for 23 years. Besides his Olympic silver medal, Rathore also won a gold medal and set a new games record of 192 targets out of 200 at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, which stands to
this day.
He went on to successfully defend his Commonwealth Championship title by winning the yellow metal at the Melbourne Commonwealth Games in 2006. He won gold medals in two World Shooting Championships, at Sydney in 2004 and Cairo in 2006.

Festive mood at Goa BJP office as Parrikar joins Modi CabinetA giant screen outside Goa BJP office where celebrations took off as Parrikar was sworn in. (Source: Shalini Nair)
By: Express News Service | Panaji | Posted: November 9, 2014 4:11 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 4:15 pm
A giant screen was propped up outside BJP party office in Goa, where party workers, BJP corporators and former Goa CM Manohar Parrikar’s personal staff, sat huddled together since noon.
Around 1.30 pm, as Parrikar appeared on screen for his swearing-in, the still of the sleepy Sunday street was broken by the crowds that leapt off their chairs boisterously cheering, distributing sweets and lighting fire-crackers. “It is a very mixed feeling for us. Yesterday we were sad that he is abruptly leaving Goa, today we feel proud to see him being inducted
“It is a very mixed feeling for us. Yesterday we were sad that he is abruptly leaving Goa, today we feel proud to see him being inducted into the Modi cabinet,” said Sheetal Naik, 32-year-old BJP corporator from Panaji.
BJP Shailesh Ugadekar, Parrikar’s personal secretary of 14 years who had also assembled outside the BJP office to join the celebrations, said that the former CM has decided to not take any of his personal staff with him to Delhi, at least for the moment.
“For now we have been told to stay back to assist Goa’s new CM Laxmikant Parsekar. Parrikar used to work from 8 am to 11 pm daily not even taking a break during holidays or festivals. Already there is a gaping hole with him gone, if his staff is taken away from here, he feels there will be a complete void,” said Ugadekar.

Analysis: Whats behind the release of 2 Americans by N KoreaPrint
Matthew Miller, who had been held in North Korea since April, 2014, is greeted after arriving Saturday, Nov. 8, 2014, at Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Wash., after they were freed during a top-secret mission by James Clapper, U.S. director of national intelligence. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Tokyo | Posted: November 9, 2014 3:46 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 3:50 pm
While the details behind the release of the final two Americans held in North Korea — Matthew Miller of Bakersfield, California, and Kenneth Bae of Lynnwood, Washington — are still unclear, here are questions and some answers as to what might have motivated the North to let the two men out.
Q: WHAT DOES NORTH KOREA GET OUT OF IT?
A: Pyongyang apparently got at least one thing it wanted: A senior U.S. official had to come personally to retrieve the two Americans. James Clapper, the director of national intelligence, was the highest-ranking American to visit Pyongyang in more than a decade.
A senior Obama administration official said Clapper spent roughly a day on the ground and met with North Korean security officials — but not with leader Kim Jong Un.
Clapper went with the sole purpose of bringing home the two detainees, although the U.S. anticipated that other issues of concern to the North would come up during his discussions, according to the official traveling with Obama to Beijing. The official said that North Koreans indicated in recent weeks that they would release the detainees if the U.S. sent a high-level official from Obama’s administration.
Clapper’s visit in itself is something of a coup for Pyongyang, which has for months been pursuing a high-profile campaign to keep the detainees’ situation on Washington’s radar.
As part of that effort, the North had allowed the men, along with a third detainee, Jeffrey Fowle, who was released last month, to meet with The Associated Press and other media. The AP met with Fowle and Miller three times. Each time, they pleaded for a senior U.S. statesman to come and bail them out.
That has been the pattern in past releases. Previously, trips have been made by former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton.
Pyongyang tends to look on such visits as stature-boosting evidence that is tantamount to an official apology — though U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry recently said Washington had no intention of offering any official apology to Pyongyang as a quid pro quo.
Q: WHY NOW?
A: There is a growing concern in North Korea over international pressure in connection with its human rights record. A recent U.N. report documented rape, torture, executions and forced labor in the North’s network of prison camps, accusing the government of “widespread, systematic and gross” human rights violations.
North Korea strongly denies those allegations, which it claims are based mainly on politically motivated statements from defectors. It released continued…

Jinping warns on Taiwan independence amid disputesThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Cabinet Expansion Swearing-in: Parrikar  Suresh Prabhu  Nadda and Birender Singh Take Oath as Cabinet MinistersThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Jaitley plans to act on GST  land acquisition and insurance billThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Will continue with same policies formulated under Parrikar  says Goa CM ParsekarThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

What suven hold 222---224 sl 218 tar above 273 short term what tar pos...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Sanjiv kapoor @skapoorspicejet  6h 6 hours ago "this time  t...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

One more thing put dept as commerce & industries department...Platinum Member
394 Followers
Letter has reached to KA Sachivalaya and its been acknowledged on 5th Nov 2014. Since our file is having PMG status I expect faster reply from SG. In subject put Ganajur and go to page 3 Last entry is for Ganajur Letter Number: 4/113/2010MIV   Link : http://t.in.com/3HAt

Another hopeless management...this small sell must be some sort of dra...New Member
0 Follower
Don`t worry too much about the promoters .. Wait for the results and hope they trim the losses.. Everyone knows the results are gonna be bad,anything better will move the stock up.My personal opinion.
12.20 PM Nov 8th

South Africa begins $2bn state sell-off© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f16d00e-6347-11e4-9a79-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba jumps as results beat forecastsNovember 4, 2014 1:16 pm
Alibaba shares at record high as results beat forecasts
Charles Clover in Beijing and Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/84fbf194-6422-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bain Capital selling $200 mln of shares in Indias HeroMotoCorpFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
U.S. private investment firm Bain Capital is selling $200 million worth of shares in India’s Hero MotoCorp Ltd, with an option to sell more, according to a term sheet seen by Reuters.
Bain Capital is selling nearly 4.3 million shares in India’s biggest maker of motorcycles and scooters at a price range of 2,859.58 rupees to 2,963.30 rupees, the term sheet showed.
The Bain Capital arm selling the stake owned about 11.5 million shares of Hero MotoCorp as of end-September, or about 5.77 percent, according to Indian stock exchange data.
Indian markets were closed on Thursday for a holiday.

Empowered Republicans wary of Iran talksEmpowered Republicans wary of Iran talks
Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/125ecd10-65d4-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A move towards a nuclear deal with IranA move towards a nuclear deal with Iran
The midterm elections in the US must not put an accord in doubt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/86598606-65b1-11e4-aba7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Moodys downgrades South AfricaNovember 6, 2014 6:53 pm
South Africa growth fears prompt Moody’s downgrade
Andrew England in Johannesburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2117e62c-65e1-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Global food prices decline seventh month in a row. Do you see India benefitingRepost
Guest
Dont see India benefitting.  For the past few years, global inflation was near 2 or 3%.  For some reason, (presumably profligate government spending), Indian citizens had to bear an inflation of 10 % for almost 4 to 5 years.  There does not seem to be any hope, until government policies change.
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
1.26 PM Nov 7th

Felt relaxed working with Sanjay Dutt on  PK : Aamir KhanBy: Press Trust of India | Noida | Posted: November 9, 2014 11:07 am
Bollywood star Aamir Khan, who will be sharing screen with Sanjay Dutt for the first time in ‘PK’, says the actor made him feel very secure and relaxed on the sets of the Rajkumar Hirani-helmed film.
Dutt, 55, will essay the role of Aamir’s friend Bhairo Singh in the film.
“I had an amazing time working with Sanju. I felt very secure and relaxed around him. He is like an elder brother and I really enjoyed the time we spent on sets. I admire the warmth and love in him. It was a memorable experience working with him,” Aamir said during the launch of the first song from ‘PK’ titled ‘Tharki Chokro’ here last evening.
The 49-year-old actor said that he and the whole team of ‘PK’ are trying to organise a special screening for Dutt, who is currently housed inside the Yerwada Central Jail in Pune.
“We want to have a screening for Sanjay… both me and Raju are trying to officially get permission from authorities. If they permit us then we will be very happy,” he said.
Also read – Watch: Aamir Khan as ‘Tharki Chokro’ in the first song of ‘PK’
‘PK’ is the second collaboration between Aamir and Hirani. The duo previously worked together in 2009 blockbuster ‘3 Idiots’.
When asked why he took up ‘PK’, Aamir said, “I loved the script and Raju is one of my favourite directors. So I was very excited to work with him once again. And also the character was very intriguing. It was the most challenging role I have done in my 25-year-long career.”
In the teasers of the film, Aamir speaks Bhojpuri and the actor says he had hired a coach to help him perfect the language.
“I speak Bhojpuri throughout the film. It was a challenge for me. I had a coach named Shanti Bhushan, who phonetically taught me the language. I had rehearsed my lines for 2-3 months,” Aamir said.
The ‘Dil Chahta Hai’ actor said that for the first time in his career his rehearsals did not help while shooting ‘PK’ as he would end up doing the scenes very differently from what he had planned.
“Whatever I had planned for the scene as an actor, all the rehearsals went in vain because when I went to shoot it was completely different. And it happened many times and both me and Raju loved it,” Aamir said.
‘PK’, produced by Hirani, Vidhu Vinod Chopra and Siddharth Roy Kapur, also stars Anushka Sharma, Sushant Singh Rajput, Boman Irani, Saurabh Shukla among others.
The film will hit theatres on December 19.

Modi Govt supportive of three-stage indigenous nuclear programme'Modi Govt supportive of three-stage indigenous nuclear programme'
Rahul Wadke
A file picture of Turbine Generator Erection at the Koodankulam plant.
Mumbai, Nov 7:  
The Modi Government is supportive of the three-stage indigenous nuclear programme and has fully backed India's nuclear establishment, said R Chidambaram, Principal Scientific Adviser to the Government of India.
He was interacting with media on the sidelines of Indian Nuclear Energy Summit organised by UBM India and Department of Atomic Energy.
Chidambaram, who is the eyes and the ears of the Central Government on matters of civilian and strategic uses of nuclear materials, said that the country has adequate supply of Uranium from Indian and as well as imported sources. A change in the guidelines by the Nuclear Supply Group has ensured steady supply of Uranium to the nuclear power plants in the country, he said.
On the long-delayed, 500-MW prototype Fast Breeder Reactor (FBR) plant, which is under construction for over a decade at Kalpakkam, Tamil Nadu, he said that the plant would get commissioned by mid-2015.
A senior DAE official said that the success of the Rs 5,800-crore demonstration plant would help India's nuclear programme immensely as such a plant can produce more nuclear fuel than it is uses up during its operations.
India has a fourth of all the Thorium discovered on earth but Thorium cannot be directly used as a fuel until it is converted into Uranium-233, for which FBR plants are essential, the official said.
Chidambaram added that India's nuclear power plants produce power at competitive rates, as fuel costs are low but the capital costs are high due to high rate of interest. The fuelling costs are recurring but over the 60 years lifetime of a plant, the power rates become very competitive.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

Size zero It s for mannequins: Huma QureshiWhich classic would you have chosen as your debut movie?
Kaagaz Ke Phool (1959).
If you weren’t an actress, you would have been...
A chef or a restaurant owner.
Sexiest actors in Bollywood.
Ranbir Kapoor, Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan.
One director you want to work with.
Martin Scorsese. And, back home, Raju (Rajkumar) Hirani.
What excites you about gangster films?
The edginess of the world shocks you.
Do you enjoy doing romantic films?
I’m a complete rom-com girl who grew up on films like
When Harry Met Sally (1989), Titanic (1997) and SRK-Kajol films.
What kind of a foodie are you?
The big munching type!
Bollywood’s most romantic pair.
Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol.
What is your style like?
Casual, comfortable and quirky.
Your take on size zero.
It’s for mannequins. #Facepalm
A dessert that describes you.
A yummy red velvet cupcake.
A dance number you would love to do.
Dhak dhak karne laga from Beta (1992).
Your idea of a perfect weekend.
Swimming, seafood and the sun.
What do you love about Delhi?
The weather and the food.
What makes your day?
A hug, a good coffee, a smile, white lillies and a good film.
What spoils it?
Rash, uncouth behaviour, road rage, a broken toenail.
Your favourite junk food.
Chilli cheese toast and chips.
You de-stress with...
The last line of your autobiography would read…
Turn the page.
From HT Brunch, November 9
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch

Johnson & Johnson Buys Energy Drink BrandYou are here: Home Corporates
Johnson & Johnson Buys Energy Drink Brand ORSL
Reuters | Updated On: November 07, 2014 18:14 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai: Johnson & Johnson Inc said on Friday that it had bought the energy drink brand ORSL from Jagdale Industries Ltd for an undisclosed amount, in a bid to expand its consumer healthcare business in the country.
The US-based diversified healthcare firm did not disclose the financial terms of the deal, but a source directly involved in the transaction told Reuters that Johnson & Johnson acquired the brand for about Rs 750 crore.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Good Conditions in Place for 10% Growth: Deepak ParekhMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Mumbai: Bullish over robust fundamentals and improving macroeconomic conditions, industry leader Deepak Parekh on Saturday said India currently has "exceptionally good conditions" in place to aspire for 10 per cent economic growth, but much needs to be done to achieve that target.
While stating that a 10 per cent GDP growth was certainly achievable, Mr Parekh, however, said he would not "hazard a guess" on the time frame for achieving a double-digit growth.
"I try and think back and I can't recall any other instance than now when India had rising stock markets, falling oil prices and a stable, majority government all at the same time.
"These are exceptionally good conditions to once again lay the foundation for the much-aspired 10 per cent GDP growth for India," he said while speaking at the ISB Capital Markets Conclave here.
Mr Parekh, known for his candid views on issues related to Indian economy and markets, said it is "suffice to say that a 10 per cent GDP growth will not happen without extensive judicial, electoral, police, labour and land reforms, along with financial sector reforms."
"At this juncture, much needs to be done to even attain a 6.5-7 per cent GDP growth rate.
"But yes, the picture had changed dramatically for India," he said, while listing out three fundamental changes including improved confidence with the government being perceived as being able to deliver on growth and what is driving the present euphoria.
On the other two changes, he said: "India has a Prime Minister who leads from the front and key macro fundamentals are working in India's favour".
For the current fiscal, Mr Parekh said the estimated GDP growth rate was 5.5-5.9 per cent, while adding that India has been performing significantly better than many other emerging markets.
He said the research analysts are already describing India as being on the top among the BRICs and the "best house" in a bad neighbourhood.
"And to borrow the latest buzz phrase from Bill Gross, India is considered the 'cleanest dirty shirt' amongst emerging markets," he said, while adding that India has become the toast of the FII party as it is perceived as 'less of a mess' in comparison.
Mr Parekh said that FIIs have invested $37 billion so far this year, including around $14 billion in equities and debt inflows of $23 billion.
"And while another new high of 28,000 has been touched, brokerage houses have long since sent the Sensex forecast sky high," he added.
Story first published on: November 08, 2014 12:22 (IST)

Under new publisher  Washington Post plans an upgraded assault on the airwavesBy Erik Wemple November 7 Follow @ErikWemple
Politico became Politico in part by blanketing radio and television shows with Politico reporters. Having germinated in 2007 in office space shared with WJLA-TV (Channel 7) and NewsChannel8, the Rosslyn-based web-and-print outlet started with a multimedia ethos and quickly went about securing media “hits” for its people on MSNBC, local radio station WTOP and way, way beyond.
The punditry push was masterminded by current chief operating officer Kim Kingsley , and it all occurred under the leadership of Fred Ryan, who served as president and chief operating officer of Allbritton Communications Co., Politico’s parent company. Now that Ryan has crossed the Potomac to serve as publisher of The Washington Post, the media-assault formula is coming with him.
Barely a month after Ryan’s arrival, Post editors and communications staff are preparing to increase the number of radio and television hits for staffers. Communications staff will conduct a fresh round of media-training sessions this month.
It’s unclear just how many media hits The Post now racks up, and a request for that information didn’t fetch the goods. But its staffers appear regularly on the airwaves these days, aided by three full-time staffers who build relationships with radio and television producers across the country. Politico’s Kingsley, in fact, previously worked in such a capacity at The Post. Asked whether the initiative could distract Post reporters from their stories, Executive Editor Martin Baron replied via e-mail: “Many already appear regularly without shortchanging their journalism. The journalistic work will always take priority, but I don’t think it needs to be compromised at all. And, ideally, more of our staffers would make themselves available for TV and radio appearances. We certainly field a huge volume of requests to speak with our journalists.”
Cameron Barr, The Post’s national editor, tells the Erik Wemple Blog that the initiative is a “fine idea.” “It’s good exposure for reporters and for their work,” he says. “I don’t really see a downside.”
Responsibility for overseeing the outreach rests with Kris Coratti, the Post’s veteran communications chief who just received a promotion to the vice presidential level , a clear reflection of the priority that Ryan places on media visibility.
The bizosophical question underlying this latest initiative is whether The Post, a legacy media outlet dating to 1877 , needs a brand-building offensive in the same manner of Politico at the time of its founding. Putting the Post’s brand name in front of media consumers around the country jibes with the paper’s recent efforts to fortify its national reach, in part through partnerships with regional U.S. newspapers .
Whatever its merits, the project advances the notion that Ryan is infusing The Post with Politico stuff. At Ryan’s introduction to the newsroom, there was talk of “winning the morning,” Politico’s journalistic war cry, and today he announced the accession of former Allbritton colleague Steve Gibson as the Post’s new chief financial officer.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

Domestic FIIs beat FIIs: 6 factsNarendra Modi’s bottom-up idea to replace Plan panel secures support of CMs
For the first time in 14 months, monthly net investments into equities by domestic financial institutional (Domestic FIs) at $ 670 million exceeded net investments by FIIs at $145 million, says Deutsche Bank.
What does it mean: This further corroborates the thesis that the role of domestic investors will likely assume greater significance as the nature of savings of Indian households shifts away from physical assets to financial assets, on the back of easing macro imbalances and improving real interest rates.
India among top recipients of FII inflows: Even as FII flows into Indian equities abated sharply to $1 45 million (vs. the six-month average of $1.6 billion), India still emerged as the top recipient of FII flows amongst Asian emerging market peers.
On a YTD (year till date) basis too, India has witnessed the highest FII inflows into equities at $14 billion. FII flows into Indian debt, however, remained strong in Oct as well, coming in at $2.8 billion.
Sensex is trading at price-to-earnings ratio of 16.6x, one year forward, which is not too expensive given expectations of policy overdrive in an approaching election-free window, Deutsche Bank says
FY15 earnings revisions continue to moderate, with analysts raising earnings for 18 companies and cutting them for 26, while FY16 earnings revision saw 21 raises and 25 cuts.
 
TAGS: Domestic FIIs FIIs India Investments
More from economy

Passion to professionSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
ABHISEK BASAK, a 30-something graduate from Delhi’s National Institute of Fashion Technology, has been a designer for as long as he can remember. However, while working for a product designing company in 2013, he realised that his love for design was way more than he had anticipated. It was then that Basak, a firm believer in reuse and recycle, started creating jewellery and other items using old watch parts and reclaimed wood. What began as a hobby has now turned into a full-fledged business called Absinthe Designs.
Till date, Basak’s company has satisfied customers across all seven continents and more than 100 countries around the planet. The brand has been a part of several exhibitions around the country and has created a different genre of products across several categories.
Basak promotes his designs, which he claims are unique and one-of-a-kind, as, “each and every item that you buy from my label is unique and handmade, and thus there is no way they can be replicated. I make each and every item myself and ensure its exclusivity”.
“My designs are deeply inspired from the Victorian era and ‘steampunked’ to bridge the gap between the two centuries. What started with jewellery has now moved into other things like USB drives, decorative lights and ‘personalisation’ of objects such as a special Nintendo Game Boy that I designed for a client recently,” says the Delhi-based designer.
Like Basak, Kishore Gam Taid, too, left his cushy corporate job as an investment banker to take up football—of which he has been a fanatic fan since childhood—full-time in 2010. After working as an investment banker for about two-and-a-half years, he and a former IIT-Delhi classmate Anurag Khilnani approached Indian football star Bhaichung Bhutia sometime in February 2010 to facilitate the education and training of children in the sport at the grassroots level. Six months later, Bhaichung Bhutia Football Schools was born.
“From just one centre in Delhi-NCR, we have now expanded to 15 centres, training about 1,200 youngsters across the country. Apart from training students in schools, for which we charge a fee, we also impart free coaching facilities to underprivileged but talented kids through our Indian Football Foundation, a not-for-profit organisation,” says the 30-year-old Taid. Currently, Taid’s team is also involved in managing the Delhi Dynamos team in the ongoing Indian Super League football tournament.
Basak and Taid are not the only ones to have cashed in on their hobbies and pastimes and turned them into entrepreneurial successes. Take Kaavita Das, for instance. A former marketing executive, the yoga enthusiast started The Yoga Chakra in the tony Greater Kailash I area of New Delhi in 2013.
With plans to open her second yoga studio soon, 30-year-old Das says, “I started doing yoga when I was six years old and have continued ever since. However, after working for a few years, I realised that the corporate way wasn’t my cup of tea, so I started The Yoga Chakra along with a friend.”
Das, who teaches vinyasa yoga, aqua yoga and aerial yoga, plans to take yoga to the masses. “We plan to share with the world the energy and happiness that yoga has brought into our lives. That was the basic idea behind my first studio. With the response that we have witnessed, we now plan to launch our second studio very soon,” she adds.
Another successful entrepreneur who banked on his hobby bug is Kunal Mittal. For Mittal, who claims to have explored more than 23 countries around the world, travelling was all about discovery and thrill until he started 90Bids.com, a travel site that follows the bidding model.
The Delhi-based CEO and co-founder of 90Bids.com says: “I have often wondered if one could offer travel-related products, which users could not only enjoy, but also avail themselves of at cheaper rates. We worked on this idea and came up with 90Bids.com in April this year,” says Mittal.
The quirky model enables users to bid for air tickets, hotel stays and even international holiday packages with the bid amount going as low as R350 for a Delhi-London-Delhi air ticket. To get started, one needs to create an account on 90Bids. Once signed in, users get 20 complementary tokens that are automatically credited to their accounts. One can start bidding with these tokens—each token gives one the capability of bidding once. If one happens to finish them off, additional tokens can also be bought, with each token costing R10.
“We have grown at a very fast pace and have about 10,000 active users on our site in just a couple of months’ time. We are targeting one lakh users within a year’s span and are also coming up with some very unique categories,” says Mittal.
Mumbai-based Megha Agarwal started ArtisanGilt.com in 2010 after she realised that there was a demand-supply gap not only for handmade products, but also for several non-branded, non-standard designer product categories. “We started our business with a small collection of handmade home and living products (handicrafts) in June 2013. As our interaction with customers and suppliers grew, we noticed there was a huge demand-supply gap,” explains Agarwal.
ArtisanGilt.com provides consumers with novel, authentic and affordable handmade lifestyle products sourced from the finest of Indian artisans. The team travels the expanse of India to discover skilled artisans and their art forms, so that they can provide them with good reach using the Internet as a platform.
Currently, Agarwal and her team undertake about 20-22 orders per day with an average ticket size of around R2,000. In the past 12 months, a large part of their focus has been on building a strong product portfolio for customers and optimising logistics.
“There is no point in marketing unless you have some good thing to sell. We have only started marketing actively in the past four months and today we get around 6,000 visitors on our website daily. We have over 2,90,000 Facebook fans and have built a proprietary database of around 19,000 customers,” says Agarwal, adding, “In the next two months, we aim to cross around 50 orders a day with an average ticket size of R2,000-R2,500.”
Green Carpet is a similar venture that offers gardening solutions comprising garden furniture and accessories, among
others. Its founder, Myna Batavia, started Green Carpet to nurture her hobby of gardening, which has today become
a full-fledged business with a pan-India presence.
“A hobby provides the necessary expertise and experience in the chosen area. Thus, having a green thumb with a knowledge of plants was a huge advantage when I started my company in May 2002,” says Batavia. She scaled up the startup’s operations to the nationwide market within three years of its launch.
“Currently, I operate through a network of my own dealers, architects, landscape consultants and builders. I also have a healthy list of corporate clientele whom I cater to on a regular basis,” adds the Bangalore-based Batavia, who calls herself the chief consulting director of Green Carpet.
While Batavia of Green Carpet aims to penetrate tier-II and tier-III cities now, Agarwal of Artisangilt.com wants to ramp up her product portfolio to over 75,000 in the next three months and over 1,50,000 in the next six months, from the current 40,000-plus.
“We have recently launched a new user interface for our desktop website to enhance user experience. We now plan to launch a mobile website, as more than 25% of our customers currently visit our website through mobile devices,” adds Agarwal.
TAGS: Fashion Technology
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

Great vacation Don t brag to your friendsMore records as Cristiano Ronaldo's 23rd treble cheers Real Madrid
Your friends don’t want to hear about your excellent adventures. While you may have gotten pleasure from an epic event — sipping a rare wine in Burgundy, watching a Himalayan sunrise — that pleasure is all your own.
A recent study in Psychological Science says that despite the thrills people receive from an extraordinary experience, few anticipate its potential social cost: exclusion by friends who would really rather not hear about it.
Harvard researchers found that when people socialise, those who had the same experience, no matter how mundane, enjoyed chatting about it together. Those same people might well exclude the person who thought others couldn’t wait to hear all about his or her most unusual one.
“It’s a timely question, given how much people are sharing and bragging about their experiences through social media,” said Cassie Mogilner, an assistant professor of marketing at the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, who looks at the happiness that people derive from ordinary and extraordinary events. “This suggests that people may be rolling their eyes at all those posts about amazing vacations.”
Before beginning the study, the researchers asked 76 participants to rate the quality of short movies. From that data, the researchers picked a high-rated film — one that left viewers feeling great — to serve as the proxy for an extraordinary experience. They picked a low-rated film, one that left viewers feeling “not very good,” as an ordinary experience.
To measure the social consequence of an extraordinary experience, the researchers then asked 68 new subjects to watch one of the movies. The researchers held 17 sessions, with four participants each. One person was shown the superior, four-star video, the “extraordinary” experience.
The other three, each watching alone, saw the lackluster, two-star video, an “ordinary” experience. The group convened afterward to chat.
As it turned out, the people who had seen the best film didn’t enjoy the postfilm socializing. “Our subjects thought they would be the star of the interaction, and they were surprised they were left out of it,” said a co-author, Daniel T Gilbert, a Harvard social psychologist who writes about happiness.
“They didn’t understand why everyone else wanted to commiserate” about the bad movie “rather than hear about their great one.”
In questionnaires filled out later, the participants who had watched the superior video felt considerably worse than those who had seen the ordinary one. In follow-up studies, people incorrectly predicted that seeing the better video would improve their social interactions, not make them worse.
– Jan Hoffman
More from sports
Roger Federer shows his magic on India debut Thousands of lucky tennis fans experienced a lifetime moment today when they watched global icon Roger Federer...

Low vitamin D tied to asthma attacksCircumcision advised for teenage boys
Raising vitamin D levels may help control flare-ups in people with asthma. Israeli researchers studied 308,000 people whose vitamin D blood levels had been recorded.
They found no association of low vitamin D with an initial diagnosis of asthma. But inadequate levels were significantly associated with the number and severity of attacks in the 21,237 people in the group who had had asthma diagnosed. Even after controlling for sex, age, ethnicity, smoking and other factors, the researchers found that the lower the vitamin D level, the greater the incidence of recurrent asthma attacks.
Worsening of asthma was indicated by the number of prescriptions for asthma medicine filled and the number of physician visits. The researchers found that during the year before their first vitamin D test, 15 per cent of people with readings between 0 and 10 nanograms per milliliter had at least one flare-up.
But only 12 per cent of those with readings of 10 to 20 and 9 per cent of those with readings above 36, a level generally considered adequate, did. The study appeared in the journal Allergy. “I think that if a patient has had good treatment for asthma and is still not controlled, maybe he should be checked for his vitamin D levels before adding on more medications,” said lead author, Dr Ronit Confino-Cohen.”
More from health
Key protein may contribute to wound healing, tumour growth A key protein may allow for a new way to use the immune system to speed healing and counter inflammatory...

Explained: Buzz of expectation around worlds first dengue vaccine from SanofiDrugmaker Sanofi Pasteur has announced the world’s first dengue vaccine could come in the second half of 2015. This is potentially huge news for India, where a very large percentage of dengue infections occur. PRITHA CHATTERJEE explains.
What has Sanofi announced?
On November 3, the France-based drugmaker announced that its vaccines division had published in The New England Journal of Medicine the results of the Final Landmark Phase III Clinical Efficacy Study in Latin America of its dengue vaccine candidate. Overall efficacy against any symptomatic dengue disease was 60.8 per cent in children and adolescents between ages 9 and 16 who received three doses of the vaccine,
Sanofi said. According to the company’s release, analyses had shown a 95.5 per cent protection against severe dengue and an 80.3 per cent reduction in the risk of hospitalisation during the study.
Why is a dengue vaccine needed?
Dengue is a mosquito-borne disease caused by a virus, with four strains. The mortality associated with the virus is seen from a complication called Dengue Haemorrhagic Fever (DHF), characterised by a sharp drop in platelets. With no specific treatment available for this condition, the management of dengue has been largely preventive, through anti-mosquito activities, or symptomatic, where doctors treat patients for the symptoms. A vaccine, according to the WHO, “would, therefore, represent a major advance in the control of the disease”.
How close are we realistically?
Sanofi has said it would file for registration of its vaccine candidate and, “subject to regulatory approval, the world’s first dengue vaccine could be available in the second half of 2015”. According to the WHO, among the several clinical trials currently under way, Sanofi Pasteur’s tetravalent vaccine, which would provide protection against all four strains of the virus, is at the “most advanced clinical development stage”.
So why should we be cautious?
WHO said this month that it would be advised by its Strategic Group of Experts on “any recommended use of dengue vaccines”. The key issues would include  “parameters around programmatic sustainability including dose scheduling”. According to WHO, the latest trials have “raised the question on whether or not three doses of the vaccine are required to provide lasting protection in endemic sittings”, which would require “further investigation in post licensure studies”. And “any recommendations for use will only be issued following licensure of the vaccine by a functional National Regulatory Authority (NRA)”.
How will the vaccine work?
Sanofi Pasteur’s tetravalent vaccine has been made with live attenuates of each strain of virus in a restricted and controlled amount, which is expected to just trigger the body’s immune response system to a level where immunity is developed, but the strain does not actually cause the disease. When the body encounters the virus in the atmosphere, it is expected that the immunity which has been exposed to the virus in the controlled amount, will trigger the same protective response system.
How big a threat is dengue to India?
According to WHO, dengue threatens over 2.5 billion people worldwide, including an estimated 500,000 who are hospitalised every year from the disease. Between 2 and 3 of every 100 people who contract dengue end up dying from it. According to a large study published in 2013, in 2010, an estimated third of all dengue infections were in India, and the situation has worsened since. According to Health Ministry data, the number of dengue cases jumped 500 per cent from 12,561 in 2008 to 75,808 in 2013, while the number of deaths from the disease more than doubled from 80 in 2008 to 193 in 2013.
Western and southern India, Delhi and West Bengal are the dengue hotspots in India. In 2013, the most cases were reported from Kerala (7,938), followed by Orissa (7,132) and Karnataka (6,408). The most deaths, however, occurred in Maharashtra (48), followed by Kerala (29) and Punjab (25). Both the disease and deaths are, however, suspected to be under-reported, and some experts feel the incidence of dengue in India could be up to 300 times higher.
What is the situation this year?
Up to October 29 this year, 21,772 cases had been reported countrywide, with 48 deaths, according to the Health Ministry. Data compiled for Delhi until Monday showed 438 cases and 2 deaths in 2014 so far. Eleven were confirmed dead in Mumbai until Friday. At least nine resident doctors of J J Hospital, Mumbai’s largest state-run hospital, have contracted the disease in the last two months. The post-monsoon months from August to October see the largest number of dengue infections in the country.
TAGS: Dengue Dengue Vaccine Sanofi
More from health
Key protein may contribute to wound healing, tumour growth A key protein may allow for a new way to use the immune system to speed healing and counter inflammatory...

Iranian general is new hero in Isis battleIranian general is new hero in battle against Isis
Najmeh Bozorgmehr in Tehran
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/301d445a-6406-11e4-bac8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Profile: Nadda  a master strategist | Parrikar  the technocrat-turned politicianJagat Prakash Nadda, a master strategist gets his reward
PTI Nov 9, 2014, 02.57PM IST
Tags:
Amit Shah
(Nadda has emerged as a…)
NEW DELHI: A master-strategist and a trusted lieutenant of Prime Minister Narendra Modi as well as BJP President Amit Shah , Jagat Prakash Nadda's entry into the Government is a vindication of his efficiency and dependability who prefers to work behind the scenes.
A prominent student leader during his college days, mild-mannered Nadda, 53, known as a tough task master, was a strong contender for the post of BJP President but extended full support to Shah after losing out on the race earlier this year.
Nadda is seen as a member of the most powerful troika along with Modi and Shah. He is known to be part of all major decision making processes in the party and is likely to be the bridge between the party and the government.
He also enjoys support from the RSS and has good equations with all prominent leaders of the BJP.
Born on December 2, 1960 in Patna, Nadda has emerged as a very strong political figure from Himachal Pradesh in the last few years where he was an MLA before entering the Rajya Sabha.
Nadda was involved in student politics and became the active member of ABVP. He won the polls to become Secretary of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad in Patna University in 1977. He had served ABVP for nearly 13 years from 1977-1990 and held various key positions.
At the age of 31, Nadda had become National President of BJP Yuva Morcha in 1991. He has been BJP's National General Secretary since May 2010.
His involvement with BJP from that young age has made him realize the importance of training at the grass root level. He also takes personality development and time management workshops for the party workers.
Nadda was member of Himachal Legislative Assembly from 1993-98, 1998-2003 and 2007-2012.
He served as Health Minister in the state from 1998-2003 and from 2008-2010, Minister of Forest and Environment, Science and Technology.
In April 2012, he was elected to Rajya Sabha and has been member of various Parliamentary Committees.
Nadda was inspired by the JP Movement and joined students politics. His father was a Vice Chancellor in Patna University.
He spent his youth in Bihar before moving to Himachal Pradesh.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No dialogue with Pakistan if ceasefire violation continues: JaitleyJaitley talks tough on Pak's ceasefire violation
PTI  New Delhi, November 09, 2014
First Published: 13:19 IST(9/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:28 IST(9/11/2014)
In a stern warning to Pakistan, India said on Sunday cannot be a dialogue with Islamabad if ceasefire violations are repeated.
 
"...if repeated ceasefire violations take place then environment for dialogue itself suffers," defence minister Arun Jaitley, who also holds the finance portfolio, said at the India Global Forum meeting in Delhi.
 
"Yes, there should be a dialogue. We will welcome it but then the environment for dialogue has to be created by both countries. One of them cannot upset the environment and then say why dialogue is not taking place," Jaitley said.
 
The dialogue process was derailed after Pakistan envoy met Kashmiri separatists just a day before the foreign secretary level talks in August.
 
"When we further the discussions (after swearing-in invitation) it was through foreign secretary dialogue, this was responded to by an immediate invite to the separatists particularly keeping in mind elections in J-K at the doorsteps. Now this we found completely unacceptable..." he said.
 
Noting that there are issues in Kashmir, Jaitley said the Valley had been by and large peaceful. "We are expecting a peaceful elections in the valley notwithstanding efforts to disturb the environment."  
He also praised the armed forces for showing exemplary courage in rescue and relief operations during the recent floods in the state.
 
With regard to the border issue in the eastern region, Jaitley said India is keen for expediting the process to resolve the matter.
 
"As far as China is concerned, our economic relationship continues to grow, there are a lot of mutual investments in both countries and there are huge trade between two countries," he said.
 
"But then we have a pending issue of settlement of boundary itself and the commission appointed in 2003 for that purpose; we do hope it functions now expeditiously. We (will) continue to have a meaningful dialogue with them," he added.

Sunanda case: Police claim  fresh evidenceComments
The police this week revisited the suite at Leela Palace hotel in south Delhi where former Union minister Sashi Tharoor’s wife Sunanda Pushkar was mysteriously found dead on January 17 this year.
Suite number 345, which was kept sealed, had been opened for the first time since the initial police investigation. Police officers privy to the probe told HT that they found some fresh evidence — fluid marks on the bed and the carpet and broken glass.
A Central Forensic Sciences Laboratory (CFSL) team and members of the AIIMS medical board that had conducted Sunanda’s autopsy on Wednesday accompanied the police to the spot.
The investigation of the crime scene took place after the AIIMS medical board in its final opinion reiterated its earlier stand that Sunanda had died of poisoning.
“They found a broken glass from the crime scene besides collecting other evidence from there. The fresh evidence will be examined by the CFSL and its report will be submitted to the police at the earliest,” said a police officer. The police had earlier said there were traces of urine on Sunanda’s bed but had not disclosed anything about traces of fluid on the carpet. 
Investigators said that they now believe that Sunanda was ‘probably’ poisoned on the intervening night of January 16 and 17. Prem Nath, deputy commissioner of police (south district) and VKPS Yadav, SHO of the Sarojini Nagar police, accompanied Dr Sudhir Kumar Gupta, head of the department of forensic medicine and toxicology, AIIMS, and CFSL forensic experts to the crime scene.
The decision to “revisit and reinvestigate” the Sunanda Pushkar case came after the Rohini Forensic Sciences Laboratory (FSL) and AIIMS submitted their fresh (second) medical board opinion to the police.
The subsequent findings of the medical board had pointed to the presence of poison in her viscera. The reports said the residue of alprax tablets found in her was non-fatal, ruling out overdose of sleeping pills.
The medical board concluded that Sunanda’s vital organs like kidney, lungs and liver were functioning normally and that her death was caused by poisoning.
The board while submitting its fresh report had suggested that the police had been lax in collecting evidence and that the case should be transferred to the CBI.
Reacting to the medical board’s suggestions, Delhi Police commissioner BS Bassi had said the fresh reports submitted to them were “inconclusive”, “muddled” and “based on conjecture”.

SBI  HDFC Bank and Axis to charge more after 5 extra transactionsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

FM to amend land Act | Govt to lower stake in banksThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Time s ticking fast on Modi govt s feel good wave: ParekhThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Search continues for missing naval personnelSearch continues for missing naval personnel
Our Bureau
Tweet
Visakhapatnam, Nov 9:  
The Navy ships were continuing their search on Sunday for the four missing personnel, including an officer, who were lost at sea following the sinking of a Naval auxiliary ship on Thursday night off Visakhapatnam.
Under the influence of a well marked depression off the coast of Andhra Pradesh the sea turned rough and the visibility was poor on Sunday. "Big ships are involved in the search and in case the visibility worsens we might focus more on the search from air," a Navy spokesperson said.
The Navy has pressed into service nine ships and a few aircraft, including Boeing P8i, Dorniers, Seaking 42C and Chetak helicopters, are continuing the search through the day and night since Thursday night.
Indian Navy’s torpedo recovery vessel TRV-A72 sank 38 nautical km off Visakhapatnam on Thursday night. At the time of the incident there were 29 personnel on board. One sailor petty officer marine explosives James Jacob lost his life during the rescue operation and four personnel (one officer and three sailors) are still reported missing. The remaining 24 personnel have been safely brought ashore.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

From Army and shooting ranges  Rathore joins Modi GovtFrom Army and shooting ranges, Rathore joins Modi Govt
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
Having excelled in shooting ranges, ace marksman Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore has now hit the target in the political arena as well, getting a berth in the Narendra Modi Government today as a Minister of State in his maiden stint as an MP.
43-year-old Rathore, who rose to fame when he won a silver medal in the 2004 Olympics in Athens finishing second in the double trap shooting event, made a successful transition to politics, winning the Lok Sabha polls from Jaipur Rural constituency earlier this year.
He had decided to take a shot at politics last September when he joined BJP after taking voluntary retirement from the Army as a Colonel.
After entering politics, Rathore had contended, “I must not back out when the nation is faced with a different kind of threat.”
After passing out of the National Defence Academy, Rathore served the Army for 23 years.
Besides his Olympic silver medal, Rathore also won a gold medal and set a new games record of 192 targets out of 200 at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, which stands to this day.
He went on to successfully defend his Commonwealth Championship title by winning the yellow metal at the Melbourne Commonwealth Games in 2006. He won gold medals in two World Shooting Championships at Sydney in 2004 and Cairo in 2006.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Shiv Sena anger casts a shadow over swearing-inShiv Sena anger casts a shadow over swearing-in
SMITA GUPTA
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
The Shiv Sena’s unhappiness with the BJP cast a shadow over the first expansion of the Union Council of Ministers on Sunday.
If Union Minister of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Anant Geete, the Sena’s representative in the Union Cabinet, chose to stay away from the swearing-in ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhawan, his party colleague, Anil Desai, who was to be inducted as an MoS, flew back to Mumbai from Delhi Airport itself, after receiving a telephone call from party boss Uddhav Thackeray.
This comes against the backdrop of the continuing battle in Maharashtra over the portfolios that the Sena has been campaigning for in the BJP-led government recently sworn in there, as well as the swearing-in on Sunday of Sena leader and a former union environment minister Suresh Prabhu as a Cabinet Minister.
Prabhu is seen as the choice of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, not of Mr Thackeray – and this has annoyed the Sena. Indeed, there is speculation in Delhi that Prabhu will soon be joining the BJP – in any case, he is not yet a member of either House and will have to be found a Rajya Sabha seat.
Apart from Prabhu, the only other new Minister, who belongs to an allied party and was sworn in on Sunday is the Telugu Desam Party’s Yalamanchili Satyanarayana Chowdary, the industrialist-turned-politician. He is known to be close to Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu and is one of the party’s chief fund raisers.
The induction of Prabhu and Chowdary swells the representation of the BJP’s allied parties to seven in the Union Cabinet, if Geete continues to remain in government.
After Sunday’s expansion, there are five non-BJP Cabinet Ministers, including Geete, Prabhu, Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution Minister Ram Vilas Paswan (LJP), Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju (TDP) and Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Badal (Shiromani Akali Dal). Of the MoSs, apart from Mr. Chowdary – there is Upendra Kushwaha of the Rashtriya Lok Samata Party.
Meanwhile, it is learnt that Thackeray has called a meeting of his party MLAs and leaders in Mumbai to discuss the latest developments and is likely to make an announcement on Sunday evening.
Sunday’s drama was not unexpected. The BJP, which won an overwhelming mandate in the general elections earlier this year is clearly working towards a situation where it can dispense with allies.
Ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly elections, the BJP broke a 25-year-old partnership with the Sena and emerged as the single largest party in the State; in Haryana, it broke with partner Haryana Janhit Congress and won a majority on its own. In Punjab, the indications are that it will contest the next State elections on its own, dispensing with the SAD, with which it runs the State right now.
(This story was first published in The Hindu online edition)
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Giriraj Singh gets berth in Modis ministryGiriraj Singh gets berth in Modi’s ministry
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
Giriraj Singh, who is known for his fiery and at times controversial statements, has found a berth in the Narendra Modi’s ministry as a representative of Bhumihars, who backed the party in Bihar and felt let down due to lack of representation in the Council of Ministers.
The 62-year-old BJP MP from Nawada had caused some embarassment to the party during the Lok Sabha poll campaign when he suggested that Muslims unhappy with Modi should go to Pakistan, forcing the party’s prime ministerial candidate to issue a rebuke.
But Singh, a first time MP, is also one of the early Modi loyalists in the party and often took on the then Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar over his antipathy towards Modi despite being a member of Kumar’s cabinet.
It is believed that despite his proclivity to make unwarranted statements, he enjoys the Prime Minister’s affection due to his unqualified support for Modi when the party was still divided over whether to elevate him as its prime ministerial candidate or not.
When reports were rife that Singh was unhappy over his candidature from Nawada instead of Begusarai, which was considered a safer seat for BJP, Modi held a rally in the constituency and embraced him at the dais, while telling the crowd that he was his man to serve Nawada.
The first-time MP, and earlier a Legislative Council member in Bihar, has special interest in agricultural practices and animal husbandry.
With the elevation of Singh, BJP hopes to rally influential Bhumihars around it as Bihar goes to Assembly polls next year. Though Union minister Manoj Sinha is also a Bhumihar, he is from UP and has little influence in Bihar.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Jayant Sinha  an investment strategist and Harvard-IIT alumni (Profile)Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

India pitches for removing hurdles to movement of services within G-20India pitches for removing hurdles to movement of services within G-20
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
Ahead of the G-20 Summit, India today pitched for removal of impediments to movement of services within the group of 20 most advanced and fast developing member nations.
Suresh Prabhu, Prime Minister’s sherpa for G-20 Summit, just hours before being sworn in as a Cabinet Minister, emphasised the need for increasing spending in infrastructure and expansion of services for the economies in the group to grow by an additional 2 per cent over next five years.
Speaking at India Global Forum here, he said this two per cent growth cannot come from goods alone and services need to grow as well.
“Along with goods and services, agriculture should also grow...if you want 2 per cent growth rate, then all the members of the G20 must also commit to increasing the share and remove the impediments to movement of services,” he said.
India has been saying that restrictions on free movement of labour can stifle a sector that can contribute to global growth in the years ahead.
The G-20 Summit is scheduled for November 15-16 in Brisbane, Australia.
This year, the G20 has resolved to lift collective GDP by more than 2 per cent above the trajectory over the coming five years.
Stating that it would be difficult to achieve additional GDP growth, Prabhu said: “Recent survey by the IMF said that even 2 per cent will be challenging ... because some parts of the world were not seeing growth as it should have been.”
He, however, added that a few countries, including India, will contribute to this 2 per cent target and there is also a possibility of these countries surpassing the target.
Highlighting the importance of the infrastructure sector, Prabhu said: “it should be a top priority for the world community to find out how we can invest more and more resources into infra.”
Obviously, India will be the biggest beneficiary because India is going to be the single largest market for infrastructure over the time.
“If India grows at that rate (7 per cent)... and if you decide to put only 10 per cent of the total GDP in infrastructure, the amount of money that would be needed in India’s infrastructure would be far in excess to several other countries put together,” he said.
Investments in infrastructure should not only benefit deficit nations but countries that make investment should also be benefit.
The other issue, he said, which G20 should be discussing and is going to discuss is energy, another big challenge which the world is going to face.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Mahesh Sharma gets ministerial berthMahesh Sharma gets ministerial berth
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
From being a medical practitioner to winning the Lok Sabha elections this year from Gautam Budh Nagar in UP, it has been a long journey for Mahesh Sharma who took oath today as Minister of State (Independent Charge) in the Narendra Modi Government.
55-year-old Sharma had snatched the Gautam Budh Nagar Lok Sabha seat from the Samajwadi Party this year.
A doctor by profession, he holds an MBBS degree and is also the Chairman and Managing Director of Kailash Healthcare Ltd which is situated in Noida.
From September 1 this year, he is also a member of Parliament’s Standing Committee on Health and Family Welfare.
A staunch follower of Rastriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) since childhood, he was actively associated with ABVP during his student days and thereafter joined BJP as an active member.
He participated and managed previous eight elections of Lok Sabha and State Assembly at Gautam Budh Nagar and was elected as an MLA from Noida Assembly seat in Uttar Pradesh in March 2012.
A doctorate from Amity University, Sharma got Business Sphere Award for 2009-2010 for Best Super Speciality Hospital for the Masses apart from bagging numerous national and international awards in different fields.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Chowdarys proximity to Naidu earns him a rewardChowdary’s proximity to Naidu earns him a reward
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
Industrialist-turned-politician Yalamanchili Satyanarayana alias ‘Sujana’ Chowdary’s proximity to Chandrababu Naidu during the TDP chief’s stint as Chief Minister of undivided Andhra Pradesh in the mid-1990s has earned him a berth in the Union Council of Ministers.
One of the main fund-raisers of TDP, 53-year-old Chowdary rose in the party’s hierarchy and in recognition of his contribution to the party, Naidu offered him a Rajya Sabha seat in 2010.
Chowdary, who hails from Krishna district in coastal Andhra and belongs to the Kamma community, earned a masters’ degree in engineering, and soon after he established his own engineering business, making fans.
Continuing the success he gained in his first business, he established Sujana Group of Companies, ventured and expanded into different areas of engineering and services.
A successful entrepreneur, Chowdary’s group grew with over 6,000 employees.
According to Chowdary, he decided to join forces with TDP “to strengthen” its activities and help the downtrodden people get “a fair and due share of the fruits of democracy’’.
Born on June 2, 1961, Chowdary is a collector of antique cars and also an avid photographer.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Live Cricket Score  India vs Sri Lanka  3rd ODI: Lanka struggle to 242Print
Delhi Dashers: Shikhar Dhawan and Virat Kohli were the star performers with the bat for India (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: November 9, 2014 10:42 am | Updated: November 9, 2014 9:48 pm
Clinical India notched up another resounding win to humble a hapless Sri Lankan side by six wickets and clinch the five-match series in the third One-Day International.
SCORECARD: India vs Sri Lanka
If the bowlers, led by Umesh Yadav (4-53) and Axar Patel (3-40), set up the win by restricting the visitors to 242 all out on a good batting track, then the Shikhar Dhawan (91 off 79 balls) inspired batting line-up did its job to make the opponents look ordinary yet again.
By virtue of this win India took an unassailable 3-0 lead in the five-match series. The next ODI between the two sides will be played at Kolkata on Thursday.
Earlier in overcast conditions, Mahela Jayawardene struck a fluent century to wage a lone battle as the Islanders managed a respectable score of 242 all out in 48.2 overs after being reduced to seven for two and 158 for seven.
In reply, India capitalised on a 62-run opening stand between Ajinkya Rahane (31) and Dhawan and skipper Virat Kohli’s sublime 53 to canter to their target in 44.1 overs at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium at Uppal.
Rahane was finally scalped by Thisara Perera in the 12th over after the opener tried to fiddle with a rising delivery, giving away a simple catch at first slip.
Dhawan carried on the good work alongwith with last match centurion Ambati Rayudu (35) as the duo stitched another 69-run partnership to put the hosts in a comfortable position.
The left-handed Dhawan reached his 2000-run mark in ODIs at the start of the 23rd over and soon hit a six to register his 11th fifty.
Rayudu though lost his wicket post a silly-looking mix up when the former Hyderabad player was left stranded at the non-strikers end as an Angelo Mathews and Kumar Sangakkara combination did the rest.
But Dhawan (283 runs in 3 innings) continued to be the top-scorer in the series so far as the left-hander enthralled the crowd with eight fours and a six to make India’s win look like a stroll in the park.
Skipper Kohli (53 runs – 32nd ODI fifty) also joined the party to ably guide the Men in Blue in Mahendra Singh Dhoni’s absence.
The Delhi dasher, who became the fastest player to register 6000 runs in 144 ODIs, played to the galleries after displaying a few wristy flicks that brought memories of VVS Laxman back in the minds of one and all.
India took the batting powerplay come the 33rd over as Dhawan-Kohli combination managed a 70-run stand to help hasten the proceedings.
Dhawan was finally caught behind off Nuwan Kulasekara in what seemd like an umpiring misjudgment as from the replays one could only see the ball brushing the helmet en route to the wicketkeeper.
Kohli also departed while trying to heave a six but was caught at long-on off Tillakaratne Dilshan.
Wicketkeeper-batsman Wriddhiman Saha (6) hit the winning runs with a boundary as Suresh Raina (18) was at the non-strikers end.
Earlier, pace spearhead Umesh Yadav drew the first blood after getting continued…

Cabinet Expansion: Parrikar  Rudy  Prabhu inducted | HighlightsArun Jaitley
(Four ministers were sworn-in…)
NEW DELHI: Former Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar and three others were today inducted into the Union Cabinet as Prime Minister Narendra Modi expanded his Council of Ministers, bringing in 21 new ministers as Shiv Sena kept away from the exercise.
Suresh Prabhu, a former Shiv Sainik and Power minister in Vajpayee government, senior BJP leader J P Nadda and Jat leader from Haryana Birender Singh, who joined BJP ahead of Assembly elections, were the other Cabinet ministers to take oath of office and secrecy at a function in the Rashtrapati Bhawan.
Unresolved issues between Sena and BJP in Maharashtra stopped Sena MP Anil Desai from taking oath as he reportedly returned to Mumbai from the airport after arriving here today morning.
Bandaru Dattatreya and Rajiv Pratap Rudy, who were ministers in the Vajpayee government, and Mahesh Sharma, newly-elected MP from Gautam Buddh Nagar bordering Delhi, were sworn-in as Ministers of State with Independent Charge.
14 other Ministers of State were sworn-in. They are Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, Ram Kripal Yadav, Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary, Sanwar Lal Jat and Mohanbhai Kalyanjibhai Kundariya Giriraj Singh, Hansraj Ahir, Ram Shankar Katheria, Jayant Sinha, Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore, Babul Supriyo, Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti and Vijay Sampla (all BJP) and Y S Chowdary, a Rajya Sabha member from TDP.
This is the first revamping exercise of his ministry undertaken by Prime Minister Narendra Modi since he assumed power in May. Parrikar is all set to be given Defence portfolio, which was held as additional charge by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley .
The strength of the Union Council of Ministers goes up from 45 to 66. Of this, 27 including the Prime Minister are of Cabinet rank, 13 Ministers of State with Independent Charge and 26 Ministers of State.
The swearing-in ceremony was attended among others by Vice President Hamid Ansari, Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairperson P J Kurien, Modi and his Cabinet colleagues, BJP patriarch L K Advani and the Chief Ministers of BJP-ruled states Vasundhara Raje, Raman Singh, Manohar Lal Khattar and Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister Chandrababu Naidu of TDP. None from Congress was present in the ceremony.
Ahead of the swearing-in, the new ministers had a breakfast meeting with Modi at his Race Course residence.
An IIT graduate, 58-year-old Parrikar shares an excellent rapport with Modi and has a reputation for probity and administrative skills.
Prabhu also earned his reputation as a skillful operator and reformer as Power minister in Vajpayee government but was suddenly pulled out of the ministry by Shiv Sena. Ever since has has not been seen as an active Sainik.
Dattatreya's inclusion gives representation to the new Telangana state in the Union ministry while Rudy makes a comeback into the government. First-time MP Mahesh Sharma seems to be a surprise choice as a Minister of State with Independent Charge given the fact that Naqvi, a former minister, has been given just a Minister of State berth.
All the other Ministers of State are newcomers and first-time MPs except Yadav, who had been a Member of Parliament either of the Lok Sabha or Rajya Sabha having come from RJD in Bihar.
Here is the list of new ministers in Modi government:
Cabinet Ministers
2. Suresh Prabhu (Maharashtra, Shiv Sena)
3. J.P. Nadda (Himachal Pradesh, BJP)
4. Birender Singh (Haryana, BJP)
Minister of State (Independent Charge)
1. Bandaru Dattatreya (Telangana, BJP)
2. Rajiv Pratap Rudy (Bihar, BJP)
3. Mahesh Sharma (Uttar Pradesh, BJP)
Minister of State
1. Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi (Uttar Pradesh, BJP)
2. Ram Kripal Yadav (Bihar, BJP)
3. Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary (Gujarat, BJP)
4. Sanwar Lal Jat (Rajasthan, BJP)
5. Mohanbhai Kalyanjibhai Kundariya (Gujarat, BJP)
6. Giriraj Singh (Bihar, BJP)
7. Hansraj Gangaram Ahir (Maharashtra, BJP)
8. Ram Shankar Katheria (Uttar Pradesh, BJP)
9. Y.S. Chowdary (Andhra Pradesh, TDP)
10. Jayant Sinha (Jharkhand, BJP)
11. Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore (Rajasthan, BJP)
12. Babul Supriyo (West Bengal, BJP)
13. Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti (Uttar Pradesh, BJP)
14. Vijay Sampla (Punjab, BJP)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Masala and a messageUpdated: November 9, 2014 17:01 IST
Masala and a message
Tweet
Special Arrangement Pan Parag ad featuring Bollywood stars Shami Kapoor and Ashok Kumar.
Special Arrangement At a time when 24/7 television was still a dream in India, “Aur mere liye” — from a Pan Parag ad featuring actor Jalal Agha — caught on quite fast among the then wide-eyed Doordarshan viewers.
Special Arrangement At a time when 24/7 television was still a dream in India, “Aur mere liye” — from a Pan Parag ad featuring actor Shami Kapoor — caught on quite fast among the then wide-eyed Doordarshan viewers.
TOPICS
advertising
The Pan Parag ad featuring Ashok Kumar and Shammi Kapoor in the early days of television in India still has a high recall value — less for the one time the two Bollywood giants shared screen space, more for its anti-dowry message
“Aur mere liye?”
Those growing up in the late ’80s and early ’90s would certainly identify with this particular expression of genial demand. At a time when 24/7 television was still a dream in India, “Aur mere liye” — from a Pan Parag ad featuring actor Jalal Agha — caught on quite fast among the then wide-eyed Doordarshan viewers. One can certainly recall a time when while giving anything to anyone — young or old, there was the high chance of someone piping up — with palms forward, eyes eager — “Aur mere liye?” Also, “Ek se mera kya hoga?” The banter would continue, with the appropriate reciprocation expected of you, “Toh aap do lijiye.” A knowing laugh would ensue.
Wrapped in that laugh definitely was the recall of the product Agha promoted on the small screen back in 1982. The mouth freshener Pan Parag in sachets.
No wonder when Agha passed away at a rather young age in 1995, along with the Helen starrer Sholay hit “Mehbooba mehbooba” where he hammered on the drums with abandon, the Pan Parag TV ad with the catchy jingle “Pan Parag pan masala” was also a point of recall for the general public. So was his print ad for the brand with yet another top-rated yesteryear Bollywood vamp, Kalpana Iyer. With those one-liners — “The taste of the good times”; “A certain taste, a certain style.”
However, the master Pan Parag commercial which would surely find itself among the classics that played on the telly in its formative days was the one that featured Ashok Kumar and Shammi Kapoor, each holding a tin of the blue and yellow Pan Parag. Interestingly, the two giants of Hindi cinema came together for the first and the last time through that ad. Kapoor once said in an interview that it fulfilled his dream of working together with Ashok Kumar. But that bit of detail fades in contrast to what the message the commercial — which otherwise tried selling a product not for the health conscious — gave out to its customers.
Two things. One, the pan-Indian idea of ‘baraatiyo ki swagat’ — as much feared by the “ladki wale” as it is considered a right by the “ladka walas” in a patriarchal society. The other, a related matter — rejection of dowry, a burning social issue in the early ’80s when there were as many as five deaths reported in the National Capital itself per day, even though we had an anti-dowry Act in place.
Those mounting deaths led to a lot of hue and cry, leading the Government in the mid-’80s to insert new sections into the Dowry Prohibition Act, 1961. Veteran women’s rights activist and former chairperson of the National Commission for Women, Mohini Giri, recalls the times: “Dowry harassment and death were on top of the agenda of women activists then. There were women like Subhadra Butalia, Justice Sunanda Bhandare, who fought tooth and nail against dowry. For the first time, there was a demand for shelter homes for women because many women were turned out of their homes in dowry-related incidents and they had nowhere to go.” Giri terms the ’80s as “the brightest years of women’s movement in India.”
The commercial certainly touched a hot social subject then. Fabulous actor that he was, Ashok Kumar played out splendidly the role of an anxious father of an Indian bride, always on the edge when it comes to meeting demands from the groom’s family. That nervous half-laugh of relief towards the end when Shammi Kapoor insisted on welcoming his son’s marriage party with just Pan Parag, weaved into it a vital social truth of the times. Hence, the instant viewer connection. And a high recall value.
Dharmendra Chaturvedi, head of the media cell of the Kanpur-based Kothari Chemicals which makes Pan Parag, also remembers the ad but fails to put together his thoughts on the impact it caused nearly three decades ago. He would rather have his CMD Deepak Kothari talk about it, “But he is out of the country. Call later,” says Chaturvedi.
For Pan Parag, the times seem to have moved. Its ads now concentrate on young India. The line now is, “The choice of Young India.” Focus is also on instilling a habit for the product in its users, “Subah ke 10 baj gaye Pan Parag khaya kya?” is also a catchline. Elaborates Menaka Rakhiyani of Harmony Multimedia in Surat, the agency which deals with the present Pan Parag ads, “The focus has not shifted from social issues and social integration. Besides the anti-dowry ad, there is also one on Samjhauta Express. One ad focusses on national integration where India is highlighted as the youngest nation in the world.” The latest line, ‘Doom Macha De, Rang Jama De’ is one of the 10 best punchlines, she says. “It has been continued since then because it connects with India.”
Along with its newer ads, the Ashok Kumar-Shammi Kapoor commercial does peep through the small screen at us some times. Menaka says, “Because of the popularity of the Jalal Agha ad, we recreated it with Aman Verma, which was equally appreciated. We are rerunning the Ashok-Kumar Shammi Kapoor ad in different mediums now to create a sense of nostalgia for people.”
The quality of that ad now certainly looks dated. But the message still holds true even in 21st Century India. According to the latest National Crime Records Bureau, there is one dowry death every four hours in the country.

Industry chambers welcome cabinet expansion  express hope of faster decision makingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

NDP-1 achieves 62% of Rs 2 241 cr targeted allocationNDP-1 achieves 62% of Rs 2,241 cr targeted allocation
Rutam Vora
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Nov 9:  
The National Dairy Plan (NDP) of the Central Government has achieved about 62 per cent of its desired target of funding projects that would increase the productivity of milch animals and milk production in the country, a top official of the National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) said here.
The first phase NDP-1 (2011-12 to 2016-17) with an overall estimated project outlay of Rs 2,241 crore is progressing as planned, he said.
About Rs 1,256-crore worth of projects have been sanctioned so far covering 16 states, including Telangana and Uttarakhand, which were earlier not included in the plan.
“We are on track, though there was some delay due to general elections earlier this year. About 225 projects worth Rs 1,256 crore have been sanctioned under NDP-1. Over a quarter of this has gone to Gujarat as about Rs 328 crore has been sanctioned for 33 projects,” T Nanda Kumar, Chairman, NDDB, said on the sidelines of the Golden Jubilee Year Celebrations here.
Union Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh kicked off the year-long celebrations on Saturday.
NDP-1 aims to fund projects mainly in four verticals – breed improvement, ration balancing, village-based milk procurement systems and project management learning.
Out of the total financial outlay of Rs 2,241 crore for the Central scheme NDP-1, Rs 1,584 crore is met through credit from International Development Association (IDA), and Government of India’s share is Rs 176 crore.
The End Implementing Agencies (EIAs) that will carry out the projects will bear Rs 282 crore for the scheme. NDDB and its subsidiaries will bear Rs 200 crore for providing technical and implementation support to the projects.
NDDB chief Nanda Kumar further informed that in order to produce good quality milk and bring uniform quality standards for milk producrs at different federations, NDDB plans to rope in the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI).
“We have convened a meeting of heads of all milk federations with the FSSAI Chairman on 17th of this month. The meeting is aimed at finding a solution for quality issues in milk and set certain quality standards for milk production,” Nanda Kumar said.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Indian victims of Bhopal angry at verdictShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Jun 7: Indian victims of Bhopal angry at verdict
Jun 8, 2010 : More than 25 years on from one of world's worst industrial disasters, a court in India has finally delivered prison sentences to those responsible. But victims of the 1984 Bhopal Gas disaster are outraged at the verdict.
Credits: Reuters

Lunch with the FT  Raghuram RajanFresh fruit and ice cream
Total: Free
The switch to economics came only in his mid-twenties, with a doctoral thesis entitled “Essays on Banking” at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, followed in 1991 by a post at the Booth School of Business at the University of Chicago, where his early academic work focused relatively narrowly on finance. So how, I ask, does his experience of the realities of power at the RBI differ from his earlier textbook assumptions?
“In every organisation there is turf, and turf is defended very, very strongly, whether it’s in the IMF or the government of India,” he says. To make progress, he learnt to win allies: “They have to get some of the glory . . .  If they think you’re a prima donna, then they will resist.” This collegiate approach might sound trite but it also rings true, given Rajan’s unfailingly affable persona.
Indeed, it is hard to find anyone willing to utter a word against him – an unbroken reputation for niceness that stretches back to his university days, and through the often bitchy worlds of academia and government, and which so far seems to have helped him to avoid any clashes with his political masters in New Delhi.
Glancing up at the portraits, Rajan says he has been happy to learn the arts of compromise. “If you look at the long history of these 22 guys behind me, just one resigned because he didn’t agree with the policies of the government,” he says. On the topic of Narendra Modi, however, he politely demurs, saying only that he met India’s new prime minister for the first time following the latter’s election triumph. Earlier in our conversation, however, he had described that victory as the “single biggest positive development for the economy”, even if the new government has since started slowly. “I understand there is some disappointment amongst investors about the pace of change, but their expectations were unrealistic,” he says. “You’re not going to change the face of the economy overnight.”
Outside the skies have blackened further, and rain lashes the windows as I ask Rajan if he has enjoyed his main course. The waiters are hovering, making it another question to be answered diplomatically, and the governor warmly compliments the cutlets. I change topics, to India’s economic future. Before his return home, he gave a number of speeches attacking the country’s corruption problems and warning of the risks of Russian-style “oligarchy”. Does this still worry him?
Many businesses treat public sector banks as their equity kitty . . . I want to change that
He pauses, as if weighing the risks of such a controversial topic, before ploughing ahead, referring to recent scandals in areas such as telecoms and mining rights. A puzzling question links them, he says: “Why do we tolerate the venal politician?” Inspired by Richard Hofstadter, a historian who studied America’s own era of robber-baron capitalism, Rajan says the answer lies in India’s threadbare public services. Because the state is weak, voters demand that local politicians help them secure jobs or gain government benefits. For this, the politicians need funding, which they get by soliciting bribes. “So it’s sort of an unholy nexus, so to speak. Poor public services, politician fills the gap. Politician gets the resources from the businessman, politician gets re-elected by the electorate for whom he’s filling the gap. And electorate turns a blind eye to the deals done with the businessman.” A related problem comes when industrialists win favours in return, for instance via cheap loans. “Many business groups treat public sector banks as their equity kitty,” he explains, meaning that lenders are lenient when times are bad, but businesses take the benefits when matters improve. “So it’s heads I win, tails you lose. And I want to change that.”
. . .
Rajan’s evident distaste for India’s more delinquent tycoons stems partly from his position both as an outsider and an economist with a belief in healthy competition. Yet I sense the disapproval runs deeper still; as if his nice-guy persona is morally affronted by those skimming off the top. Either way, these are problems he plans to tackle, he says, by reforming India’s banking sector and cracking down on excessively indebted businesses.
The waiters return to clear our plates, providing a small silver bowl filled with water to wash our fingers, and then desert – a fruit platter served with soft vanilla ice-cream, both of which Rajan declines. I move on to an obvious question: as the man credited with spotting the last global crisis, what of the next? He replies modestly. “The beauty of having been right once, or partially right once, in hindsight, is that now everybody expects you to be a prophet. But the truth is, nobody really knows where the next one will come.”
For all that, he seems anxious. “Central bankers have had enormous responsibilities thrust on them to compensate, essentially, for the failings of the political system. And my worry is we don’t have sufficient tools to do that, but we’re not willing to say it. And, as a result, we push as hard as we can on the existing tools, and they may create more risk in the system.” An early critic of quantitative easing, Rajan picked a very public fight this January, accusing the US Fed of reining in QE without considering the effect on emerging economies, not least the period of capital flight and investor panic in India, prior to his arrival at the RBI.
“Six years since the financial crisis, central banks still have their foot fully on the accelerator . . . [pushing] credit into emerging markets,” he says. “We don’t know how this will end . . .  It may end smoothly, if we let the air out of these inflated markets slowly, or by a series of mini-crises. But it may be more dramatic if, one fine day, suddenly the world realises the US is going to raise interest rates quite quickly . . . then the air will go out much faster.”
Even worse, he says, is a broader pattern of globalisation beset by repeated crises, as developed and developing worlds fail to co-ordinate, sending capital washing back and forth between them, violently destabilising their financial systems.
“Leverage moved to the emerging markets, emerging markets spent too much, crisis, then leverage moved to the industrial countries, and now it is moving back to emerging markets,” he says. This time, however, the blame lies with richer countries that have failed to reform their economies, and the inability of institutions such as the G20 to formulate a resp­onse. “I’m worried that it’s everyone . . . doing what they can do, given we have a vacuum in the multilateral space,” he says. “The vacuum is harmful.”
Our time is running short, so I polish off my dessert and ask one final question, about his own plans. The array of portraits nearby include a picture of former prime minister Manmohan Singh, a one-time RBI governor who rose to the top of Indian politics. Many of Rajan’s admirers hope he might take the same path. But if higher office does interest him, he doesn’t let on.
“My intent has been, and is, to go back to academia,” he says, sketching out a future research agenda on the interplay of markets and democracy, with a particular focus on India itself. The question of what type of country India will become interests him in particular, especially given its socialist heritage and often-ambivalent relationship to the free market. “In India, we say one thing, and we do something else,” he says as we finish our coffee, and place our napkins to one side. “So what are we trying to do as a country? Figuring that out, I think, would also be fun.”
James Crabtree is the FT’s Mumbai correspondent
Illustration by Patrick Morgan

Obama picks low-profile Attorney-General© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aba75ca0-66d6-11e4-91ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

South Africa union split divides ruling allianceSouth Africa union split divides ruling alliance
Andrew England in Johannesburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/04bc08b2-6732-11e4-8970-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bubba Watson secures Shanghai title inplayoffBubba Watson emerged victorious after a wild finish in which five players were tied for the lead late in the final round (Source: Reuters)
By: Reuters | Shanghai | Posted: November 9, 2014 5:36 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 5:37 pm
American Bubba Watson notched his first victory outside the United States in fine style at the $8.5 million WGC-HSBC Champions tournament on Sunday.
Masters champion Watson added another big title to his resume when he sank a “once-in-a-lifetime” 30-yard bunker shot for eagle at the par-five 18th to earn a spot in a playoff and then drained a 20-foot birdie putt on the same hole minutes later to edge South African Tim Clark.
The importance of the win in front of a packed and boisterous gallery at Sheshan was clear by Watson’s ecstatic reaction after he pocketed $1.4 million and improved his playoff record to 4-1.
“I’ve always dreamed about winning at least once outside the U.S., to say that I can travel a little bit,” admitted a player who once seemed uncomfortable venturing to foreign shores but will climb to number three in the world rankings on Monday.
“My goal has always been to get 10 (career) wins. Now I’ve got seven.”
The 36-year-old emerged victorious after a wild finish in which five players were tied for the lead late in the final round — although Watson was not one of them after bogeying the 16th and double-bogeying the 17th.
However, he catapulted himself to the top of the leaderboard with his stunning bunker shot, before Clark calmly rolled in a five-footer for birdie as the pair tied at 11-under-par 277, one shot ahead of Northern Irishman Graeme McDowell, Japan’s Hiroshi Iwata and American Rickie Fowler.
DISPLAYING EMOTIONS
McDowell, who led for the first three days, and Iwata both had good birdie chances to join the playoff but their putts slid left of the hole.
Fowler and German Martin Kaymer also needed to birdie the last to join the playoff, but both found the water hazard — Fowler in front of the green and Kaymer behind it.
Fowler salvaged a par but Kaymer had a double-bogey to finish three shots behind.
Watson has always openly displayed his emotions — both positive and negative — and he was not about to hold back after his bunker shot at the 72nd hole.
“I was just standing there in awe but I didn’t know how to react so I just kind of screamed and lost my voice,” he said.
Watson was surprised to attract a large gallery on the other side of the Pacific: “Obviously a lot of people like to hit the ball far so I guess that helps that people wanted to watch me play and cheer for me and every once in a while go straight.
“They never know what they are going to get, so maybe they get excited about it.”

Naseeruddin Shah might write handbook for training youngactorsBy: Press Trust of India | Bengaluru | Posted: November 9, 2014 5:30 pm
Naseeruddin Shah, one of India’s finest actors, says he might write a handbook for training young actors.
The ‘Finding Fanny’ star, who was here to attend an event organised to celebrate the success of his book ‘And Then One Day – A Memoir’, said training given to amateur actors in India is wrong and harmful.
“I have been wanting to write a handbook for training of actors… I am not good at writing fiction. So, I probably stick to non-fiction. My book will be on how to train yourself as an actor.
“Because most of the training given to actors in India I think is quite wrong and some of it is very harmful. I have seen a lot of acting schools in Delhi and Mumbai, and the way they conduct their classes. I don’t agree with that way of training actors,” he said.
Asked if he is also planning to write the second part of his autobiography, the 64-year-old actor said, “I don’t think I will write the second part because the most interesting part of my life I had already written. I don’t think the remaining days are so interesting to write about.”
The veteran actor, who did not have an amicable relationship with his father, said his brothers had anxieties that the actor would launch a tirade against him, but their fears evaporated after reading it.
“Both my brothers had anxieties that my book might become very negative attack on my father, but they were very happy when they read the book and found that their fears were not right,” he said.
Apart from his brothers, his children read the book. His wife Ratna Pathak Shah found it very funny and entertaining.
“They liked it. All of them have read it. My wife had read it very late, and she found it very funny and entertaining,” he said.

Bandaru Dattatreya: Lone Telangana face in ModiCabinetBy: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: November 9, 2014 5:04 pm
A prominent leader of the saffron party in undivided Andhra Pradesh, Bandaru Dattatreya rose through the ranks from being a full-time RSS pracharak to become the lone representative of the new state of Telangana in the Union Cabinet.
A four-time MP from Secunderabad, Dattatreya earlier served as the Union Minister of State for Urban Development, Poverty Alleviation and Railways in the A B Vajpayee Cabinet during 1998-99 and 2000-04.
Dattatreya held Independent charge of the Urban Development Ministry from 2003 to 2004 and was member of Lok Sabh from 1991 to 1996, 1998-99 and 1999-2004.
However, he had lost the 2004 and 2009 Lok Sabha elections.
Born on June 12, 1947, Dattatreya joined RSS in 1965 and worked as a Pracharak in the Sangh fountainhead from 1968 to 1989.
A state joint secretary of Lok Sangharsh Samiti of the Jayaprakash Narayan movement, he was arrested under MISA during Emergency.
He went on to join the BJP in 1980 and held various positions in the party in undivided Andhra Pradesh, including state general secretary, vice president and state unit president.
He was also National Secretary of BJP, in-charge of Tamil Nadu, in 2004 and National Vice President in 2010.
A down-to-earth leader, Dattatreya has been associated with various grassroot organisations representing hawkers and auto drivers.
He also headed cultural organisations like Seva Bharati and Samskara Bharati and worked for slum development

Bowled over by the greenUpdated: November 9, 2014 17:56 IST
Bowled over by the green
TEAM METROPLUS
The Hindu Anna Nagar Tower Park. Photo: K. Pichumani
TOPICS
human interest
Perhaps it’s the smell of freshly cut grass. Or may be it is the rhythmic chirp of birds, the clean air or the vibrant shades of green. Whatever be the charm, these pleasing patches in the city have a way of luring us to step out. Even if Chennai is said to have the lowest number of parks (260) among all metros, our team finds that these green lungs of the city are sought after by its people
Haddows Park, Nungambakkam
If you’re speeding down Haddows Road, chances are you wouldn’t have noticed this verdant space on your left. Look closer and you will see groups of walkers and children playfully wrestling each other, to have a go on the swings and the slide. Further inside, a couple of people practise yoga on a platform while the elderly play a game of badminton.
Welcome to Haddows Park. Opened in 2005, the park is a paradise for walkers and joggers . On one side is a restaurant and the enticing smell of sambar wafts through the morning air. So a breakfast visit becomes mandatory after an exercise routine. . The residents of Nungambakkam also share a sense of camaraderie thanks to the park — a couple of locals who visit often have formed the Haddows Park Club and they celebrate festivals and holidays together.
***
Dr. Nageswara Rao Park, Mylapore
For anyone who’s grown up in Mylapore and its vicinity, this park is an integral part of childhood memories. Once a pond called Arathu Kuttai, it was made into a park and named in memory of Desodharaka Nageswara Rao Pantulu, the owner of Amruthanjan, and opened to the public in October 1949. Today, the park is more than just a green patch with a jogging track and a play area — it has developed into a cultural space too.
Head to it on Sunday mornings and, true to Mylapore’s flavour, you’d be treated to some soothing Carnatic music. The mike-less kutcheri, as it has been christened by Sundaram Finance that manages the park, is a big hit among residents of the area. The Soap Box Speaker’s Exnora and the Speaker’s Forum are other interesting events that take place here.
***
Anna Tower Park, Anna Nagar
At 6 a.m., while half of Anna Nagar is still tucked in bed, the other half is up and about, brisk-walking its way here. Yesteryear melodies stream through the airwaves, emanating from the tower that looms over the area’s landmark park. The early morning sun, filters in through the canopy of trees and shines down on people practising yoga, couples cooing, fathers teaching their children to play ball, young men playing badminton and older ones discussing current events.
The walkers, joggers and runners who populate the place can choose between different circuits within the park — around the pond where the lotuses grow, past the children hanging from the monkey bars or away from the idlers engrossed in people-watching — and whichever one you take, you’ll have ample folks for company.
***
May Day Park, Chintadripet
At 10 on a weekend morning at May Day Park , the goats are having a field day. The sun is harsh and the dust and debris from the Chennai Metro Rail, which appends one side of the park, coats the goats, the enthusiastic badminton players and lone beggars resting beneath trees. But the goats, in attendance here with full families in tow, couldn’t be happier with the lush foliage for free fodder.
May Day Park is today a shadow of its former self. Shrunk considerably from its original 14-acre-glory thanks to the Metro, the park still remembers its rechristening as May Day Park in 1990 with a plaque on the central crumbling rock sculpture. Its first avatar as Napier Park (after then Governor, Lord Napier), was founded in 1869 over lands once used as stables by carriage-makers Burghall. Possibly renamed for its proclivity to vast employers with active labour unions such as Simpson & Co, who continue to maintain the space, the park today is home to the city’s annual May Day celebrations.
***
Semmozhi Poonga, Cathedral Road
The verdant entrance to the Semmozhi Poonga on Cathedral Road is almost always dotted with couples. They shell out Rs.15 each to spend time together in the lush park with numerous benches. The 20-acre park, opened to the public in 2010 and managed by the Horticulture Department, is home to a variety of flora. However, the botanical garden is more than just a place for those with a green thumb. It’s not uncommon to see groups of carefully styled young men posing on the park benches, in front of the amphitheatre steps, leaning casually on trees and looking dreamily into the distance. A fair number of tourists also visit the place. But it’s the shooting crews that gather the most crowds — be it for a serial or a movie. The gardeners bring out several plants and flowering bushes to spruce up the space and hide the non-functioning fountains from the cameras’ view.

Exclusive: Lisa Haydon on Bigg BossLisa Haydon in 'Bigg Boss 8' house
The sizzling Lisa Haydon recently made an appearance on the reality show 'Bigg Boss'.
You might also like:
The Bollywood beauty was seen interacting with the contestants as a part of a task.
1 / 30

Aam Aadmi Party roots for Modi in website gaffePrint
NEW DELHI: AAM Aadmi Party found itself in the soup when a slogan in PM Modi’s favour — which appeared to have been coined by someone who’d forgotten he had become the premier— appeared on its official website. The slogan, which read ‘ Delhi speaks: Modi for PM, Arvind for CM’, was eventually taken down.
Never seen a party & it's leader as desperate as @AamAadmiParty & @ArvindKejriwal .. Look at his latest begging pic.twitter.com/WlvjqqkVIn
— Pawan Durani (@PawanDurani) November 7, 2014
The blooper comes at a time when AAP is preparing for the upcoming Delhi Assembly elections and is positioning itself as the only option against the BJP, which is ruling at the Centre and in several states.
However, the party maintained that the slogan was “probably uploaded by mistake”. Meanwhile, AAP has seen a sudden jump in donations this month, receiving over Rs 23 lakh in just seven days.
In fact, the party received around Rs 8 lakh on November 5 alone. The surge comes after a lull in donations received by the party over the past few months. Since the announcement of Delhi Assembly’s dissolution, however, the party’s coffers have been swelling.
Recommend

Modi to chair first meeting of revamped Cabinet tomorrowThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Ministers ready to take greater responsibilities in Modi s cabinetThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Final talks on with states on Goods and Services Tax: JaitleyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Arun Jaitley pledges land  tax reformsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Inflation  IIP data  cabinet reshuffle key for markets: ExpertsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Target-600----i do hold 10000 shares n will accumulate more...u can as...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Haldyn glass is the best pick for me at the moment. i am buying suven ...Platinum Member
514 Followers
Haldyn glass is the best pick for me at the moment. I am buying Suven, Chandra Prabhu, Patels air temp, bhageria, many others but Haldyn is my top recommendation. I will keep buying it until it crosses 27 through sip. You can consider it as the top pick from the boarder of the day if you wish.

Target-600---so visit kushalnagar near coorg n kannan devan hills...we...Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

And wait atleast 2 years from nowCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

When that craving hitsUpdated: November 8, 2014 18:21 IST
World Diabetes Day: November 14
When that craving hits
The Hindu Natural sugar substitutes are better than artificial sweeteners. Photo: special arrangement
TOPICS
health
Natural sugar substitues can help diabetics with the sweet tooth, says Priya Bharma.
Being a diabetic has got nothing to do with avoiding sweet treats. Simply avoiding sugary foods is not a big help in terms of curbing blood sugar, regardless of the type of artificial sweetener you choose. Artificial sweeteners contain carbohydrates that can elevate your blood sugar levels and should not be thought of as healthier than other sweeteners for people with diabetes. However, there are plenty of natural sugar substitutes, which can not only satisfy your sweet tooth but also limit the carbohydrate intake, especially if you’re counting calories.
Agave Nectar: is a natural alternative sweetener, which is 90 per cent fructose. This makes it sweeter than regular sugar, so less is needed. As a bonus, agave has a low glycemic index value that doesn’t spike your blood sugar like regular sugar.
Coconut Nectar: is low on the glycemic index, which makes it ideal for those suffering from diabetes. Besides, this new entrant to the world of natural alternative sweeteners has neutral pH, which helps retain the body’s alkaline state. Apart from all this, coconut nectar also contains 17 amino acids, minerals, vitamin C, and B.
Stevia: is a natural sweetener and sugar substitute extracted from the leaves of a plant species called Stevia rebaudiana. Almost 300 times sweeter than sugar, Stevia is entirely diabetic-friendly, minus any calories or carbohydrates.
Xylitol: is a naturally-occurring sugar alcohol extracted from foods such as beets, corn and berries. Xylitol is as sweet as sugar and has a lower glycemic index. Also, it is only partially absorbed by the body.
Blackstrap Molasses: are a special type extracted from triple-boiled sugar cane syrup. Very low on the glycemic index, it is safe for people with diabetes.
The writer is a Delhi-based senior dietician.

http://usat.ly/1oxrY5AFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Millennials' buying habits may save the mall
Millennials are forcing retailers to engage a new kind of customer, one more inclined to browse first, buy later.
Post to Facebook
Millennials' buying habits may save the mall Millennials are forcing retailers to engage a new kind of customer, one more inclined to browse first, buy later. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qvpwbu
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Millennials' buying habits may save the mall
Constance C. R. White, OZY 9:43 a.m. EST November 8, 2014
Millennials account for 21 to 26 percent of the population but 33 to 35 percent of retail spending — in a market worth as much as $250 billion — according to Christine Barton, a partner at the Boston Consulting Group.
(Photo: Michele Liberti)
30 CONNECT 55 TWEET 52 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
When Denise Mahoney, a 27-year-old New Yorker, goes shopping, she has her own approach, different from her parents. Instead of relying on what a big retailer suggests through advertising, she browses Pinterest, where she says she goes to see if there are any outfits she likes.
But curiously, Mahoney hasn't abandoned one old-school habit: going to stores. She still likes the browsing it offers, she tells OZY — she likes, in particular, the social experience.
There's more to equality than equal pay
Generation Ys like Mahoney are changing the shopping experience that all retailers once counted on: the idea that they could lure customers via frilly window dressings or persuasive advertisements. Instead, millennials — the group of young people now in their 20s and 30s — are forcing retailers to think hard about how to engage a new kind of customer, one more inclined to browse than buy, at least immediately. Young shoppers aren't looking for the same cues their parents once did. They do their own research via organic sources, social media platforms like Pinterest and Instagram. This, along with their sharing mindset, means retailers have less control over their potential buyers' browsing habits.
But an interesting part of those habits, it turns out, is still going to the store. Indeed, here's the rub: most of the wisdom today has been that millennials will mean the end of brick-and-mortar stores. This trend suggests the opposite, that millennials will herald in a new experience-driven mall or shopping experience.
Millennials are also skittish from the recession. Saddled with student loans, they have less disposable income than they did pre-recession. And, they're tech natives. "Their idea of material goods is not as important as experiences and relationships," said Jamie Gutfreund, chief strategy officer for The Intelligence Group, which has studied millennials and is a division of Creative Artists Agency. It's a trend that will impact how we shop and what stores will look like years from now. And, millennials account for 21 to 26 percent of the population but 33 to 35 percent of retail spending — in a market worth as much as $250 billion — according to Christine Barton, a partner at the Boston Consulting Group. They "punch above their weight in apparel," she says — making them massively important targets.
For them, the store of the future is a place where you go to relax and "chill" or as a substitute hangout spot for you and your friends, an alternative to socializing at home. It's called a dwell rather than a shop and "everyone's jumping on the bandwagon now," said Aria Hughes, an editor for the online trend forecaster WSGN. "It's less about commerce first and more about engaging your consumer." And while major brands are investing in the online experience, says BCG's Barton, they're also finding they have to make the in-store experience an "energetic and exciting" one.
And here's how it's going down: Urban Outfitters created a larger store in NYC with several accoutrements that keep shoppers engaged in a range of activities from getting a haircut, printing out an Instagram photo to enjoying coffee with friends, all within the walls of the store; a shopper could have a total UO experience without ever making a purchase. A store in Tallahassee has a coffee shop; one in Los Angeles has an expanded music section, the company told OZY.
"Millennials are a lot more concerned with brand ethos," Hughes explained. "Boomers are more interested in abundance." Theirs is the wham, bam, thank you ma'am of retail. Shopping done.
At the new Kate Spade Saturday stores, shoppers can linger and socialize. Kate Spade introduced the store — like a high-end, hip farmers market — in Japan last year and has expanded it into the U.S. From the start, Spade been a social brand, appealing to millennials' sharing pages online. A signature piece of merchandise is the Weekender — aimed at a younger, online-dwelling Kate Spade customer, the company confirmed to OZY — a customizable bag thatinvites shoppers to interact with the merchandise and personalize it in much the same way athletic brands started offering some customization of sneakers years ago. (The bag is available online or in the store.)
And how about Nordstrom, which has begun pinning footwear in its shoes department with pins that indicate the shoe's popularity on Pinterest? That's not all: Nordstrom's also got a rotating themed pop-up shop in eight stores across the U.S., and a partnership with Like2Buy, which makes its Instagram account shoppable, says Nordstrom spokesperson Taylor Droddy.
Retailers want to create opportunities for shoppers to be social off-line as well as online. "A lot of millennials are looking for something to share," said Hughes, noting young girls who show off their Forever 21 purchases online both as gratification and socialization. "So retailers are trying to figure out ways to foster transactions on social channels."
Free People, the apparel chain, and Sephora, the beauty retailer, are two that have created their own social media channels with some success. Then there's Spring, a new mobile shopping app that Hughes says in her blog "feels like a shoppable Instagram" and allows you to follow up to 450 brands.
Whether innovation to meet the needs of Gen Y's will happen quickly or at a more glacial pace is really the question. The need is there and the mandate of the next 10 years is to get better at selling to Gen Y as their buying power explodes.
And then there's Generation Z.
They are the kids under 18 — and to hear Gutfreund talk about them, retailers will next be dealing with "sixth sense" shoppers for whom technology is like another limb. "What's going to get to be important for this group is to be able to connect their virtual lives with their physical lives," says Gutfreund.
Though maybe, surprisingly, that place where the virtual meets the physical is in a mall, after all.
Leslie Nguyen-Okwu contributed reporting.
OZY is a USA TODAY content partner providing general news, commentary and coverage from around the Web. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
30 CONNECT 55 TWEET 52 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qvpwbu
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

US Unemployment Rate Declines to 5.8%You are here: Home Economy
US Payrolls Rise in October, Unemployment Rate Falls to 5.8 Per Cent
Reuters | Updated On: November 07, 2014 19:59 (IST)
More Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Washington: US job growth increased at a fairly brisk clip in October and the unemployment rate fell to a fresh six-year low of 5.8 per cent, underscoring the economy's resilience in the face of slowing global demand.
Despite the strengthening labor market picture, wage growth remained tepid, suggesting the Federal Reserve would be in no hurry to start lifting interest rates.
Employers added 2,14,000 new jobs to their payrolls last month, the Labor Department said on Friday. The unemployment rate fell from 5.9 per cent, even as more people entered the labour force, a sign of strength in the jobs market.
Data for August and September were revised to show 31,000 more jobs created than previously reported.
"It all speaks to the story that the US can sustain pretty strong growth even when there are concerns about growth slowing in places like China and the euro zone," said Jeff Greenberg, a senior economist at JP Morgan Private Bank in New York.
Mr Greenberg made the comments before the release of the closely watched employment report. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast 2,31,000 new jobs last month and for the unemployment rate to hold steady.
Job growth has exceeded 2,00,000 in each of the last nine months, sufficient strength to keep the economy on a higher growth path after it expanded at a 3.5 per cent pace in the third quarter. The relatively strong pace of job gains also signals that the slack in the labor market is being absorbed.
The US central bank last month struck a fairly upbeat tune on the jobs picture as it ended its bond buying program, dropping its characterization of labor market slack as "significant" and replacing it with "gradually diminishing".
Sturdy job gains on their own, however, will probably not be enough to convince the Fed to start raising interest rates before the second half of 2015 given a still low level of inflation.
Wages still sluggish
Wage growth is the missing piece of the jobs recovery and without significant increases, most economists say the Fed will be in no rush to lift benchmark lending rates that it has kept near zero since December 2008.
The employment report showed that average hourly earnings rose only three cents last month. That left the year-on-year change at 2.0 per cent, way below the pre-recession readings.
But other data have begun to show wage growth accelerating.
Details of the October employment report were fairly upbeat. The labor force participation rate and the ranks of the long-term unemployed both improved. These metrics are on Fed Chair Janet Yellen's so-called dashboard and are being watched for clues on the timing of the first rate hike.
The participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, increased by one-tenth of percentage point to 62.8 per cent, bouncing back after two straight months of declines.
The employment-to-population ratio increased to 59.2, the highest level since 2009.
A broad measure of joblessness that includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment fell to 11.5 per cent, the lowest level since September 2008.
As for job gains, they were broad-based in line with the recent trend. Private-sector employment increased by 209,000, with a second straight month of gains in manufacturing and an increase in construction.
Retail hiring advanced by 27,100 as stores gear up for a busy holiday shopping season. There was little sign that the closure of casinos in New Jersey had impacted leisure and hospitality sector employment, with payrolls in the sector rising 52,000.
Government employment increased 5,000 last month.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Wall Street Week Ahead: Earnings Outlook Might be Less Rosy Than Investors ThinkGold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
New York: With the US third-quarter earnings season almost at an end, many investors are breathing a sigh of relief as more companies surpassed profit expectations than in any quarter since 2010.
But some analysts say investors may be brushing off their worries about corporate profits a little too soon.
While most Standard & Poor's 500 companies beat analysts' expectations for third-quarter earnings, many just barely topped estimates, said Pankaj Patel, head of quantitative research at Evercore ISI in New York.
Of the S&P 500 companies that had reported results as of early this week, 66 per cent exceeded expectations, according to Evercore's data analysis. But that figure falls to just 43 per cent after stripping away companies that beat expectations by 5 per cent or less, Patel's research shows.
The figure excluding beats of 5 per cent or less is also well below the percentage of beats according to data based on Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S polls of analysts. On that data, 74 per cent of S&P 500 companies so far have exceeded analysts' expectations, which is the highest for any quarter since the second quarter of 2010. Results have come in from 88 per cent of the S&P 500.
The results could mean that an increasing number of companies are trying to "manage their beat rate," possibly to mask profit weakness, Patel said, noting that companies that exceed expectations by 5 per cent or less typically see their share prices decline in the three days following results.
"The beat rate is artificially high, but people still watch that percent," Patel said. "They keep buying and the market goes higher."
The S&P 500 has risen more than 3 percent since October 8, roughly when this earnings season began. The index is up 9.1 per cent from its October 15 low.
In addition, analysts' keep trimming their profit forecasts. Estimates for fourth-quarter earnings are down from the start of the quarter, along with estimates for the first part of 2015.
Earnings growth for the fourth quarter now is estimated at 7.6 per cent compared with an October 1 forecast for 11.1 per cent growth, Thomson Reuters data showed. For the 2015 first quarter, profit growth is seen at 8.8 per cent, down from an October 1 forecast for 11.5 per cent growth.
Moreover, the magnitude by which fourth-quarter estimates are falling has increased compared with the previous quarter, said Nick Raich, chief executive officer of The Earnings Scout, a Cleveland-based independent research firm specializing in earnings trends.
In outlooks given by companies themselves - done by only a minority of companies - the news is not good. Negative outlooks outnumber positive ones for the fourth quarter so far by a ratio of 3.9 to 1, up from the third quarter's ratio of 3.3 to 1, Thomson Reuters data showed.
"That's a worsening trend," Raich said. "The outlooks have gotten a little bit worse this quarter."
Outlooks could become even dimmer if lackluster demand overseas translates into weak results for the fourth quarter.
"The United States clearly is the bright spot in the world," said Uri Landesman, president of Platinum Partners in New York. "The rest of the world isn't nearly as strong, so demand coming from certain places is weaker, and the currency is going to have an enormous impact going forward."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Jet Airways Q2 Net Up At Rs 70 Crore on One-Off GainBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Jet Airways Ltd reported its first quarterly profit since 2012 on Friday, thanks to the sale of its frequent flyer business, but the airline continued to lose money once one-off gains were excluded.
The airline, which has struggled to make money amid fierce competition for fares and high operating costs, said net profit totalled Rs 69.82 crore in the three months to September 30 after it banked a Rs 305 crore gain from the sale of its Jet Privilege frequent flyer programme.
Excluding the sale, Jet, which is targeting a return to profitability by 2017, lost Rs 235 crore in the quarter, less than the Rs 833 crore it reported a year earlier after operating income rose and fuel costs fell.
Indian airlines are largely loss-making as a fight for fares keeps revenues below costs in one of the world's fastest growing aviation markets.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

More Pain Ahead for Indian Banks as Bad Loans Pile UpYou are here: Home Corporates
More Pain Ahead for Indian Banks as Bad Loans Pile Up
Reuters | Updated On: November 07, 2014 18:53 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai: India's state-owned banks warned growth in bad loans may continue into next year as they posted a rise in troubled loans for the September quarter with a weakening economy causing debt-laden sectors such as infrastructure to default on payments.
The bleak assessment means these and other banks, including private sector banks, may have to make higher provisions in their books against the souring loans which could eat into their profits at a faster pace.
It also means lenders will need more capital to act as a buffer against the losses from the bad loans. The lenders are already estimated by analysts to need as much as $110 billion (Rs 6.71 lakh crore at 1 dollar = 61 rupees) in new capital through March 2019 to comply with new global regulations.
Bank of Baroda and Bank of India, two of India's biggest state-controlled lenders, were among those that announced this week higher bad loans for the quarter ended September 30 and forecast further deterioration in asset quality in the current fiscal year to March 2015. State Bank of India, India's top lender, will report next week.
India's banking sector is sitting on roughly Rs 6 lakh crore worth of stressed loans - or nearly 10 per cent of total advances - according to estimates from credit rating agency Fitch's local unit.
About 45 per cent of the loans have already gone sour, while the remainder is in the "restructured" category - troubled, but for now requiring banks to set aside only minimal reserves.
But from April, new rules will abolish the "restructured" category and prompt banks to either chase customers for payment or set aside billions more in reserves.
As India's economic growth slipped below 5 per cent in the past two fiscal years - the weakest spell since the 1980s, banks' bad loans jumped to more than 4 per cent of their total assets this year from 2.4 per cent in 2011.
Credit growth, meantime, has fallen to its lowest in more than a decade.
"The stress in the sector may continue for at least one or two quarters (more)," said P Srinivas, an executive director at Bank of Baroda, which saw a fall in profit and higher bad loans. He expected additions to bad loans to be at current levels.
The pace of economic growth is widely expected to quicken this fiscal year and next as a new government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi speeds up clearance for big projects and implements reforms to attract investments.
That recovery, banks hope, will begin to feed through to corporate balance sheets.
But results on Friday showed there will be pain to be endured until that comes through.
Of the 34 lenders that have reported their earnings for the fiscal second quarter to end-September, 25 reported a rise in bad loans as measured by gross non-performing loans as a percentage of total, according to data compiled by Thomson Reuters.
India has 40 publicly traded lenders, with 24 of them majority owned by the government.
Sectors such as metals and mining, infrastructure and textiles have been major stress areas for banks. A Supreme Court ruling scrapping most coal extraction permits given to companies over two decades is also seen weighing on loans.
India Ratings and Research, Fitch's local unit, said it expected banks to restructure loans worth between Rs 60,000 crore and Rs 1 lakh crore in the next five months as the Reserve Bank of India's new rules removing the difference between restructured loans and non-performing loans kicks in from April.
"The sum and substance is: what is currently 6 trillion rupees, may very well, by the end of the financial year, be 6.6 (trillion rupees) or 7 (trillion rupees)," said Deep Mukherjee, a senior director at India Ratings and Research.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: November 07, 2014 18:51 (IST)

How I did it: Matt Maloney of GrubHub and Seamless0
Still,  expanding to a second market  was really difficult, because we weren't living there. This business is hyperlocal. We didn't know the neighborhoods the way we do in Chicago. We wanted to be a national company, but we couldn't afford to put an office in every city in the U.S. So we had to figure out a way to build a market, drive awareness, and sign up restaurants without having to pay rent. We ultimately hired a San Francisco manager who physically went to restaurants, signed them up, and built our network. These days, instead of having managers in each place, we just have people on the ground in our top 10 markets. The rest of our sales team is in Chicago and New York City.
We're one of the few consumer internet companies for which offline advertising works really well — specifically, at transit hubs. People coming home from work around 6 p.m. are hungry and very susceptible to our message. We figured this out when we advertised on mass transit in Chicago. We had noticed that the person managing the outdoor ads was really bad at taking them down, so we knew if we bought a month of space, we'd get five. That placement worked very well. It has been a staple of our advertising ever since. In New York City, you'll see Seamless ads plastered on the subways and buses.
Before the merger, Seamless was our biggest competitor, so I was very aware of what it was doing. I would have been loath to say it before we merged, but the companies were similar — we were solving the same problems but in different geographies. Seamless consistently made very smart decisions, both with product and marketing. My view on competition is, if someone comes along with an improved product at a cheaper price, then we damn well better do a better job, or we deserve to fail. So, we can copy what they do and make it better, or we can merge with them.
When we announced we were keeping both the GrubHub and Seamless brands, the resounding response was, “Why?” GrubHub was doing a really good job nationwide — but Seamless had incredible brand awareness in New York. It's like a religion there. By keeping both brands, we didn't have to spend money to promote Seamless in markets outside of New York or to promote GrubHub inside New York. We were able to optimize those marketing dollars and reinvest in our product.
We're constantly working to improve our technology. We launched our mobile platform in 2010. That was major — it's a lot easier to pull out your phone and order with three thumb taps. But that's obvious. Our tablet technology, on the other hand, wasn't so obvious. We realized that certain restaurants were having a hard time keeping up with the volume of orders. Historically, we'd send them by fax — but the fax machine runs out of ink or gets jammed. So we built a tablet app for restaurants to confirm and complete orders, send messages back to us, change a menu item or the restaurant's hours — whatever they need. Now, nearly half of our 175,000 daily orders go through our tablet technology. We give tablets to the restaurants doing high volume. I want them to have one, because then they can process orders better and faster. And that means everyone is happier: the diner, the restaurant, us. It's just smart.
Everyone talks about next-day delivery being a coup for online companies — at GrubHub, we execute the delivery experience within 60 minutes. That's the unsung part of our business. To do this, we have a team of more than 300 customer care agents in Chicago proactively managing the status of meals nationwide. If your order hasn't been confirmed within five minutes, someone from GrubHub is calling that restaurant, because we don't have time to spare. If your order's not out the door in 20 minutes, then we're on the phone figuring out what's wrong. There's still the issue of the delivery drivers, so we're working on a tool to help them be more efficient.
The IPO process, at a fundamental level, exposes what makes every company tick. If that message is complicated, the IPO process is tricky. In our case, it was very simple. We have a business model that everyone understands. Not a lot has changed since we went public. The big difference is that we have an extra $200 million on our balance sheet. You can't let financing drive the strategy of the company, but the company needs to grow and evolve and get stronger. Having money helps.
The growth of Grubhub

Ways to save on airfare this holiday seasonWays to save on airfare this holiday season
Holiday travel
Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune
If the cost of a plane ticket for the holidays is too high, consider flying on non-peak days.
If the cost of a plane ticket for the holidays is too high, consider flying on non-peak days. (Phil Velasquez, Chicago Tribune)
By Carolyn Bigda
It's not too late to get a cheap flight for the holidays.
Home for the holidays? Avoid sticker shock over airfares with these tips.
If you haven't booked your flights yet for Thanksgiving and year-end holidays, now is the time to start searching and plotting how to get a reasonable deal.
Recently, airfares for Thanksgiving travel were about 10 percent cheaper than they were at the same time last year, according to airfare-tracker Hopper, but still cost an average of 30 percent to 40 percent more than fares outside of the holiday period.
8
Don't expect lower oil prices to result in fare sales. (The price of oil has fallen from more than $100 per barrel this summer to below $80 per barrel.) Tight capacity is giving airlines little incentive to slash prices.
"About four or five years ago, we did see what I used to call turkey fares: last-minutes sales on flights during the off-peak days around Thanksgiving," said Rick Seaney, co-founder and chief executive of FareCompare, an online travel search engine. "But that's when we had 12 percent more flights in the air and empty middle seats."
He added: "If you're hanging on, waiting for that to occur, you're going to end up either not going or getting probably the worst sticker shock of your life."
However, even with fewer available seats, there are ways to save on airfare this holiday season.
Fly off-peak days. Thanksgiving airfare is expensive, but prices don't tend to spike into the stratosphere until 10 days before the holiday, according to Patrick Surry, chief data scientist at Hopper.
"The airlines know people have no flexibility for Thanksgiving travel, so prices start pretty high," he said. "But they stay flat right up until the last couple of weeks before the holiday."
So there's still time (albeit, very limited) to book Thanksgiving flights without having to pay the steepest fares.
If the cost of a ticket is still too high, though, consider flying on non-peak days.
According to FareCompare, you'll save up to 50 percent by booking a return flight on the Friday after Thanksgiving rather than Sunday, one of the busiest travel days of the year. On Saturday, you'll save as much as 32 percent and on Monday, 28 percent.
For example, fares for a non-stop round-trip flight from Atlanta to Dallas, departing on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving and returning on the Sunday following the holiday, start at $261, according to a recent search on Kayak.com a travel search engine. But if you return on Friday, the price drops to as low as $167.
Book Christmas travel now. The story is a little different for Christmas, when travelers often have more flexibility with days off from work or are celebrating different holidays, Surry says.
Airfares rise slowly but steadily starting 60 days before Christmas (the end of October) and spike during the three weeks before the holiday.
"It's almost more important to shop for your Christmas vacation now than it is to get the Thanksgiving ticket," Surry said.
Currently, prices for Christmas flights average about 2 percent less than a year ago, according to Hopper, giving you even more reason to book early. (Last year, 59 percent of travelers waited until the last four weeks before Christmas to search for fares.)
Again, you'll get the best deals if you travel at unpopular times, such as on Christmas Day or Christmas Eve.
In a recent search on Kayak, for example, fares for a non-stop round-trip flight from New York City to Miami, departing the Saturday before Christmas and returning the Saturday after the holiday, started at $476. Wait to leave until Christmas Eve, however, and the price dropped to as low $365.

Jet-Etihad deal gets Singapore watchdog clea...Abu Dhabi
(The deal finally got consummated…)
SINGAPORE: Clearing last of its regulatory hurdles, Jet Airways' commercial alliance with Abu Dhabi-based Etihad, including a Rs 2,060-crore stake sale, has received approval from the Competition Commission of Singapore.
While giving its long-pending clearance, Singapore's fair trade watchdog has ruled that the alliance "by its nature" has potential to adversely impact competition in the country, but "on the balance" the efficiencies from the deal outweighs the anti-competitive effect.
Over a year after the deal being announced in April 2013, the Singapore regulator announced in June this year that it has launched a public scrutiny of Jet-Etihad alliance to probe any possible violation of competition laws in the country.
The deal, which involved purchase of a 24 per cent stake in Naresh Goyal-led Jet for about Rs 2,060 crore by Etihad along with other tie-ups, went through turbulent times for months after being announced.
The deal finally got consummated late last year after clearance by various Indian regulators including fair trade watchdog CCI ( Competition Commission of India ) and capital markets regulator Sebi .
However, the deal came under scanner of the Competition Commission of Singapore (CCS), as the alliance "relates to the provision of international air passenger transport services (and associated support services), with a specific focus on the Singapore origin and destination city pairs".
After a public scrutiny and pursuant to submissions made by various stakeholders on filings made by the two carriers, CCS has now given its go-ahead to the deal.
Incidentally, the CCS approval comes at a time when Jet Airways has reported a quarterly net profit on stand-alone basis for the first time since 2012, helped by a one-time income from sale of its loyalty programme to Etihad.
On consolidated basis also, Jet has managed to narrow its losses by about 96 per cent to Rs 43 crore in the quarter ended September 30, as against a whopping net loss of Rs 999 crore in the year-ago period.
Announcing its clearance, CCS said the alliance involves Jet and Etihad cooperating on route and schedule coordination, pricing, distribution and marketing, among other things.
CCS said that it examined the alliance in view of the markets for provision of international scheduled air passenger services and air freight services on the affected Singapore origin and destination city pairs.
"After reviewing submissions provided by the Parties and various stakeholders, CCS finds that the Proposed Commercial Alliance will, by its nature, have the object of preventing, restricting or distorting competition within Singapore.
"However, given that the Proposed Commercial Alliance has minimal adverse impact on competition in the Relevant Markets, CCS is satisfied that, on the balance, the efficiencies accrued from the Proposed Commercial Alliance outweighs the anti-competitive effect of the Proposed Commercial Alliance and therefore the Proposed Commercial Alliance is excluded from section 34 of the Act," it said in its 28-page order.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cabinet reshuffle: All you need to know about Modi s ministersAll you need to know about Modi's newly appointed ministers
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 09, 2014
First Published: 15:23 IST(9/11/2014) | Last Updated: 07:31 IST(10/11/2014)
Comments
In the first cabinet expansion exercise of the Narendra Modi government, 21 ministers were inducted into the council of ministers on Sunday. Four ministers were allotted cabinet rank, whereas three took charge as Ministers of State (independent charge). The remaining 14 took oath as MoS.
The expansion takes the number of ministers in the Modi cabinet to 66.
Here is the list of newly sworn-in ministers and all that you need to know about them:
Cabinet ministers
Manohar Parrikar, 58: The former Goa chief minister took oath as a cabinet minister on Sunday. A metallurgical engineering graduate from IIT-Bombay, he has a reputation for honesty and simplicity. He was praised as the 'Common Man's CM' for flying without security or entourage and carrying his own briefcase. He is tipped to be the defence minister.
Suresh Prabhu, 61: He was the chemical and fertilizer minister in the first National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government. Prabhu, who later became the environment minister during NDA, is known as a performer. A former Shiv Sena member, he is part of international bodies on sustainable growth and climate change. A law degree holder with doctorate in climate change from Germany, Prabhu is a strong votary of a balance between economic development and environment protection. His website says he has “uncommon whiff of much needed fresh air” who introduced amendment to the Patents Act that gave fillip to the Indian generic medicine industry.
Jagat Prakash Nadda, 54: Brought up in Patna, Nadda was one of the youngest legislators to be elected to Himachal assembly. The veteran politician who earned recognition as a Himachal Pradesh leader, lost the race for BJP's presidency to Amit Shah after the Lok Sabha elections. His big leap into politics started during Emergency in 1977 as Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad secretary. Nadda is known to maintain a low profile and claims himself to be a disciplined solider of the RSS.
Birendra Singh, 68: A long-time Congress man, he joined the BJP before assembly elections in Haryana this August to protest against the grand old party not agreeing to sacking of then chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda. In his long political career, he had been Congress in-charge for many states such as Uttarakhand and Himachal, and was the chairperson of many parliamentary standing committees. He had joined the BJP apparently on the assurance that he would get a Union cabinet berth.
Ministers of State (independent charge)
Bandaru Dattatreya, 67: A minister in Atal Bihari Vajpayee government, he was president of the BJP in newly created state of Telangana. An RSS activist, he was the founding member of the party in residual Andhra Pradesh and was chairperson of several parliamentary standing committees. He had been elected to the Lower House for the first time from Secunderabad in the 10th Lok Sabha.
Rajiv Pratap Rudy, 52: At an age of 38, he was inducted as one of the youngest ministers in the Vajpayee government in 2000. He was a minister of state and elevated with independent charge three years later and given the important portfolio of civil aviation. Alumni of Punjab University and MP from Bihar, he was in-charge of the party in Maharashtra, where the BJP emerged as the largest single party in the recently concluded assembly elections.
Dr Mahesh Sharma, 55: A doctor by profession, Sharma is an MP from Gautam Budh Nagar, Noida. He runs several charitable hospitals and clinics in the National Capital Territory. Sharma has been a long associate of the RSS and is former Noida MLA from the BJP.
Ministers of State
Hansraj Ahir, 59: He is a member of Lok Sabha from Chandrapur in Maharashtra and was instrumental in exposing the coal scam. It was on his letter to the Central Vigilance Commission that led to a CBI inquiry into the coal scam. He was face of the BJP in exposing the coal scam during the UPA regime and obtained relevant documents to embarrass the Manmohan Singh led government. An active Parliamentarian, Ahir had introduced a large number of private member bills in over 15 years as an MP.
Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, 57: A vocal BJP spokesperson and former minister of state for information and broadcasting, Naqvi had been the Muslim face of the party for long. Born in 1957 in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, Naqvi contested his first election on now-defunct Janata Party ticket in 1980 and was one of the ministers in Vajpayee’s cabinet in 1998. Known for freely airing his views, he created a flutter by saying that now even Dawood Ibrahim can join the BJP on decision to induct Bihar Janata Dal (United) leader Shabbir Ali during 2014 Lok Sabha elections.
Giriraj Singh, 54: His emergence on the national political scene had been rather dramatic. During Lok Sabha polls, the Election Commission debarred him from campaigning after he asked all Modi detractors to go to Pakistan. And after the polls he was in the news for about Rs. 1.14 crore stolen from his house in Patna. A firebrand Bhumihar leader from Bihar was a minister in Nitish Kumar-led Janata Dal (United) and BJP alliance government, and influences vast pockets in southern Bihar, which goes to polls in 2015, and election-bound Jharkhand.
Ram Kripal Yadav, 57: A former Lalu Prasad supporter, he quit the party after being denied a ticket from Pataliputra. He contested on a BJP ticket and defeated Prasad’s daughter Misa Bharti. A former deputy mayor of Patna and a law graduate, Yadav is known for his rhetoric in both the houses of Parliament, where he had represented Prasad’s RJD. An aggressive campaigner with vote base among backwards in Bihar, his induction will strengthen the BJP’s campaign to form the next government in the state in 2015 assembly elections.
Babul Supriyo, 44: It was on a flight with Baba Ramdev as co-passenger that singer Babul Supriyo’s political baptism took place. Ramdev reportedly asked Supriyo if he was interested in politics and contesting an election. The stocky singer’s induction gives West Bengal representation in the Modi cabinet. Supriyo’s thumping victory from Asansol on a BJP ticket was a huge boost for the party. Born and raised in Uttarpara, he is the musical heir to a prestigious musical family of West Bengal and the grandson of the noted composer, Banikantha NC Baral.
 
Jayant Sinha 51: The 51-year-old Hazaribagh MP, Jayant Sinha, is a former corporate honcho with wide experience in corporate governance and strategy consulting. He will be an asset in an economic ministry. Son of former finance minister Yashwant Sinha, he spent 12 years with McKinsey & Company as a partner apart from serving as president of Internet Business Capital Corp and in consulting positions at Stone & Webster and Synergic Resources Corporation, US. Sinha is an MBA with distinction from the Harvard Business School; has an MS in Energy Management and Policy from the University of Pennsylvania; and a B.Tech in Chemical Engineering with distinction from the IIT, Delhi.
Sanwar Lal Jat, 59: Sanwar Lal Jat had defeated Congress heavyweight Sachin Pilot from the Ajmer seat. His elevation balances the Jat-Rajput equation in Rajasthan. Jat is a powerful leader in the area and had quit the Vasundhara Raje Cabinet to contest the elections.
 
Mohan Kundariya: He is an influential leader from Patel community and MP from Rajkot. Powerful politician with strong roots in the Saurashtra region, he had served as minister in the Modi cabinet in Gujarat.
Ram Shankar, 50: A second-time Lok Sabha member from Agra, Shankar is an academician by profession and had been part of the party’s anti-corruption campaign. He was also part of several parliamentary committees in the 15th Lok Sabha. He was sworn in as member of state.
Vijay Sampla, 53: It is a rag to riches story for him. A Dalit employed as plumber in Saudi Arabia after his matriculation, he returned to Punjab a few decades ago and joined politics. A successful businessman now, Sampla was elected to Lok Sabha from Hoshiarpur in Punjab and inducted into the cabinet for the first time.
YS Chowdhary, 53: It has been a meteoric rise for the TDP leader. A businessman from Hyderabad, he was unanimously elected to Rajya Sabha in 2010. His brief bio-data on the Rajya Sabha website says he is an engineer by profession but was hand-picked for the election to upper house by TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu.
Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary, 60: He is an MP from Banaskantha in Gujarat. He has been the BJP member since 1988, and had been the vice-president of Gujarat state unit from 2005 to 2010.
Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, 47: The lone women induction in the Modi cabinet, Jyoti is an MP from Fatepur who defeated RLD’s Amar Singh. She was in news recently after a bid on her life and well-known RSS leanings.

Nuclear-capable Agni-II missile test firedComments
India on Sunday successfully test-fired its medium-range nuclear-capable Agni-II missile with a strike range of more than 2000 km from the Wheeler Island off Odisha coast as part of a user trial by the army.
"The trial of the surface-to-surface missile was conducted from a mobile launcher from the Launch Complex-4 of Integrated Test Range at around 9:40am," defence officials said.
Describing the test of the state-of-the-art missile as fully successful, ITR Director MVKV Prasad said, "It was a user trial conducted by the army."
Agni-II Intermediate Range Ballistic Missile (IRBM) has already been inducted into the services and today's test was carried out by the specially formed Strategic Forces Command of the Army as part of training exercise with logistic support provided by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), the officials said.
The two-stage sophisticated missile equipped with advanced high accuracy navigation system, guided by a novel scheme of state of the earth command and control system was propelled by solid rocket propellant system, they said.
"The entire trajectory of the trial tracked by a battery of sophisticated radars, telemetry observation stations, electro-optic instruments and naval ships located near the impact point in the down range area of the sea," said a DRDO scientist.
The 20-metre long Agni-II missile is a two-stage, solid-propelled ballistic missile. It has a launch weight of 17 tonnes and can carry a payload of 1000 kg over a distance of more than 2,000 km.
The Agni-II missile was developed by Advanced Systems Laboratory (ASL) and integrated by the Bharat Dynamics Limited (BDL), Hyderabad.
Agni-II is part of the Agni series of missiles developed by DRDO which includes Agni-I with 700 km range, Agni-III with 3,000 km range, Agni-IV with 4000 km range and Agni-V more than 5,000 km range, they said. The last trial of Agni-II conducted on April 7, 2013 from the same base was a total success.

Subramanian Swamy to file PIL in Sunanda Pushkars deathcaseBy: Press Trust of India | Bhubaneswar | Posted: November 9, 2014 5:41 pm
Senior BJP leader Subramanian Swamy Sunday said that he may file a public interest litigation (PIL) demanding court-monitored probe into the mysterious death of Sunanda Pushkar, wife of Congress leader Shashi Tharoor.
“I may file a PIL in court seeking a thorough probe into the matter relating to the death of Sunanda Pushkar,” Swamy said while replying a question here on the sidelines of a programme.
Swamy said he had sought court’s interference on many occasions during the UPA regime but “have not moved court on any matter after the NDA came to power”.
“However, I may file a PIL in the case of Sunanda Pushkar’s death even as her husband has been making rounds to the BJP office in Delhi,” he said.
Swamy has for long demanded a special investigation of Pushkar’s death alleging foul play.
Sunanda was found dead in a five-star hotel in south Delhi on the night of January 17, after her Twitter spat with Pakistani journalist Mehr Tarar over an alleged affair with her husband.
A team of AIIMS doctors had last month submitted a fresh report to police on Sunanda’s death after examining her viscera and maintained that she died of poisoning.

Heart can link people across border: AliZafarBy: Press Trust of India | Jaipur | Posted: November 9, 2014 5:40 pm
Expressing his sentiments over ongoing conflict between the two countries, Pakistani singer-actor Ali Zafar says hearts can link people across border but war cannot win the world.
“In the world of kill or Dil (heart), heart brings aman and pyar (peace and love) but not the war,” Zafar said during the promotion of his upcoming YashRaj venture “Kill Dil” here.
The actor attended the event along with co-stars Parineeti Chopra and Ranveer Singh in the pink city.
Zafar said the film will give a special message of love and peace.
“On Children’s day, November 14, the movie will give the message of love and peace,” he said.
People in Pakistan were also waiting for this very movie on November 14, he said.

Suresh Prabhu joinsBJPPrint
President Pranab Mukherjee shakes hands with the new Cabinet minister Suresh Prabhu after administering him oath of office at the swearing-in ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Sunday. (PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 5:56 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 6:56 pm
Former Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu Sunday formally joined the BJP before being sworn in as Cabinet Minister in the first expansion of the Narendra Modi government.
Prabhu, who was Power Minister in the Atal Behari Vajpayee-led previous NDA government, received the party’s primary membership in the morning and was welcomed by senior party leaders.
The 61-year-old banker-politician was a Shiv Sena leader and joins at a time when there is simmering tension between the Sena and the BJP amid talk that Uddhav Thackeray will pull his party out of the government at the Centre and play the role of opposition in Maharashtra.
READ: ‘BJP, Sena don’t stand for Hindus in sense… All those who believe in India are Hindu
Prabhu has been appointed as Modi’s ‘sherpa’ to assist the Prime Minister at the upcoming G20 summit in Brisbane.
During Vajpayee’s tenure from 1998 to 2004, Prabhu was Industry Minister, Minister of Environment and Forests, Minister of Fertilizers & Chemicals, Power, Heavy Industry and Public Enterprises.
Prabhu has represented the Rajapur Lok Sabha constituency in Konkan four times, from 1996 to 2009. He lost his seat in the 2009 general election. This is the same constituency which late Janata Party leader Madhu Dandavate had represented.
Prabhu’s decision to call off his visit to Wharton School as a mark of protest against the cancellation of Modi’s keynote address at the Wharton India Economic Forum 2013 won him accolades from BJP.
Later in the day, Congress leader Karan Singh’s younger son Ajatshatru Singh joined the BJP in the presence of BJP chief Amit Shah. The grandson of Jammu’s erstwhile king Maharaja Hari Singh joins the BJP ahead of assembly elections in the state starting November 25 and may contest from Nagrota.

Interstellar: A wormhole that sucks you in slowlyEnglish cinema
The film completely banks on Matthew McConaughey’s presence and voice and this is a true triumph of an actor’s ability to carry the philosophy of an entire film on his shoulders
If the basic plot of Interstellar feels similar to Contact (a girl trying to decode communication from outer space only to realise the obvious – that science and faith take you to the same place), that’s because Interstellar is an idea developed by theoretical physicist Kip Thorne and producer Lynda Obst (the minds behind Contact). Essentially, a reboot then handed over the Nolan brothers to tell the story all over again but with their brand of imagination.
And Christopher Nolan decides to mount it with the ambition of making this his companion piece to 2001: A Space Odyssey and Contact, of course. The result is an insanely indulgent epic that would make geeks sit down and compare notes on the take-off points from various sci-fi movies made by everyone from Kubrick to Spielberg to Cuaron.
In spite of being given the task of exploring themes and conflicts addressed in the realm of science fiction before, Nolan crafts a fairly unpredictable journey by venturing into space – not in search of truth (as Contact did) but in search of answers for survival. Every character in Interstellar is driven by the need to survive as the Nolan brothers milk this to explore notions of mortality, purpose, faith, design, home and family.
Genre: Sci-Fi Director: Christopher Nolan Cast: Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Michael Caine, Matt Damon Storyline: An engineer chosen to fly on an interstellar expedition to save the planet from extinction promises his little daughter he would come back, no matter how long it takes. Bottomline: A 'Contact' reboot that gets the Nolan treatment
The result is a rather slow but effective film that mines the premise more for meaning than spectacle – not that the visual appeal of the film is in any way less than what we have come to expect from the master of modern cerebral blockbuster cinema. As he did in Inception, Nolan walks a fine line between spelling things out and letting the audience figure out what’s going on ever so confidently, keeping his storytelling extremely simple and accessible even for an audience that may not care much for science fiction.
Because for him, it’s just a story about a father’s promise to his daughter before going on an uncertain mission – that he will come back, no matter what. No matter how long.
Nolan takes almost an hour to set up this emotional family drama before venturing into the science fiction space, literally… And every minute of cinema after that makes up for lost time.
Not that there is a sudden sense of urgency. It’s the same pace as before. But you have got used to it and Nolan has successfully teleported you into the seats of the explorers – you don’t know what’s coming next and you certainly have no clue if you are going to be able to head back.
Every minute in space may feel like two minutes in real time, especially towards the end, if you are not a Nolan fan. But that’s relativity.
The film completely banks on Matthew McConaughey’s presence and voice (luckily, the subtitles help) and this is a true triumph of an actor’s ability to carry the load and philosophy of an entire film on his shoulders. Anne Hathaway and Jessica Chastain get equally strong parts to sink their teeth into, Matt Damon gets a mean extended cameo but there’s no denying that this is one of McConaughey’s best ever.
While this may not be Nolan’s most original film, Interstellar is surely one of the best you will see this year. Buckle up. And feel what it’s like to explore the unknown. Into the wormhole.

Carlsen  Anand play out fighting draw in first gamePrint
Having drawn the white pieces in the drawing of lots, Anand went for the blood on expected lines but Carlsen, after some initial problems in the Grunfeld defense came out with flying colours and gave the Tiger of Madras a tough time. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Sochi | Posted: November 9, 2014 12:44 am | Updated: November 9, 2014 12:45 am
Indian ace Viswanathan Anand played out a fighting draw with defending champion Magnus Carlsen of Norway in the first game of the World Chess championship.
Having drawn the white pieces in the drawing of lots, Anand went for the blood on expected lines but Carlsen, after some initial problems in the Grunfeld defense came out with flying colours and gave the Tiger of Madras a tough time.
With one of the preparations backfiring against an agile Magnus, it will be up to team Anand to look for remedial measures especially with white pieces as even though the Indian went up by almost 30 minutes on the clock in the opening phase.
The advantage was gradually neutralised by Carlsen. Anand was, in fact, having less time than Carlsen when the game reached the first time control.
It was a good opening for Anand as white in the topical exchange variation. The five times world champion apparently took a cue few from a couple of recent games played by Ragger Markus and Alexander Moiseenko and even though their final result were uninspiring, the position did offer the kind of volatility Anand was hoping to get.
Carlsen, to his credit, was in his elements and showed no fatigue whatsoever when he was posed with a difficult positon to solve. While things seem to be favouring Anand thanks to his speed in executing his moves till move 13, the next one from Carlsen apparently took the Indian by a huge surprise as he spent no less than 23 minutes on it.
Soon afterwards Anand embarked on a principled decision, one that dented his pawn structure for ever, but something that still gave him hope to fight for the initiative.
However, as the game progressed it became clear that Carlsen had judged this one position better and slowly but surely, white’s advantage – and hope – disappeared from the board.
With the exchange of last minor piece on move 23, the players reached a perfectly equal but yet dynamic queen and rooks endgame. It was here that Anand lost his nerve towards the end of the first time control and what appeared to be a draw  was suddenly menacing for the Indian.
Carlsen did many things right from this juncture. The Norwegian gave nothing away to Anand and forced some passive display which led to a precarious, if not lost, position for the challenger.
It all boiled down to a single move when on move 44, continued…

Fresh arrivals look to warm up London partyBerdych (R) takes a 'selfie' with (L to R) Federer, Wawrinka, Djokovic, Nishikori, Murray, Raonic and Cilic at the O2 Arena in London. (Source: Reuters)
By: Reuters | London | Posted: November 9, 2014 8:57 am
A season that produced the biggest shake-up in men’s tennis for more than a decade draws to a close next week with three ATP World Tour Finals debutants striving to sign off breakthrough years with a large exclamation mark.
U.S. Open champion Marin Cilic, the man he beat in New York Kei Nishikori and Milos Raonic, the fresh-faced Canadian with dynamite in his serving arm, will all add plenty to the mix at the glitzy season-ender now in its sixth year of residence at London’s eye-catching O2 Arena.
However, three of the world’s established “big four” will be only too happy to slap down the young upstarts. Novak Djokovic is seeking a third consecutive title alongside the River Thames, one that would seal the world number one ranking and complete a memorable year for the 27-year-old, who recently became a father for the first time. Effervescent Roger Federer, at 33 the oldest player in the eight-man event, is targeting a seventh title at the ATP’s blue riband tournament, and few would bet against the17-time Grand Slam champion achieving it.
Britain’s Andy Murray, who produced a dazzling late surge to qualify for London with three titles in his last six tournaments, will also be hungry to launch himself into next year with a first ATP World Tour Finals crown. And why not? After all, it has been a year of firsts.
“You know, there was Stan’s (Wawrinka’s) first slam, Cilic’s first slam, Nishikori his first final, Raonic in the semis at Wimbledon,” the Scot told reporters on Friday. “The young guys have improved and got more consistent but they are up against some of the best players of all time so regardless of how much they have improved it’s not going to be that easy to knock them off.”
On the subject of new arrivals, Djokovic said the three first-timers in London underlined a sense of change in men’s tennis which since 2003 has been dominated by Federer, the currently sidelined Rafa Nadal, himself and Murray. “It’s been a few years now that we’ve four different players winning the grand slam titles,” said Djokovic who claimed a seventh major title at Wimbledon this year.
“There is some change in professional tennis in terms of new players and a new generation challenging the top four who have been winning most of the major titles but I think this is something normal to expect. Maybe we expected it a bit earlier.”
Sunday: Nishikori vs Murray; Federer vs Raonic; Live on Ten sports at 7.30 pm

Manchester United escape with Juan Mata strikeJuan Mata celebrates his goal against Crystal Palace on Saturday at Old Trafford. (Source: AP)
By: Associated Press | Manchester | Posted: November 9, 2014 10:00 am | Updated: November 9, 2014 10:29 am
Juan Mata came on as a substitute to score in the 67th minute and give Manchester United a much-needed 1-0 victory over Crystal Palace in the Premier League on Saturday.
Just four minutes after coming on for Adnan Januzaj, the United midfielder curled a deflected shot past Julian Speroni to hand Louis van Gaal’s team its first win in four matches. It was another lackluster display, however, and United’s expensively assembled attacking lineup struggled to crack open the visitors’ defense for large parts of the match.
Luke Shaw tested Julian Speroni with a low shot and Marouane Fellaini had a header cleared off the line, but United offered little else going forward.
Fraizer Campbell wasted a great chance to score for Palace against his old team in the first half, and United hung on for a rare clean sheet that lifted it up to a provisional fifth place.
The hosts enjoyed plenty of possession, but Neil Warnock’s defense dropped deep and United barely entered the away box.
At the other end, United’s defense had a predictably chaotic look to it.
With four center backs out through injury or suspension, Daley Blind and Paddy McNair started and the early signs were not too good. Campbell made just two appearances during his five-year spell at Old Trafford, but he was causing problems for United’s center back pairing.
His best chance came when Joel Ward lumped a simple ball long. Blind and McNair both tried and failed to clear, which meant Campbell was through on goal but the striker panicked and snatched at his opportunity, which flew over David de Gea’s bar.
“We had a great opportunity to put them under pressure with the chance we had for Frazier, but it wasn’t to be today,” Warnock said.
With United still struggling after the break, Van Gaal looked to Mata to make the difference and he put United ahead shortly after his introduction.
Mata exchanged passes with Angel Di Maria and fired a curling shot past Speroni, which the Palace goalkeeper should have done better to keep out.
Mata also struck the post on a counterattack and  Robin van Persie wasted the follow-up, blazing high and wide, but one goal proved enough.

Sunday ET | Kerala becomes investors  paradiseYou are here: Home > Collections > Companies
Surprise investor financing for Kalyan Jewellers and Mindhelix lifts hopes of Kerala entrepreneurs
S Sanandakumar, ET Bureau Nov 9, 2014, 03.00AM IST
Tags:
B Girirajan
(Financial analysts said…)
Kerala maybe God's Own Country, but it has long been a Godforsaken Country for investors. It's not hard to see why. The state barely has an industry of note owing to fervent unionism. So the news of investments in two Kerala companies that are as different as chalk and cheese and at two ends of the entrepreneurial journey to boot, caused not only surprise, but has also raised hope that investors are finally looking at companies from the state in a positive light.
Kalyan Jewellers, one of the largest jewellery retailing units in India, has received financing worth Rs 1,200 crore from private equity giant Warburg Pincus. The investment in the 21-yearold company is one of the largest instances of funding in the jewellery sector in the region. Almost simultaneously, Mindhelix, a startup launched by a bunch of students, raised nearly $1,19,000 (around Rs 73 lakh) through crowdfunding for its home security innovation. The company had set a target of $100,000, but ended up collecting more.
Newfound Faith
Financial analysts said investors, domestic and global, seem to be reposing faith in the potential of the companies in Kerala. Investment consultant and fund manager Porinju Veliyath said many of his friends from other states called up to find out whether the news (of the twin financing) was true.
That's not to say instances of companies receiving money from investors or of raising funds from the market have been rare in Kerala. Catholic Syrian Bank, based in Thrissur, hogged headlines when Thailand-based businessman Surachan Chansrichawala became the largest shareholder. A number of Kerala companies have also tapped the capital market through successful IPOs. PE investors too have been active. For example, New Vernon Investment, based in the US, invested $10 million in Kochi spices company Eastern Condiments, General Atlantic of the US pumped $60 million in Thiruvananthapurambased travel and logistics IT company IBS Software and Baring India put $35 million in financial services company JRG Securities, based in Kochi. But these investments happened nearly a decade ago.
In that context, The Warburg Pincus investment in Kalyan Jewellers has the potential to trigger a fresh wave of interest in companies in Kerala. Veliyath, CEO of Equity Intelligence, a Kochi-based portfolio management company, said companies from the state are being watched with renewed interest. A lot of money is floating around and companies here are bracing to expand, he said, adding that labour unrest, the bugbear of enterprises in Kerala, is now a thing of the past.
Winds of Change
B Girirajan, managing director, Bhima Jewellers, said the investment in Kalyan Jewellers is a signal that the global investors have taken note of the retail prowess of jewellery majors in the state.
Kalyan will use the Rs 1,200-crore investment largely for expansion. For a state where jewellery shops are as common as coconut trees, the company was a pioneer in embracing the concept of large showrooms with lush interiors. Apart from an emphasis on customer service, the company also focused on offering a wide choice of jewellery to customers, according to Kalyan Jewellers chairman TS Kalyanaraman.
Today, Kalyan has 55 exclusive showrooms in India and six in the UAE. The company is about to add 28 showrooms in six months. This includes a further foray in West Asian markets such as Kuwait and Qatar and to South East Asian markets such as Malaysia and Singapore. The expansion is expected to boost the company's revenues to Rs 25,000 crore in three years from Rs 10,000 crore at present, according to the promoters. Kalyanaraman, the only businessman in Kerala to own a private jet and helicopter, which facilitate his visits to showrooms spread across the country, has acquired a second aircraft from Brazil.
Kalyan's ambitions are also a cue for jewellery rivals like Bhima to expand operations. "We have to invest in showrooms and widen our network," Girirajan said. Bhima is preparing to infuse fresh capital from investors in West Asia, he said.
 
Different Direction
Being a startup, the ambitions of Mindhelix are modest in comparison, but the company's founders are no less excited. The company raised $1,19,000 two days before the closing date of fund-raising. Mindhelix's home security sensor-equipped hardware, Rico, works by itself or with a spare smartphone to detect and alert users about changes inside a home, including temperature, smoke and cooking gas. Thanks to the device, users can watch live video feeds of the rooms and control home appliances. According to Mindhelix CEO Kallidil Kalidasan, Rico is a cheaper and smarter replacement for heavy and expensive home security hardware. It will also allow people to reuse their discarded smartphones, he added.

Michael Browns parents plan to testify before a U.N. committee next weekBy Mark Berman November 7 Follow @markberman
Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr. (Associated Press)
Michael Brown’s parents plan to testify before a United Nations committee against torture next week in Geneva, Switzerland.
The committee is meeting Wednesday and Thursday to “review” the United States, and committee members plan to touch on issues including police brutality, Guantanamo Bay detainees and the treatment of other detainees.
Lesley McSpadden and Michael Brown Sr., the parents of the 18-year-old who was shot and killed by a Ferguson, Mo., police officer in August, are scheduled to join a delegation that hopes to discuss racial profiling and police violence while in Geneva.
This comes as a grand jury decision in the shooting is expected any day now, with few in the St. Louis region expecting that officer Darren Wilson will be charged.
The committee meeting next week will also touch on the use of untested drugs during lethal injections. The United Nations, which opposes the death penalty, had  criticized a botched execution in Oklahoma  this year. An execution in Arizona, which used two drugs that had not been combined before in a lethal injection, took nearly two hours and prompted a state review.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Cabinet expansion amid Sena threatNew Delhi, November 9, 2014
Updated: November 9, 2014 11:41 IST
Cabinet expansion amid Sena threat
Varghese K. George
The Hindu Supporters congratulate BJP's national vice- president and Secunderabad MP Bandaru Dattatreya in Hyderabad on Saturday as he is all set to join Narendra Modi’s cabinet on Sunday. Photo: Mohammed Yousuf
TOPICS
national politics
BJP approves RS seat for Parrikar
The changes in the Union Council of Ministers on Sunday could be extensive, with at least a dozen new faces to be sworn in, although the BJP’s standoff with the Shiv Sena intensified late on Saturday.
Speculation continued on dropping of some Ministers or promotions from Minister of State rank to Cabinet, but a senior BJP functionary told The Hindu that “chances of such changes are marginal.”
Last-minute hurdles cropped up in the Shiv Sena’s representative’s induction after Union Minister Anant Geete’s scheduled meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi did not materialise.
Several probables have received phone calls for the oath-taking ceremony to be held at the Rashtrapati Bhavan from 1.30 p.m. on Sunday. Many Ministers holding multiple portfolios may shed load, and if that happens, that would bring down the curtain on Mr. Modi’s experiment of keeping the council small by clustering related Ministries under a single Minister. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley would lose the Defence portfolio to Manohar Parikkar, who resigned as Goa Chief Minister. Mr. Modi’s Council of Ministers has 44 members; in 2013, the then Manmohan Singh Cabinet had 77.
Also read: All about Modi's cabinet expansion
On a day of fast-moving events, the BJP Parliamentary Board, in an early morning meeting, approved the nomination of Mr. Parrikar for a Rajya Sabha seat from Uttar Pradesh. Mr. Parrikar will file his nomination papers in Lucknow on Sunday. Soon after the Board meeting, Mr. Parrikar resigned as Chief Minister.
BJP vice-president Muktar Abbas Naqvi and general secretary J.P. Nadda are also in the reckoning.
Vijay Sampla, a first-time BJP MP from Hoshairpur in Punjab, Hansraj Ahir from Maharashtra, Ajay Tamta from Uttarakhand, Sudha Yadav from Haryana and Jayant Sinha, son of former Minister Yashwant Sinha, are almost certain to get a berth.
The TDP has named Y.S. Chowdary for induction into the Cabinet.
 

Deepika loved my bald look: RanveerSingh"She is very happy and excited about joining the shoot of the film... it will happen within a couple of months," said Ranveer.
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Mumbai | Posted: November 9, 2014 5:43 pm
Actor Ranveer Singh, who has a clean-shaven pete for “Bajirao Mastani”, says his co-star Deepika Padukone, also his rumoured ladylove, loved the look.
Asked how Deepika reacted to his new look, Ranveer said: “Deepika loved the look. I had shown her my pictures in costume. She is very happy and excited about joining the shoot of the film… it will happen within a couple of months.”
Directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali, “Bajirao Mastani” also featured Priyanka Chopra in a key role.
Is Ranveer himself used to seeing his hairless skull in the mirror?
“I felt nervous when I was in the car and on the way for my ‘mundan’ (head-shaving). But I have chosen to play Bajirao, who was a bald guy. Eight years ago, I had gone bald too, so it’s a welcome change. I like to do different things to keep myself amused and excited,” he said.
But Ranveer is also keeping a shendi — a tuft of hair left on top or on the back of the head.
“It will hopefully grow long by the end of the film! The shoot will take a year and Mr. Bhansali doesn’t want this look to become public. He has asked me to wear a hat whenever I go out,” said Ranveer.

Katheria s MoS elevation to help BJP in UP  Punjab | Sanwar Lal Jat- Raje confidantBJP
(The 50-year-old MP, who…)
NEW DELHI: A Ph.D holder and a writer with books on social issues and Dalit upliftment, among others, Dr Ram Shankar Katheria's elevation as a Minister of State in the BJP-led Union government is being seen as a move which would help the party in the states of UP and Punjab .
The 50-year-old MP, who is in his second stint in the House of the People, hails from Uttar Pradesh and is also the in-charge of the party's affairs for Punjab. Katheria won from the Agra (SC) constituency in the last Lok Sabha polls .
Educated at Kanpur University, Katheria holds an MA and a PhD. Among his various works are, 'Etawah Zile Ki Boliyan', 'Dalit Chetna Ki Avashyakata', 'Samajik Ekta Ki Avashyakata', and 'Dalit Sahitya Aur Nai Chunautiyan'.
In his first term as a Lok Sabha MP, Katheria was a member of several committees. He was a part of the Committee on Urban Development, Committee on Papers Laid on the Table, Committee on Petitions and also the Consultative Committee on Rural Development.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The Land Acquisition Act to be amended even without Oppositions support: ArunJaitleyPrint
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley addressing the launch of World Economic Forum's India Economic Summit in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 6:42 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 9:04 am
Finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Sunday that the government will amend the stringent land acquisition law, even without the support of the opposition.
In a speech here, hours ahead of the Cabinet reshuffle exercise, Jaitley also expressed hope that reforms, including the passage of long-pending Insurance Laws Amendment Bill that seeks to raise the FDI cap in the sector to 49 per cent, and the new indirect tax regime, Goods and Services Tax, will be rolled out in the coming months.
“Some changes may be necessary. We will first try to reach a consensus and if that is not possible we will go ahead and take the decision… We have opened up investments in various sectors. I do hope this (Winter) session I will be able to pass the Insurance Bill,” he said at the India Global Forum meeting here.
The Land Acquisition Act was passed during the previous UPA regime with the then opposition BJP supported it in Parliament. The Act provides for “fair compensation” for acquiring farm land for industrial projects. However, states and corporate have been demanding a relaxation in the law as, they argue, it has made acquisition very difficult and has hurt the process of acquiring land for infrastructure projects.
The minister said that the “obstacles” will have to be first removed in order to implement the concept of smart cities in India.
Further, promising a rational, non ultra-aggressive tax policy to make India a global manufacturing hub the minister said that the main challenge facing the country is restoring the confidence of investors in India’s economy.
“Economy was and is in a challenging situation and one of the principal challenges before us is to restore the confidence… expand economic activity and move towards increasing the growth rate… growth rate next year will be a little better and if the trend continues, India can be on high growth trajectory soon,” the finance minister added. Pointing out that the government’s disinvestment programme will unfold in the next couple of days, Jaitley said the Centre is aiming at bringing down its equity in public sector banks to 52 per cent.
Further, on the roll out of the GST, touted as the government’s most ambitious tax reform, he said that the Centre was in the final stages of talks with states on the issue and hinted that the Constitution Amendment Bill for introducing GST may be introduced in the upcoming session, which begins on November 24. “I do hope that my friends in the Opposition parties, particularly the principle Opposition, after a wasted opportunity when they were in government, spend a more fruitful tenure when they are in Opposition,” Jaitley added.

Small changes that make a big differenceBigg Boss 8
11 small diet changes to help you lose weight
Do you spend all your time and energy on working out, and still find yourself stuck with that stubborn fat that refuses to go away? Thing is, no matter how much you stress on your workout, a few nutritional mistakes can cause a major setback to your weight loss goals. And that is precisely what happens with stubborn fat. So, to get your weight loss goals to churn massive results, and your efforts to slim down pay up positively, all you need to do is bring in some small changes in your diet.
Here are a few secrets that can make all the difference in maximising your weight loss efforts and eliminating fat.
Also read:
Share 0
Do you spend all your time and energy on working out, and still find yourself stuck with that stubborn fat that refuses to go away? Thing is, no matter how much you stress on your workout, a few ... more 
Do you spend all your time and energy on working out, and still find yourself stuck with that stubborn fat that refuses to go away? Thing is, no matter how much you stress on your workout, a few nutritional mistakes can cause a major setback to your weight loss goals. And that is precisely what happens with stubborn fat. So, to get your weight loss goals to churn massive results, and your efforts to slim down pay up positively, all you need to do is bring in some small changes in your diet.
Here are a few secrets that can make all the difference in maximising your weight loss efforts and eliminating fat. less 
1 / 20

Rachel Maddow Has Some Good News For Non-Republicansreddit
In an attempt to soothe the worries of non-Republicans, MSNBC's Rachel Maddow opened her show Wednesday night by listing as many small Democratic victories from the midterm elections as she could think of.
Some of those victories include states that voted in favor of raising the minimum wage , legalizing marijuana , rejecting anti-abortion laws and providing paid sick leave .
But when Maddow ran out of "silver linings," as she called them, there was only one thing left she could do:
Feeling better?
More:

http://usat.ly/1xn1UM5EMAIL
Lucasfilm
The newest Star Wars movie just got a name: “The Force Awakens.” But investors don’t have to wait until the movie’s release in 2015 to see some major revivals of The Force.
There are 14 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including Monster Beverage (MNST) , Apple (AAPL) and heart disease treatment company Edwards Lifesciences (EW) that are getting some serious power back after losing it last year. Each of these stocks are up 25% or more this year — returning to their winning ways of 2012 after lagging in 2013.
All these stocks had the force in 2012, beating the market that year, lagged the market in 2013 — but are back with a vengeance in 2014. These stocks personify the indefatigable power of this raging bull market that investors have been enjoying. Even stocks that looked like they’ve finally run out of steam — are getting a second run.
Apple is perhaps the best example of a stock that petered out in 2013 — that’s striking back big time now. Some are even calling Apple the first risk-free stock . That might be overstating things a bit, but it’s hard to argue this stock is really lighting again. The maker of smartphones rose 5% in 2013, which underperformed the S&P 500’s 29.6% gain. That was quite a disappointment for investors, especially after Apple shares rose 31% in 2012 to absolutely blow away the S&P 500’s 13.4% gain that year. Well, Apple is back again. The stock is up nearly 36% this year, a stellar performance when the S&P 500 is up about 10%.
While not nearly as well known as Apple, Edwards Lifesciences is an even more dramatic example. Shares of the company that makes a variety of cardiovascular health products was a champ in 2012. That year, the stock rose nearly 28% while the S&P 500 rose 13.4%. But the stock suffered a financial arrest in 2013, falling 27.1%. It’s back now — and then some. Shares of Edwards are up a staggering 88% this year.
Whether these stocks can keep their momentum going is another questions. But on things’s for sure: The Force is strong with these stocks.
S&P 500 STOCKS UP 25% OR MORE THIS YEAR AFTER LAGGING THE MARKET IN 2013 AND BEATING IN 2012
Company

Most Wall Street Firms Still See Fed Rate Hike by June 2015: PollECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
New York: Wall Street's biggest banks remain convinced the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates by June 2015, a Reuters poll found, and economists also said the market was underestimating how aggressively the US central bank will tighten policy.
Fourteen of 19 primary dealers, or the banks that deal directly with the Fed, said they expect the first rate hike by June 2015, with borrowing costs rising to 1 per cent at the end of that year.
The survey results show that Wall Street's top economists were unmoved by a volatile sell-off last month and an October Fed statement that was viewed as hawkish.
In a survey taken in early October, 15 of 19 primary dealers also said the Fed would raise interest rates in June. Even in a separate survey done after stocks tumbled in a volatile week of trading last month, 24 of 47 economists still predicted a June rate hike.
The latest view, that the Fed would raise rates in seven months, comes after a strong October jobs report on Friday. The US economy added 214,000 jobs in October, the Labor Department said, and the unemployment rate fell to a six-year low at 5.8 per cent even as more people entered the labor force, a sign of a strengthening and resilient economy.
Eleven of 14 economists at these dealers also said the Fed will increase rates more aggressively than traders in the bond markets were pricing in US short-term interest rates futures Friday. Fed funds futures contracts on Friday suggested traders were pricing in a 34 percent probability of a rate hike for June 2015 and a 63 per cent probability in September 2015.
All but three of the 22 primary dealers participated in the latest survey.
The market selloff last month pushed some measures of US inflation lower, prompting investors to push back expectations of the first Fed rate increase to late in 2015 and even into 2016.
But markets quickly recovered and, last week, the central bank issued a confident-sounding policy statement following its October meeting that expressed confidence in the US economic recovery even as concerns mount over weak global growth. It also said underutilization of labor market resources was "gradually diminishing."
"The further drop in the unemployment rate does put a bit of pressure on (the Fed)," said UBS Securities economist Samuel Coffin. "It's pretty clear their change in tone on the labor market is coming a bit true - there is less slack."
The median forecast of 18 dealers for the federal funds rate at the end of next year was 1 per cent, compared with the median forecast of Fed policymakers of 1.38 per cent, according to projections from the central bank's October meeting.
The median forecast of 14 dealers for the federal funds rate at the end of 2016 was 2.5 per cent, compared with policymakers' median forecast of 2.88 per cent. By the end of 2017, 10 primary dealers projected a median federal funds rate of 3.5 per cent, while policymakers' median forecast was 3.75 per cent.
Since December 2008, the Fed has targeted a range of zero to 0.25 per cent for its key funds rate.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Brands strike the right cord at music festivalsBrands striking the right chord at music festivals
Recommend
Link
1 month 1 day ago, ET NOW
Brands such as Bacardi, Red Bull, Samsung, Mahindra and Harley-Davidson are deepening their association with music festivals across the nation to sharpen their youth connect. Watch the video to find out how brands are finding newer ways to relate themselves to the youth at these gatherings and how are the youth reacting to their efforts.
More on ET NOW:
Ani - Sat 6 Dec, 2014 10:09 AM IST
LATEST ET NOW VIDEOS
Terms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

Remembrance Sunday: lest we remember© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8ecc4650-6676-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Taylor Swift wont give her music away for freeA star who dimmed Spotify’s fortunes
Ludovic Hunter-Tilney
Singer’s lyrics conceal a shrewd mind and a pursuit of profit, writes Ludovic Hunter-Tilney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d46c76e0-6526-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Making money in age of machinesMaking money in an age of machines
Merryn Somerset Webb
Robots are increasingly performing tasks once done by humans
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1272f39c-6667-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Brecon Beacons offers low-cost living within a national park© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a2884a2e-5f8a-11e4-986c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reducing immigration will cost BritainIf we reduce immigration then it will cost the rest of Britain
John McDermott
The question of whether immigrants are ‘benefit tourists’ is urgent, writes John McDermott
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f304b0ea-6526-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Summer of St Martin in SicilyThe ‘Summer of St Martin’ in Sicily
Rebecca Rose
As the cold takes hold in northern Europe, Rebecca Rose finds warm weather, wine and wild mushrooms in the southern Mediterranean
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29df913c-6420-11e4-8ade-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Britney Spears posts selfie with newbeauThe 32-year-old singer has posted the selfie with Ebersol on her Instagram page. (Source: Twitter)
By: Indo-Asian News Service | Los Angeles | Posted: November 9, 2014 5:50 pm
Singer Britney Spears has taken to a social media platform to post a selfie featuring herself with producer and writer Charlie Ebersol, whom she is reportedly dating.
The 32-year-old singer has posted the selfie with Ebersol on her Instagram page, reports eonline.com.
In the photograph, Spears looks happy as she flashes her pearly whites, while Ebersol is seen wearing a classy collared shirt and knit sweater.
The pop star’s romance rumours surfaced just over two months after her break-up from former boyfriend David Lucado.

World Chess Championship: Anand vs Carlsen game 2 liveCrossing the line: Mamata takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language use.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Induction of Nadda  Rudy may lead to organisational changes in BJPCrossing the line: Mamata takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language use.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Jaitley talks tough on Pak s ceasefire violationJaitley talks tough on Pak's ceasefire violation
PTI  New Delhi, November 09, 2014
First Published: 13:19 IST(9/11/2014) | Last Updated: 17:28 IST(9/11/2014)
In a stern warning to Pakistan, India said on Sunday cannot be a dialogue with Islamabad if ceasefire violations are repeated.
 
"...if repeated ceasefire violations take place then environment for dialogue itself suffers," defence minister Arun Jaitley, who also holds the finance portfolio, said at the India Global Forum meeting in Delhi.
 
"Yes, there should be a dialogue. We will welcome it but then the environment for dialogue has to be created by both countries. One of them cannot upset the environment and then say why dialogue is not taking place," Jaitley said.
 
The dialogue process was derailed after Pakistan envoy met Kashmiri separatists just a day before the foreign secretary level talks in August.
 
"When we further the discussions (after swearing-in invitation) it was through foreign secretary dialogue, this was responded to by an immediate invite to the separatists particularly keeping in mind elections in J-K at the doorsteps. Now this we found completely unacceptable..." he said.
 
Noting that there are issues in Kashmir, Jaitley said the Valley had been by and large peaceful. "We are expecting a peaceful elections in the valley notwithstanding efforts to disturb the environment."  
He also praised the armed forces for showing exemplary courage in rescue and relief operations during the recent floods in the state.
 
With regard to the border issue in the eastern region, Jaitley said India is keen for expediting the process to resolve the matter.
 
"As far as China is concerned, our economic relationship continues to grow, there are a lot of mutual investments in both countries and there are huge trade between two countries," he said.
 
"But then we have a pending issue of settlement of boundary itself and the commission appointed in 2003 for that purpose; we do hope it functions now expeditiously. We (will) continue to have a meaningful dialogue with them," he added.

Suresh Prabhu joins BJP after Sena skips Modi CabinetexpansionPrint
President Pranab Mukherjee shakes hands with the new Cabinet minister Suresh Prabhu after administering him oath of office at the swearing-in ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Sunday. (PTI photo)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 5:56 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 6:56 pm
Former Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu Sunday formally joined the BJP before being sworn in as Cabinet Minister in the first expansion of the Narendra Modi government.
Prabhu, who was Power Minister in the Atal Behari Vajpayee-led previous NDA government, received the party’s primary membership in the morning and was welcomed by senior party leaders.
The 61-year-old banker-politician was a Shiv Sena leader and joins at a time when there is simmering tension between the Sena and the BJP amid talk that Uddhav Thackeray will pull his party out of the government at the Centre and play the role of opposition in Maharashtra.
READ: ‘BJP, Sena don’t stand for Hindus in sense… All those who believe in India are Hindu
Prabhu has been appointed as Modi’s ‘sherpa’ to assist the Prime Minister at the upcoming G20 summit in Brisbane.
During Vajpayee’s tenure from 1998 to 2004, Prabhu was Industry Minister, Minister of Environment and Forests, Minister of Fertilizers & Chemicals, Power, Heavy Industry and Public Enterprises.
Prabhu has represented the Rajapur Lok Sabha constituency in Konkan four times, from 1996 to 2009. He lost his seat in the 2009 general election. This is the same constituency which late Janata Party leader Madhu Dandavate had represented.
Prabhu’s decision to call off his visit to Wharton School as a mark of protest against the cancellation of Modi’s keynote address at the Wharton India Economic Forum 2013 won him accolades from BJP.
Later in the day, Congress leader Karan Singh’s younger son Ajatshatru Singh joined the BJP in the presence of BJP chief Amit Shah. The grandson of Jammu’s erstwhile king Maharaja Hari Singh joins the BJP ahead of assembly elections in the state starting November 25 and may contest from Nagrota.

To teacher  with loveUpdated: November 9, 2014 19:23 IST
To teacher, with love
human interest
Students and faculty of St. Francis Degree College recall fond memories of Sr. Valeria D’Silva, who touched many lives
St. Francis College for Women, Hyderabad mourned the passing away of Sr. Valeria D’Silva, a much loved teacher and Founder- Head of the Department of Psychology on November 6 at the age of 74.
Thos who worked with her closely described Sr. Valeria was one of the finest human beings.She was a friend, collaborator and gentle mentor — all rolled into one, for her students and colleagues. Tributes paid to her included words like unassuming, role model, helpful, friendly, counselor, cheerful, empathetic, leader, guide, modest, favourite teacher, out-of-the-box thinker….
She served as faculty and Head, Department of Psychology, St. Francis College from 1973 to 1998. She was also the pioneer in initiating the Department of Social Work at St. Francis College in 1995. A multi-faceted person, she was well known for her effective communication and powerful oratory. A much in demand public speaker in the areas of Psychological Counselling, Language and Religion, she was never seen without a smile on her face.
The Psychology community in the city is impoverished by her death. Her infectiousenthusiasm, knowledge, intuitive grasp of matters and her friendly wit will be sorely missed by all.

The top 10 bowlers in World Cup historyLATEST PHOTOS
The Top 10 Bowlers In World Cup History
Although the limited over format has increasingly become a batsman's game, the import of bowlers in World Cups can only be understated. Here's a look at the men with the most wickets across the ten editions, from the wily McGrath to the unplayable Akram to, of course, our very own Zaheer and Srinath.
This is the second in our series Counting Down to the ICC World Cup.
10. Brad Hogg (Australia)
34 wickets from 21 matches, BB 4/27, ER 4.19, 4WI 2
A member of Australia's triumphant 2003 and 2007 campaigns, the left-arm chinaman bowlers is one of only 15 players to have won the Cup more than once. In fact, he has as many World Cup wickets as Imran Khan, in seven matches lesser than the great Pathan.
10. Brad Hogg (Australia)
34 wickets from 21 matches, BB 4/27, ER 4.19, 4WI 2
A member of Australia's triumphant 2003 and 2007 campaigns, the left-arm chinaman bowlers is one of only 15 players to have won the Cup more than once. In fact, he has as many World Cup wickets as Imran Khan, in seven matches lesser than the great Pathan.
No live matches are in progress.
vs.
Sri Lanka vs England, 4th ODI
13 hours ago
The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 4:42 PM IST
The best players always bring their 'A' game to big tournaments. And it surely doesn't get bigger than the World Cup. In the 10 editions of the premier event so far, several batsmen have used their willows to write themselves into the history books. Here's a ranking - in reverse order … More » The Top 10 Batsmen In World Cup History
Down the ages: India in Australia
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:14 PM IST
In 10 trips to Australia, India have never managed to win a series, although thrice they have averted losing it. A look at the series results along with the men who have led India Down Under.
Australia vs India — strengths and weaknesses
Fri 5 Dec, 2014 2:36 PM IST
Analysis of Australia and India squad before the four-Test series, which starts in Adelaide on Tuesday. [Text: Reuters]
India vs Cricket Australia
Thu 4 Dec, 2014 10:44 AM IST
Action images from India's two-day tour game versus Cricket Australia played on December 4 and 5, 2015 at Adelaide. More » India vs Cricket Australia
Tears and tributes flow for Phillip Hughes
Wed 3 Dec, 2014 1:38 PM IST
Selected quotes from eulogies and tributes to Phillip Hughes on Wednesday as Australia bid farewell to the cricketer at his funeral in his hometown of Macksville, New South Wales.
3rd Test: Pakistan vs New Zealand
Sun 30 Nov, 2014 6:08 PM IST
Phil Hughes: Tributes
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 11:59 AM IST
The tragic death of batsman Phil Hughes from a freakish on-field accident brought the entire cricket community together in an immense outpouring of grief. A look at some of the tributes to the deceased.
Sri Lanka vs England, 2nd ODI
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 12:33 PM IST
India train at Adelaide Oval
Sat 29 Nov, 2014 8:53 AM IST
As the cricket universe struggled for composure in the aftermath of Phil Hughes shocking passing away, the Indians moved to the Adelaide Oval, the venue of their cancelled tour game, for a practice session on November 29, 2014. More » India train at Adelaide Oval
Bangladesh vs Zimbabwe, 4th ODI
Fri 28 Nov, 2014 5:07 PM IST
Remembering Phil Hughes
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 4:19 PM IST
The young Australian batsman would have turned 26 on November 30, 2014. Alas, a freak incident on the field of play on November 25 cut short his life. Here's a look at some pictures from the talented and zestful southpaw's life and times.
Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Thu 27 Nov, 2014 11:38 AM IST
Australia cricketer Phillip Hughes passed away on November 27, 2014 in Sydney following a head injury he had incurred in a Sheffield Shield match on November 25. During this game … More » Cricket world reacts to Phil Hughes’ death
Today on Yahoo

No whiff of political tension at oath-takingThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Three Indians arrested with banned Indian currency in KathmanduThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

BJP may face talent crunch  with leaders now in Team ModiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

MARKET SNAPSHOT: Retail Earnings To Test Those...Thank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

No new Shiv Sena minister  Uddhav may pull out of Modi govtThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

TMC slams BJP for inducting Babul as a  helpless  MoSThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

N Korea s Kim out of sight as official worked to freeThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Canada PM says raised case of detained couple with China s XiThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Sbi is going to split by nov 21st. reconsider your message.Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Perfect timing to enter a k capital. i am planning to increase my stak...Platinum Member
514 Followers
Perfect timing to enter A K capital. I am planning to increase my stake with SIP. One more suggestion, you can consider Dewan housing finance and PTC india finance. They have potential of multi bagger. I am invested in PTC india fin and looking to enter into Dewan. You can treat this as boarder of the day treat.
7.31 PM Nov 9th  | Track

18 hours in a day of sincere and dedicated attachment with u....happy ...Platinum Member
1337 Followers
18 hours in a day of sincere and dedicated attachment with u.... Happy birth day... Wishing all beloved mmb team on great event of 15th birthday celebrations. Long long.. Long live.. Long live..
In reply to : MMB Messenger message
7.31 PM Nov 9th

Call of 140 rock open interest seen very high heavy long build upCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Pakistan seeks $2bn from privatisationsPakistan seeks $2bn from privatisations
By Farhan Bokhari in Islamabad
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/029b3250-487a-11e4-ad19-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Crisis hits Iraqs ability to pay for warIraq’s soaring public spending hits war financing
By Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6899df06-5082-11e4-9822-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Isis makes substantial gains  says generalIsis makes ‘substantial gains’, says general
Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/46c20940-54b9-11e4-b2ea-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Iraq appoints new security chiefsIraq appoints new security chiefs
Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/01c98af6-56e0-11e4-a45c-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cheryle Jackson talks about when cancer made her cry0
Jackson detected the lump herself in the summer of 2012, six months before she was diagnosed. Initially, after a mammogram and ultrasound, she was told it was benign and to monitor it.
"But I was pretty persistent, because it was bringing friends," Jackson said, laughing now at the thought of the additional lumps.
Jackson has a great, big laugh.
"You know, who wants to rush to have cancer?" she said, the laughing now becoming uncontrollable. "When the experts tell you you don't have cancer, you're like, 'phew.' But at an annual physical, thank God, my primary care physician (a different doctor) was like, 'C.J., you have to go see a specialist right away.'"
She arrived at the Lynn Sage Comprehensive Breast Center for tests, and the women there were clearly sick.
"The older, mother hen of the room loved to talk," Jackson said. "And she loved to talk about Syria, Rev. (Jesse) Jackson, Rev. (Al) Sharpton. She was an expert on everything. ... And I'm the only one left in the room, and she was very chatty. And I'm like, 'Oh, I'm not in here for that. I'm different from y'all. I'm just getting a test.'"
Jackson remembers the woman looking the tall, trim former political candidate up and down, in a slow scan, and saying very slowly yet bitterly, "Well... God bless... Then."
"She was going to let me have my denial," Jackson said.
It didn't hit her until she began planning for a radical mastectomy and went to see her plastic surgeon. She underwent her last of four surgeries in February, taking three, four- to six-week leaves from work for recovery in the span of a little more than a year.
"They open up a reality-check book," Jackson said, laughing at her nickname for it. "This is not a boob job! This is your reality. Images from single, double, radical mastectomies. It was so jarring."
And that's when she cried.

Golin CEO Fred Cook wants to go all inGolin CEO Fred Cook wants to go all in
McDonald's
McDonald's sign in front of American flag.
McDonald's sign in front of American flag. (Joe Raedle, Getty Images)
By Janet Kidd Stewart, Chicago Tribune
CEO: Don't fear the unconventional path
On remaking an agency and a skill set
As McDonald's prepared to report a big drop in quarterly profits, its longtime Chicago PR agency of record was moving to address the elephant under the golden arches.
Behind the scenes of the burger behemoth's "Our Food. Your Questions" online campaign, a dozen staffers at Golin's Bridge — a social media hub — were taking queries via Twitter, responding to consumer questions about the quality of the chain's food.
So far, the campaign, launched in mid-October about a week before McDonald's reported a 30 percent drop in third-quarter profits, has generated mixed consumer reviews. But it's clearly a bold move to address what's plaguing McDonald's: Quick-service competitors touting healthier offerings are eating into its bottom line.
And bold moves are what Golin CEO Fred Cook, who turned 65 in May, is all about these days.
  Open link
The motorcycle-riding, former hotel doorman and his team at the firm formerly known as GolinHarris, a unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies, have spent the past three years realigning the agency's organization chart and talent. Instead of promoting highly creative people to account management jobs, the "g4" initiative separated Golin employees into four distinct centers responsible for account acquisition and management, media (including social media) engagement, content creation and data analytics.
This summer, the agency shortened its name to Golin, adding the tag line "Go All In" to reflect the new g4 structure and a commitment to winning business in new areas.
Cook also penned a book this year — "Improvise: Unconventional Career Advice from an Unlikely CEO" — chronicling his early path from hanging out in pool halls, doing odd jobs and eventually being a substitute teacher to middle and high school students in inner city Los Angeles. He followed up the book with presentations on about 40 college campuses and to PR industry groups, advocating a sort of Jack Kerouac approach to hitting the road and finding a career.
"He's masterful at hiring and retaining wonderful people," says Reggie Fils-Aime, president of Nintendo of America, another longtime client. "He also has a wealth of creativity, new ideas and new twists to help us communicate."
On a recent weekday, Cook took a few questions. Here is an edited transcript:
Q: The g4 effort began in 2011. Are we there yet?
0
A: We aren't anything like we were three years ago. Revenue from new sources is up because of our broader scope of work. We're doing a lot more social media now. We were improvising from the beginning because we didn't have anybody to copy. We didn't have any books to read that said, 'Here's how you transform a modern public relations agency.' We didn't have any consultants who had done this before. We were really figuring it out as we went along and we're still improvising, still changing things. We're always playing it by ear. What I learned in my life and the way I lived my life — exploring and taking risks — is exactly what I'm trying to do with this company. I think more people need to do that because things are changing so fast, if you can't keep up you just get left behind.
Q: Improvisational actors have exercises they use to limber up before performances. Is there something similar in what you describe as Improvisational Leadership?
A: We do crisis simulations. You go into their facility and can simulate these crises and document how people act. So we're creating a scenario and allowing people to feel what it's like to make decisions under pressure, so when something does happen they'll be more comfortable and more accustomed to the pressure.
Q: Crisis PR is certainly not new. What is different about this approach?
A: What's different today is that you have to respond much, much faster and across multiple channels — a website, a press conference, Twitter, Facebook or some combination of those.
Q: Can you give an example?
A: On the Bridge we do real time marketing and engagement. An opportunity comes up and requires somebody to respond quickly. So we have a team in place there — media people — creators who can do copy at the drop of a hat so a client can respond almost immediately. The secret is getting clients conditioned to approve copy in a short amount of time, as opposed to saying the legal department will review this and get back to you. That doesn't really work.
Q: Of course winging it can create loose cannons and PR nightmares. How do you execute this without shooting your client in the foot?
A: You still have to be thoughtful and exercise good judgment and incorporate different opinions. Don't lash out the moment something happens. Our research has shown that in real time conversations, you have four hours to respond to be relevant as part of that conversation. So you don't have time for focus groups and opinion polls to find out what you should be saying or doing and so you do have to improvise, but not instantly. There's still time to process it, but not very much. A lot of companies aren't accustomed to operating in real time and I think future leaders have to be comfortable on their feet and making decisions in real time.
Q: What kind of reaction are you getting on campus?
A: I spoke to about 100 students at University of Florida recently and when I told them my story a few came up to me afterward and they said they're relieved because they understand there may be more than one path to be successful. And mine was such a crazy one they feel like they might be OK.
Q: Any tips for midcareer innovators?
A: When I got my first job in PR I was 36, so I'm very sympathetic to people trying to start a new career later. Try not to be discouraged. A lot of times I tell them how I tried interviewing for these entry-level jobs and it was kind of a humiliating experience so I started my own firm. Don't just apply for jobs. Go out and do it on your own even if it's unpaid so you can gain some experience and seem like a more viable candidate.
Q: How about for folks taking leadership roles?
I had been in our LA office 15 years when I volunteered to move here. The president had left and I wasn't the new president. I didn't have anyone reporting to me, nobody knew the plan and my title was chief client officer. I had gone from being in charge of a region to a position that wasn't clear to me or to the people here. I just started helping out on campaigns where I could and after a year I had helped win some business, including the Visa business, and people began to trust me and see that I added value. (Since taking the CEO job in 2003) I've tried to preserve the nice-guy, family-oriented culture here but also make the hard choices to win more business. We're nice guys who will kick your ass.

American Hero Eats At Olive Garden 95 Times In 6 Weeksreddit
In September Olive Garden unleashed the $100 limited edition Never Ending Pasta Pass , which guaranteed purchasers seven weeks of unlimited pasta, bread and soda.
The passes sold out within 2 hours . And when Alan Martin was one of the lucky 1,000 people to score one, he decided to put it to good use.
Martin has managed to eat two meals a day for 6 weeks -- that comes out to 95 meals so far -- at his local Olive Garden in Burlington, North Carolina.
Just a waitress and the legend himself, having fun!
“I would love to be the person that ate the most of the 1,000 people," Martin told My Fox 8 . "That would be a good contest to win ... because that means I got the most value out of the card of anyone in the United States.”
This is the kind of thing this guy has been eating twice a day.
We hate to burst Martin's bubble, but he's got some serious competition. Fremont, California passholder Robbie Porter had eaten at Olive Garden 60 times by October 23, according to CNBC, and a North Dakota man named Vino pledged to eat only Olive Garden for the entire duration of the 49-day Never Ending Pasta Pass promotion , which ends November 9.
Hey, who doesn't love a good deal?
"I can't believe I get to eat like this every day," said Martin, who told My Fox 8 he's consumed $1,510 worth in meals so far. "This is great."
Here are just some of his 95 receipts.
Based on this head-shake of satisfaction, we don't think he's lying either:
More:

Minimum Wage Raise Passes In 4 GOP StatesMinimum Wage Raise Passes In Four GOP States
Posted:
reddit
Voters in four red states approved ballot initiatives to raise their state minimum wages on Tuesday, sending another message to Washington that Americans support a higher wage floor.
Binding minimum wage referendums were on the ballot in Arkansas, Nebraska, Alaska and South Dakota on Tuesday, with polls suggesting ahead of election day that all would pass.
Arkansas voters approved their initiative by a 65-to-35 margin , according to early returns. The measure will increase the minimum wage incrementally to $8.50 per hour by 2017. Nebraska voters, meanwhile, approved their initiative, which will raise the minimum wage to $9 by 2016, by a 62-to-38 margin.
Alaskans voted by a 69-to-31 margin to raise their minimum wage from $7.75 to $9.75 an hour by 2016, and then peg it to an inflation index so that it rises with the cost of living. South Dakota voted 55-45 to raise their minimum wage from $7.25 to $8.50 next year. It will also be indexed thereafter.
The federal minimum wage is just $7.25 per hour and hasn't been raised since 2009, though states have the option of setting their own minimum wages instead. Arkansas and Nebraska will now join 24 other states that are slated to have a higher wage floor than the federal level next year.
Raising the minimum wage is extremely popular among Americans, with 70 percent of respondents to a recent poll saying they back the idea. That support tends to cross party lines, even if Democrats are more enthusiastic about the idea than Republicans.
Supporting minimum wage increases became so fashionable during this midterm election season that even some Republican candidates got behind the ballot initiatives. After discouraging such a raise earlier this year, Dan Sullivan, the Republican challenger to Sen. Mark Begich (D-Alaska), eventually said that he would vote in favor of the Alaska measure. Rep. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), who unseated Sen. Mark Pryor (D-Ark.) on Tuesday, slowly came around to say he would do the same for the initiative in Arkansas.
Given the broad public support, progressive and labor groups in recent years have made a point of putting minimum wage referendums on the ballot at the state and city level. By going to the ballot box, minimum wage backers are able to bypass reluctant state legislatures, particularly those led by Republicans, and put the vote to what is often a more sympathetic audience.
Recent polls in Arkansas, Alaska and South Dakota all showed support for the minimum wage ballot measures, even though the legislatures in those states are GOP-controlled. Nebraska, though solidly red, does not formally recognize state lawmakers' party affiliation.
Minimum wage increases have been a bright spot for organized labor recently, as unions -- and the Service Employees International Union in particular -- have spearheaded the campaign to raise wages in fast food and retail. Low-wage worker strikes have gained national attention.
President Barack Obama has cited the fast-food strikes in calling on Congress to hike the federal minimum wage. Democrats in both chambers have proposed raising the wage to $10.10 per hour and tying it to an inflation index. House Republicans, however, haven't brought the measure up for a vote, and Senate Democrats haven't rounded up enough votes to overcome a GOP filibuster.
This story was updated after wage increases passed in Alaska and South Dakota.
live blog

FT Series: Silver EconomyThe Silver Economy
By 2050 those aged over 65 will outnumber children under five. This FT series looks at how that demographic shift is creating a new and powerful consumer class
Baby boomers spend the inheritance
ft.com
Baby boomers spend the inheritance
ft.com
The Silver Economy: Travel industry flags up rise in family holidays
ft.com
The Silver Economy: Seniors put ‘slippers and cocoa’ image to bed
ft.com
Create new
Make this a private magazine
{"lang":"en","locale":"en-US","TIME_AGO_FORMAT_JUST_NOW":"Just now","TIME_AGO_FORMAT_MINUTE":{"one":"%d minute ago","other":"%d minutes ago"},"TIME_AGO_FORMAT_HOUR":{"one":"%d hour ago","other":"%d hours ago"},"TIME_AGO_FORMAT_DAY":{"one":"%d day ago","other":"%d days ago"},"TIME_AGO_FORMAT_WEEK":{"one":"%d week ago","other":"%d weeks ago"},"TIME_AGO_FORMAT_MONTH":{"one":"%d month ago","other":"%d months ago"},"TIME_AGO_FORMAT_YEAR":{"one":"%d year ago","other":"%d years ago"},"TIME_FORMAT_MINUTE":{"one":"%d minute","other":"%d minutes"},"TIME_FORMAT_HOUR":{"one":"%d hour","other":"%d hours"},"TIME_FORMAT_DAY":{"one":"%d day","other":"%d days"},"TIME_FORMAT_WEEK":{"one":"%d week","other":"%d weeks"},"TIME_FORMAT_MONTH":{"one":"%d month","other":"%d months"},"TIME_FORMAT_YEAR":{"one":"%d year","other":"%d years"},"liked_this_inline_n_person_format":"%d like","liked_this_inline_n_people_format":"%d likes","comment_single_inline_format":"%d comment","comments_multiple_inline_format":"%d comments","REFLIP_SINGLE_INLINE_FORMAT":"%d reflip","REFLIPS_MULTIPLE_INLINE_FORMAT":"%d reflips","retweeted_this_inline_n_person_format":"%d retweet","retweeted_this_inline_n_people_format":"%d retweets","plus_oned_this_inline_n_people_format":"+%d","SECTION_COVER_PHOTO_ATTRIBUTION_FORMAT":"Photo: %s","ERROR_GENERAL_HEADER":"Oops, something went wrong…","ERROR_GENERAL_TEXT":"Unfortunately we could not find any content, or encountered an error.","cancel_button":"Cancel","ok_button":"OK","close_button":"Close","flag_inappropriate":"Report","flag_inappropriate_confirm_title":"Report?","flag_inappropriate_confirm_message":"This item will be hidden and flagged for review by the Flipboard team.","flag_inappropriate_confirm_button":"Report","hidden_item_text_marked_inappropriate":"Reported","under_construction_title":"Flipboard Not Available","under_construction_msg":"Flipboard is undergoing maintenance. Please try again later. For the latest status, follow @FlipboardStatus on Twitter.","DOWNLOAD_FLIPBOARD_TEXT":"Download Flipboard for free","DOWNLOAD_FLIPBOARD_DEVICES_TEXT":"for the iPad, iPhone, Android, Kindle Fire & NOOK.","APP_STORE_ALT_TEXT":"Available on the App Store","GOOGLE_PLAY_ALT_TEXT":"Get it on Google Play","GET_LINK_SMS_EMAIL":"Get the free download link via SMS or Email","INVALID_PHONE_EMAIL":"Your phone number or email is invalid","SUBMIT_SUCCESS":"Your submission was successful!","sign_in_vc_title_format":"Sign in to %s","sign_in":"Sign In","N_MAGAZINES":"%d magazines","create_magazine_error_title":"Error","create_magazine_error_message":"Unable to create your magazine. Please try again later.","FLIP_ERROR_TITLE":"Flip Error","FLIP_ERROR_GENERIC":"Sorry, could not flip this item. Please try again later.","flipped_into_format":"Flipped into %1$s","SERVER_UNABLE_TO_SERVICE_YOUR_REQUEST":"The server is temporarily unable to service your request. Please try again later.","PLEASE_SIGN_IN":"Please sign in","SIGN_IN_PROMPT":"Sign in to Flipboard to save your favorite stories, photos and videos from across the web.","ERROR":"Error","share_button":"Share","SHARE_EMAILTO_SUBJECT":"You might like %1 on Flipboard","SHARE_EMAILTO_BODY":"Check out %1 by %2","SHARE_ON_TITLE":"Share on:","LINK_TITLE":"Link:","section_cover_by_format":"By %1$s","section_name_on_flipboard_format":"%s on Flipboard","SHARE_EMAILTO_PROFILE_BODY":"Check out %1","SECTION_COVER_BY_X_AND_N_OTHER_PERSON_FORMAT":"By %1$s and %2$d other","SECTION_COVER_BY_X_AND_N_OTHERS_FORMAT":"By %1$s and %2$d others","SECTION_COVER_BY_X_AND_X_FORMAT":"By %1$s and %2$s","SECTION_COVER_BY_X_SINGULAR_FORMAT":"By %1$s","add_section_to_toc_button_label":"Follow","add_section_to_toc_added_label":"Following","SECTION_SUBSCRIBED_TOAST_MESSAGE_FORMAT":"Following!\\nStories from %1$s will also appear in %2$s","cover_stories_section_name":"Cover Stories","loading":"Loading…","toc_no_items_error_msg":"No content","no_items":"No items.","ENTER_PHONE_EMAIL":"Enter phone number or email","Send":"Send","EC_THE_END":"the end","EC_SOMETHING_ELSE":"Looking for something else to read?","EC_DOWNLOAD_FLIPBOARD":"Download our mobile app for the full Flipboard experience. Catch up on the news, discover amazing things from around the world, and stay connected to the people closest to you—all in one place.","SIGN_IN_TO_FLIPBOARD_TITLE":"Sign in to Flipboard","LEAVE_A_COMMENT":"Leave a comment","ADD_A_MESSAGE":"Add a message","SIGN_OUT_LINK":"Sign Out","SIGN_OUT_LINK_TOOLTIP":"Sign out from Flipboard","already_have_an_account":"Already have an account?","flipboard_account_title":"Flipboard Account","add_more_search_title":"Search","quick_search_content_section_subtitle":"Browse stories, images and videos","flip_ui_title":"Flip this into…","back_button":"Back","SSO_CONNECT_WITH_FACEBOOK_BUTTON":"Connect with Facebook","fl_account_sign_up_title":"Create Account","OR_SIGNUP_USING_YOUR_EMAIL_CREDENTIALS":"Or sign up using your email credentials","Username":"Username","Password":"Password","OR_DIVIDER_TEXT":"OR","DONE_BUTTON":"Done","first_launch_pick":"Pick some content to get started","first_launch_pick_subtitle":"You can always edit or add more later.","sign_up_button":"Sign Up","generic_login_err_msg":"Couldn’t log in to your account. Please try again later.","LOGIN_NOT_UNIQUE_EMAIL":"Multiple accounts exist for this email address. Please log in with your username instead.","SIGNIN_NO_USERNAME_MSG":"No Flipboard account exists with this username or email address. You can sign up instead, or contact support@flipboard.com for help.","SIGNIN_ERROR_MSG":"Couldn’t sign in. Please check your username or password.","SIGNIN_EXISTING_FACEBOOK_ACCOUNT_MSG":"It looks like you’ve previously signed up with Facebook connect. Please sign in using Facebook.","SIGNIN_EXISTING_ANONYMOUS_ACCOUNT_MSG":"It looks like you’ve used this Facebook account to customize your Flipboard, but didn’t create a Flipboard account. You can create a new Flipboard account with these Facebook credentials now, but it will not have the subscriptions and settings from your other device. To sync your previous settings, create a Flipboard account on your other device, then sign in on this device. You can contact support@flipboard.com for help.","SIGNIN_MULTIPLE_EXISTING_ANONYMOUS_ACCOUNT_MSG":"It looks like you’ve used this Facebook account to customize your Flipboard on multiple devices, but didn’t create a Flipboard account. You can create a new Flipboard account with these Facebook credentials now, but it will not have the subscriptions and settings from your other device. To sync your previous settings, create a Flipboard account on your other device, then sign in on this device. You can contact support@flipboard.com for help.","SIGNIN_EXISTING_FLIPBOARD_ACCOUNT_MSG":"It looks like you already have a Flipboard account associated with this email address. Please sign in instead.","fl_account_full_name_label":"Full Name","fl_account_email_label":"Email","fl_account_reason_taken":"Already taken","more_button":"More","from":"From","next_button":"Next","appwidget_v2_tagline":"Your Personal Magazine","section_cover_inside":"Inside","COVER_TAGLINE":"Your Personal Magazine","COVER_DESCRIPTION":"A single place to discover and share the news you care about.","FORGOTTEN_YOUR_PASSWORD":"Forgot your password?","SEARCH_RESULTS_MORE_LABEL":"More results","SEARCH_FOR_FORMAT":"Search for ’%s’","TwitterDisplayName":"Twitter","FacebookDisplayName":"Facebook","GooglePlusDisplayName":"Google+","GoogleReaderDisplayName":"Google Reader","LinkedInDisplayName":"LinkedIn","InstagramDisplayName":"Instagram","FlickrDisplayName":"Flickr","TumblrDisplayName":"Tumblr","500pxDisplayName":"500px","SinaWeiboDisplayName":"Sina Weibo","RenrenDisplayName":"Renren","SoundCloudDisplayName":"SoundCloud","YouTubeDisplayName":"YouTube","NYTDisplayName":"New York Times","FinancialTimesDisplayName":"Financial Times","FlipboardDisplayName":"Flipboard","CREATE_MAGAZINE_LIGHTBOX_TITLE":"Create New Magazine","EDIT_MAGAZINE_LIGHTBOX_TITLE":"Edit Magazine","MAGAZINE_SELECT_A_CATEGORY":"Select a category","edit_magazine_title_placeholder":"Magazine Title","edit_magazine_description_placeholder":"Magazine Description (optional)","edit_magazine_private_magazine_switch_title":"Let everyone see my magazine","CATEGORY":"Category","MagazineCategoryTech":"Tech","MagazineCategoryNewsAndPolitics":"News & Politics","MagazineCategoryPhotography":"Photography","MagazineCategoryDesign":"Design","MagazineCategorySports":"Sports","MagazineCategoryFilm":"Film & Video","MagazineCategoryAutosAndVehicles":"Autos & Vehicles","MagazineCategoryGaming":"Gaming","MagazineCategoryHome":"Home","MagazineCategoryScience":"Science","MagazineCategoryBusiness":"Business","MagazineCategoryLifestyle":"Lifestyle","MagazineCategoryFood":"Food","MagazineCategoryStyle":"Style","MagazineCategoryTravelAndPlaces":"Travel & Places","MagazineCategoryMusic":"Music","MagazineCategoryHealth":"Health","MagazineCategoryEntertainment":"Entertainment","MagazineCategoryPetsAndAnimals":"Pets & Animals","MagazineCategoryComedy":"Comedy","MagazineCategoryKidsAndParenting":"Kids & Parenting","MagazineCategoryEducationAndNonprofit":"Education & Nonprofit","MagazineCategoryArtsAndCrafts":"Arts & Crafts","MagazineCategoryEclectic":"Eclectic","MagazineCategoryShopping":"Shopping","MagazineCategoryOther":"Other","confirm_sign_out_msg_format":"This will completely remove your %s account from Flipboard.","confirm_sign_out_title_format":"Sign Out of %s?","confirm_sign_out_msg_flipboard":"You can always access your content by signing back in.","CONFIRM_EMAIL_ALERT_MEG":"Please check your email to confirm your email address!","generic_social_error_message_generic":"Sorry, unable to perform this action. Please try again later.","CREATE_ACCOUNT_GENERIC_ERROR_MSG":"Could not create account. Please try again later.","SPONSORED_TITLE":"Promoted","social_comments_header":"Comments","session_expired_message_format":"Please log in to %s","login_button":"Log In","notifications":"Notifications","fss_accounts":"Accounts","updating_account":"Updating account…","reply_to_error_generic":"Sorry, could not reply to item. Please try again later.","sending":"Sending…","SHARE_BUTTON":"Flip","toc_refresh_accessibility_label":"Refresh","UNSUBSCRIBE_BUTTON_TEXT":"Unsubscribe","action_sheet_promote_to_cover":"Promote to Cover","action_sheet_reset_cover":"Reset Cover","reset_cover_alert_title":"Reset Cover?","reset_cover_alert_message":"Are you sure you want to reset to the default covers?","reset_cover_button":"Reset","DELETE_MAGAZINE_TOOLTIP":"Delete magazine","delete_section_alert_title":"Delete magazine?","delete_section_alert_message_format":"Are you sure you want to delete “%s”?","flip_error_delete_failed":"Sorry, could not delete this item. Please try again later.","edit_button":"Edit","remove_button":"Remove","action_sheet_remove":"Remove from Magazine","CONFIRM_REMOVE_ITEM_TITLE":"Remove From Magazine?","CONFIRM_REMOVE_ITEM_MESSAGE":"The item will be removed from this magazine.","ERROR_DELETE_ITEM":"Unable to delete story. Please try again later.","REMOVE_ACCOUNT":"Remove Account","ACCOUNT_REMOVED":"Your account has been removed.","YOUR_SUBSCRIPTIONS":"Your Subscriptions","DISCOVER":"Discover","SECTION_LIVETILE_SOURCE_TOAST_MESSAGE_FORMAT":"Success! %s will be used for future Flipboard Live Tile updates.","SECTION_PINSTART_FAILURE_TOAST_MESSAGE_FORMAT":"Failed to pin %s to your Windows Start Screen.","SECTION_PINSTART_SUCCESS_TOAST_MESSAGE_FORMAT":"Pinned to your Windows Start Screen.","SECTION_UNPINSTART_FAILURE_TOAST_MESSAGE_FORMAT":"Failed to unpin %s from your Windows Start Screen.","SECTION_UNPINSTART_SUCCESS_TOAST_MESSAGE_FORMAT":"Unpinned from your Windows Start Screen.","PROFILE_TITLE":"Profile","HOME_LINK":"Home","no_results_found":"No results found.","profile_view_current_user_has_no_magazines_message":"Start saving things into your magazine by tapping the + on content you like. Your magazines will be viewable here.","profile_view_user_has_no_magazines_message_format":"%1$s hasn’t created any magazines yet.","CONTINUE_BUTTON":"Continue","SIGN_IN_BUTTON":"Sign In","fl_account_sign_up_footer_html_format":"By creating a Flipboard Account you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to the Flipboard <a href=\"%s\">Terms of Use</a> and <a href=\"%s\">Privacy Policy</a>.","FacebookTOCSignInText":"Add your news feed…","TwitterTOCSignInText":"Add your timeline…","toc_no_internet":"No Internet","editing_magazine_progress_text":"Editing Magazine…","edit_magazine_error_message":"Unable to edit your magazine. Please try again later.","fl_account_reason_too_long":"Too long","fl_account_reason_too_short":"Too short","view_on_web_popover":"View on Web","RESEND_EMAIL":"Resend Email","A new confirmation email has been sent!":"A new confirmation email has been sent!","REMINDER_TO_CONFIRM_EMAIL":"Your Flipboard account has been created. Don’t forget to confirm your email!","login_alert_reply_msg_format":"Log in to %s to reply.","login_alert_title":"Login Required","social_flipped_in_header":"Flipped In","PIN_TO_START":"Pin to Start","UNPIN_FROM_START":"Unpin from Start","failed_to_load_video_title":"Cannot Load Video","favorited_this_inline_n_person_format":"%d favorite","favorited_this_inline_n_people_format":"%d favorites","TwitterFavoritePastTenseAlertTitle":"Favorited on Twitter","FacebookLikePastTenseAlertTitle":"Liked on Facebook","GooglePlusLikePastTenseAlertTitle":"+1’d","LinkedInLikePastTenseAlertTitle":"Liked on LinkedIn","InstagramLikePastTenseAlertTitle":"Liked on Instagram","FlickrLikePastTenseAlertTitle":"Favorited on Flickr","TumblrLikePastTenseAlertTitle":"Liked on Tumblr","500pxLikePastTenseAlertTitle":"Favorited on 500px","SinaWeiboLikePastTenseAlertTitle":"Favorited on Sina Weibo","RenrenLikePastTenseAlertTitle":"Liked on Renren","SoundCloudPastTestLikeAlertTitle":"Liked on SoundCloud","YouTubeLikePastTenseAlertTitle":"Liked on YouTube","FlipboardLikePastTenseAlertTitle":"Liked on Flipboard","TwitterSharePastTenseAlertTitle":"Retweeted on Twitter","GooglePlusSharePastTenseAlertTitle":"Shared on Google+","TumblrSharePastTenseAlertTitle":"Reblogged on Tumblr","login_alert_like_item_msg_format":"You must be logged in to %s to like this item.","login_alert_favorite_item_msg_format":"You must be logged in to %s to favorite this item.","login_alert_share_item_msg_format":"You must be logged in to %s to share this item.","SinaWeiboSharePluralItemString":"reposts","SinaWeiboShareSingularItemString":"repost","TumblrGenericPluralItemString":"notes","TumblrGenericSingularItemString":"note","TumblrSharePluralItemString":"reblogs","TumblrShareSingularItemString":"reblog","share_error_generic":"Sorry, could not share item. Please try again later.","fl_account_email_placeholder":"example@example.com","issue_summary":"Summary:","issue_description":"Description:","issue_reproducibility":"Reproducibility:","issue_reproducibility_not_sure":"I didn’t try","issue_reproducibility_easy":"Always","issue_reproducibility_sometimes":"Sometimes","issue_reproducibility_difficult":"Rarely","issue_description_placeholder":"Steps to reproduce…","report_issue_attachments":"Attachments:","send_button":"Send","issue_summary_required":"Required…","issue_uploaded":"Issue reported!","uploading_issue_report_failed_title":"Uploading issue report failed","uploading_issue_report_failed_message":"Your internet connection may be experiencing problems.","report_issue_missing_email":"Please fill in your e-mail address","no_email_account_error_title":"Email Account Required","FIRST_LAUNCH_REQUIRED_MESSAGE":"This link was shared via Flipboard. Please sign in or build your Flipboard, then try reloading the link.","FIRST_LAUNCH_REQUIRED_TITLE":"Setup Required","first_flip_lightbox_3_title":"Sign Up","first_flip_lightbox_3_description":"Get a Flipboard account to save this into your own magazine.","rate_this_app_title":"Rate Flipboard?","rate_this_app_msg":"If you like Flipboard, please give it a rating. Thanks!","rate_this_app_no":"No, Thanks","rate_this_app_yes":"Rate Now","rate_this_app_later":"Remind Me Later","audio":"Audio","untitled_audio":"Untitled Audio","audio_error_title_unable_to_play_item":"Can’t Play Audio","audio_error_message_check_internet_connection":"Please check your Internet connection and try again.","audio_error_message_audio_may_no_longer_be_available":"This audio may no longer be available for playback.","ERROR_ITEM_DETAIL_FETCH_FAIL":"Failed to fetch item details. Please try again later.","FLIPBOARD_APP_DOWNLOAD_ANDROID_URL":"https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=flipboard.app&referrer=utm_source%3Dflipit%26utm_medium%3Dwebmag","FLIPBOARD_APP_DOWNLOAD_IOS_URL":"https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/flipboard/id358801284","FLIPBOARD_APP_DOWNLOAD_WINDOWS_URL":"http://apps.microsoft.com/windows/app/flipboard/e62e393a-acc9-40d9-a34a-13a41f2eeef0","FLIPBOARD_APP_DOWNLOAD_BLACKBERRY_URL":"http://appworld.blackberry.com/webstore/content/34960888/"}
[{"id":"flipboard-1J15Eg0uQH-ytgdlhQfF7A:a:3195426-1415380925","hashCode":2341686251,"sortValue":31085694029573,"type":"post","title":"The Silver Economy: Travel industry flags up rise in family holidays","excerptText":"The cruise industry has spent years trying to woo younger travellers on to their ships, struggling to convince them that sailing the seas is …","sourceURL":"http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c1c3ddba-376f-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3INwXTjSg","hideOnCover":true,"language":"en,h=0","articleStats":{"words":593,"paragraphs":19,"characters":3557},"authorDisplayName":"By Roger Blitz, Leisure Industries Correspondent","userid":"fl:ft.com","referredByItems":[{"type":"status","authorDisplayName":"Financial Times","authorUsername":"financialtimes","userid":"3195426","authorDescription":"World business. In one place.","authorImage":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"text":"","urls":["http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c1c3ddba-376f-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3INwXTjSg"],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"1J15Eg0uQH-ytgdlhQfF7A:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415380925,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"sectionLinks":[{"type":"author","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-14cd1e00fa1db8a34654","title":"Financial Times","private":true,"linkType":"user","username":"financialtimes","userID":"3195426","image":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"description":"World business. In one place."},{"type":"magazine","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-fc269d121b12cfd3d232","title":"The Silver Economy","referringText":"The Silver Economy","image":{"smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img"},"description":"By 2050 those aged over 65 will outnumber children under five. This FT series looks at how that demographic shift is creating a new and powerful consumer class"}],"id":"flipboard-1J15Eg0uQH-ytgdlhQfF7A:a:3195426-1415380925"}],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"1J15Eg0uQH-ytgdlhQfF7A:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415380925,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"flipboardSocialId":"flipboard-1J15Eg0uQH-ytgdlhQfF7A:a:3195426-1415380925","inlineImage":{"mediumURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/a78b13e2-b6b1-4175-ba12-bddbcbdf472b.img","smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/a78b13e2-b6b1-4175-ba12-bddbcbdf472b.img","original_hints":"color,domcolor-ec863b-5186c2-6f3d28-ecb379-1f0f0c-7bb2d8-3c231d-a1d4ee-cbeffb-6f7494-625b6c-4a3e47,focus-300-168,photo,rgb-172-209-231,still","original_width":600,"original_height":338},"sectionID":"flipboard/webNonce%2FbcTJFE","time":62,"count":3,"rssText":null},{"id":"flipboard-yIfu-FvdQfamsaa5O8mF-Q:a:3195426-1415380902","hashCode":2001981381,"sortValue":31085694029572,"type":"post","title":"The Silver Economy: Seniors put ‘slippers and cocoa’ image to bed","excerptText":"Jo Thorne is a 71-year-old great-grandmother from Taunton, in southwest England. She has five grandchildren, one great grandchild and sells  …","sourceURL":"http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4286c950-456a-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3INwXTjSg","hideOnCover":true,"language":"en,h=0","articleStats":{"words":759,"paragraphs":21,"characters":4489},"authorDisplayName":"By Duncan Robinson","userid":"fl:ft.com","referredByItems":[{"type":"status","authorDisplayName":"Financial Times","authorUsername":"financialtimes","userid":"3195426","authorDescription":"World business. In one place.","authorImage":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"text":"","urls":["http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4286c950-456a-11e4-9b71-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3INwXTjSg"],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"yIfu-FvdQfamsaa5O8mF-Q:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415380902,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"sectionLinks":[{"type":"author","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-14cd1e00fa1db8a34654","title":"Financial Times","private":true,"linkType":"user","username":"financialtimes","userID":"3195426","image":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"description":"World business. In one place."},{"type":"magazine","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-fc269d121b12cfd3d232","title":"The Silver Economy","referringText":"The Silver Economy","image":{"smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img"},"description":"By 2050 those aged over 65 will outnumber children under five. This FT series looks at how that demographic shift is creating a new and powerful consumer class"}],"id":"flipboard-yIfu-FvdQfamsaa5O8mF-Q:a:3195426-1415380902"}],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"yIfu-FvdQfamsaa5O8mF-Q:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415380902,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"flipboardSocialId":"flipboard-yIfu-FvdQfamsaa5O8mF-Q:a:3195426-1415380902","inlineImage":{"mediumURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/c29c70e6-3cfa-4556-ab99-b2c075e4ab03.img","smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/c29c70e6-3cfa-4556-ab99-b2c075e4ab03.img","original_hints":"color,domcolor-9f835c-c6b699-ac9c82-e2d6bc-807364-918574-8996a4-60574b-68767e-6c665d-48403f,focus-300-168,photo,rgb-171-164-147,still","original_width":600,"original_height":338},"sectionID":"flipboard/webNonce%2FbcTJFE","time":62,"count":4,"rssText":null},{"id":"flipboard-KiZkkW2OTGWYgDGgOHSZwQ:a:3195426-1415380878","hashCode":1192896112,"sortValue":31085694029571,"type":"post","title":"The Silver Economy: Rock festivals grow old gracefully","excerptText":"Rock festivals are at the frontline of a shrinking youth market. When Glastonbury began in 1970 the UK’s median age was 34. It is now nearly …","sourceURL":"http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/455287dc-4277-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3INwXTjSg","hideOnCover":true,"language":"en,h=0","articleStats":{"words":705,"paragraphs":23,"characters":4158},"authorDisplayName":"Ludovic Hunter-Tilney","userid":"fl:ft.com","referredByItems":[{"type":"status","authorDisplayName":"Financial Times","authorUsername":"financialtimes","userid":"3195426","authorDescription":"World business. In one place.","authorImage":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"text":"","urls":["http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/455287dc-4277-11e4-847d-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3INwXTjSg"],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"KiZkkW2OTGWYgDGgOHSZwQ:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415380878,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"sectionLinks":[{"type":"author","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-14cd1e00fa1db8a34654","title":"Financial Times","private":true,"linkType":"user","username":"financialtimes","userID":"3195426","image":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"description":"World business. In one place."},{"type":"magazine","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-fc269d121b12cfd3d232","title":"The Silver Economy","referringText":"The Silver Economy","image":{"smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img"},"description":"By 2050 those aged over 65 will outnumber children under five. This FT series looks at how that demographic shift is creating a new and powerful consumer class"}],"id":"flipboard-KiZkkW2OTGWYgDGgOHSZwQ:a:3195426-1415380878"}],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"KiZkkW2OTGWYgDGgOHSZwQ:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415380878,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"flipboardSocialId":"flipboard-KiZkkW2OTGWYgDGgOHSZwQ:a:3195426-1415380878","inlineImage":{"mediumURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/d5b7ad54-6665-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.img","smallURL":"http://cdn.flipboard.com/ft-static.com/d510024d4555a68ac84752ac339733c55f32b4b0/thumbnail.jpg","original_hints":"color,dark,domcolor-e22e32-b09c1f-482416-7a4a37-b57262-c6aca3-ecdcd2-2b3439-768386-4e5656-151416,face-241-174-56,focus-241-174,photo,rgb-24-21-11,still","original_width":600,"original_height":350},"sectionID":"flipboard/webNonce%2FbcTJFE","time":63,"count":5,"rssText":null},{"id":"flipboard-FT1jAgCkSrSMFLIYwrfAGQ:a:3195426-1415380848","hashCode":1748547250,"sortValue":31085694029570,"type":"post","title":"The Silver Economy: Cosmetics and fashion eye new sales front","excerptText":"When cosmetics company Nars featured Charlotte Rampling, 68, in its advertising campaign earlier this year, it propelled the older woman to  …","sourceURL":"http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d8be3eee-22e2-11e4-8dae-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3INwXTjSg","hideOnCover":true,"language":"en,h=0","articleStats":{"words":880,"paragraphs":22,"characters":5283},"authorDisplayName":"By Andrea Felsted and Scheherazade Daneshkhu","userid":"fl:ft.com","referredByItems":[{"type":"status","authorDisplayName":"Financial Times","authorUsername":"financialtimes","userid":"3195426","authorDescription":"World business. In one place.","authorImage":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"text":"","urls":["http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d8be3eee-22e2-11e4-8dae-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3INwXTjSg"],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"FT1jAgCkSrSMFLIYwrfAGQ:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415380848,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"sectionLinks":[{"type":"author","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-14cd1e00fa1db8a34654","title":"Financial Times","private":true,"linkType":"user","username":"financialtimes","userID":"3195426","image":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"description":"World business. In one place."},{"type":"magazine","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-fc269d121b12cfd3d232","title":"The Silver Economy","referringText":"The Silver Economy","image":{"smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img"},"description":"By 2050 those aged over 65 will outnumber children under five. This FT series looks at how that demographic shift is creating a new and powerful consumer class"}],"id":"flipboard-FT1jAgCkSrSMFLIYwrfAGQ:a:3195426-1415380848"}],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"FT1jAgCkSrSMFLIYwrfAGQ:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415380848,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"flipboardSocialId":"flipboard-FT1jAgCkSrSMFLIYwrfAGQ:a:3195426-1415380848","inlineImage":{"mediumURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/3ee8ff6a-4aca-49b4-9f58-d0ca4d5772e7.img","smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/3ee8ff6a-4aca-49b4-9f58-d0ca4d5772e7.img","original_hints":"color,domcolor-e4302b-b92826-ce8976-4e3227-a27464-7d594e-59463c-ceb7ac-242631-19171e-ecebea-110e0f,face-221-69-26,face-378-73-30,face-523-69-24,face-547-198-37,face-58-61-27,focus-378-73,photo,rgb-161-91-87,still","original_width":600,"original_height":338},"sectionID":"flipboard/webNonce%2FbcTJFE","time":64,"count":6,"rssText":null},{"id":"flipboard-DQjg7HrmRH6UIzuknMyXGg:a:3195426-1415380825","hashCode":1727967585,"sortValue":31085694029569,"type":"post","title":"The Silver Economy: Baby boomers power new age of spending","excerptText":"<i>When I’m 64</i>, “we shall scrimp and save” in the words of The Beatles – a song which suggested that hitting the age of 64 meant becoming unlov …","sourceURL":"http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9fc95c0-44b1-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3INwXTjSg","hideOnCover":true,"language":"en,h=0","articleStats":{"words":966,"paragraphs":25,"characters":5722},"authorDisplayName":"By Scheherazade Daneshkhu, Consumer Industries Editor","userid":"fl:ft.com","referredByItems":[{"type":"status","authorDisplayName":"Financial Times","authorUsername":"financialtimes","userid":"3195426","authorDescription":"World business. In one place.","authorImage":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"text":"","urls":["http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9fc95c0-44b1-11e4-ab0c-00144feabdc0.html#axzz3INwXTjSg"],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"DQjg7HrmRH6UIzuknMyXGg:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415380825,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"sectionLinks":[{"type":"author","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-14cd1e00fa1db8a34654","title":"Financial Times","private":true,"linkType":"user","username":"financialtimes","userID":"3195426","image":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"description":"World business. In one place."},{"type":"magazine","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-fc269d121b12cfd3d232","title":"The Silver Economy","referringText":"The Silver Economy","image":{"smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img"},"description":"By 2050 those aged over 65 will outnumber children under five. This FT series looks at how that demographic shift is creating a new and powerful consumer class"}],"id":"flipboard-DQjg7HrmRH6UIzuknMyXGg:a:3195426-1415380825"}],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"DQjg7HrmRH6UIzuknMyXGg:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415380825,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"flipboardSocialId":"flipboard-DQjg7HrmRH6UIzuknMyXGg:a:3195426-1415380825","inlineImage":{"mediumURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/ef77f7a4-cbdb-4330-b007-eb8b28e88931.img","smallURL":"http://cdn.flipboard.com/ft-static.com/8822ab6c2c6f04b0387095f7da6f4424399db975/thumbnail.jpg","original_hints":"color,domcolor-9f120e-653011-996258-b98777-352520-6d4e49-c4c2af-e4e4e1-6a6c77-909198-42424b-111010,face-176-148-70,focus-176-148,photo,rgb-126-110-108,still","original_width":600,"original_height":338},"sectionID":"flipboard/webNonce%2FbcTJFE","time":73,"count":7,"rssText":null},{"id":"flipboard-56iWrqBDTDarLeBFdlYKng:a:3195426-1415380799","hashCode":997521945,"sortValue":31085694029568,"type":"post","title":"Older FT readers more open to financial risk","excerptText":"Reaching old age once meant slowing down and playing safe. But today’s “silver generation” is prepared to take on much greater risk in its investments …","sourceURL":"http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0bdf4bb6-6676-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html?siteedition=uk#axzz3INwXTjSg","hideOnCover":true,"language":"en,h=0","articleStats":{"words":577,"paragraphs":17,"characters":3445},"authorDisplayName":"James Pickford","userid":"fl:ft.com","referredByItems":[{"type":"status","authorDisplayName":"Financial Times","authorUsername":"financialtimes","userid":"3195426","authorDescription":"World business. In one place.","authorImage":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"text":"","urls":["http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0bdf4bb6-6676-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html?siteedition=uk#axzz3INwXTjSg"],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"56iWrqBDTDarLeBFdlYKng:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415380799,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"sectionLinks":[{"type":"author","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-14cd1e00fa1db8a34654","title":"Financial Times","private":true,"linkType":"user","username":"financialtimes","userID":"3195426","image":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"description":"World business. In one place."},{"type":"magazine","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-fc269d121b12cfd3d232","title":"The Silver Economy","referringText":"The Silver Economy","image":{"smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img"},"description":"By 2050 those aged over 65 will outnumber children under five. This FT series looks at how that demographic shift is creating a new and powerful consumer class"}],"id":"flipboard-56iWrqBDTDarLeBFdlYKng:a:3195426-1415380799"}],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"56iWrqBDTDarLeBFdlYKng:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415380799,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"flipboardSocialId":"flipboard-56iWrqBDTDarLeBFdlYKng:a:3195426-1415380799","inlineImage":{"mediumURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/1df02838-65c3-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.img","smallURL":"http://cdn.flipboard.com/ft-static.com/3b64399518906058170e32154bbe187935174e60/thumbnail.jpg","original_hints":"color,dark,domcolor-955168-48282f-130b0c-a07d87-ceb1b7-534a4b-434241-2b2a29-201f1f,face-200-170-78,focus-200-170,graphic,letterbox-29-34-0-0,rgb-70-42-51,still","original_width":301,"original_height":282},"sectionID":"flipboard/webNonce%2FbcTJFE","time":73,"count":8,"rssText":null},{"id":"flipboard-LcjGZmDDRvGkjZcXUdTQMQ:a:3195426-1415100331","hashCode":3612983858,"sortValue":31085694029567,"type":"post","title":"The Silver Economy: Barratt Homes targets downsizing baby boomers","excerptText":"Britain’s biggest housebuilder, Barratt Developments, is changing the way it designs, locates and markets some of its homes in an attempt to …","sourceURL":"http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d1134f2-10ea-11e4-b116-00144feabdc0.html?siteedition=uk#axzz3I1DNIoY9","hideOnCover":true,"language":"en,h=0","articleStats":{"words":727,"paragraphs":19,"characters":4362},"authorDisplayName":"By Kate Allen","userid":"fl:ft.com","referredByItems":[{"type":"status","authorDisplayName":"Financial Times","authorUsername":"financialtimes","userid":"3195426","authorDescription":"World business. In one place.","authorImage":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"text":"","urls":["http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d1134f2-10ea-11e4-b116-00144feabdc0.html?siteedition=uk#axzz3I1DNIoY9"],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"LcjGZmDDRvGkjZcXUdTQMQ:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415100331,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"sectionLinks":[{"type":"author","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-14cd1e00fa1db8a34654","title":"Financial Times","private":true,"linkType":"user","username":"financialtimes","userID":"3195426","image":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"description":"World business. In one place."},{"type":"magazine","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-fc269d121b12cfd3d232","title":"The Silver Economy","referringText":"The Silver Economy","image":{"smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img"},"description":"By 2050 those aged over 65 will outnumber children under five. This FT series looks at how that demographic shift is creating a new and powerful consumer class"}],"id":"flipboard-LcjGZmDDRvGkjZcXUdTQMQ:a:3195426-1415100331"}],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"LcjGZmDDRvGkjZcXUdTQMQ:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415100331,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"flipboardSocialId":"flipboard-LcjGZmDDRvGkjZcXUdTQMQ:a:3195426-1415100331","inlineImage":{"mediumURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/eb73b00d-8bc5-4218-8b33-ef185c8a560c.img","smallURL":"http://cdn.flipboard.com/ft-static.com/88f8996901eaba33e10ef37c656d9b113087367c/thumbnail.jpg","original_hints":"color,domcolor-650d13-0c1351-a3b5cc-f2f1e9-a49c95-b6b1ad-2e2726-686671-cdcdcd-504a4f,focus-136-76,photo,rgb-141-151-163,still","original_width":272,"original_height":153},"sectionID":"flipboard/webNonce%2FbcTJFE","time":74,"count":9,"rssText":null},{"id":"flipboard-9OASeKEtQBuqQpUOmMMF9Q:a:3195426-1415019531","hashCode":1903035456,"sortValue":31085694029566,"type":"post","title":"Technology used to assist with navigation","excerptText":"Talking bollards can detect an individual’s presence","sourceURL":"http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/42b37afc-601f-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html","feedTitle":"Tech Hub","feedUrl":"http://www.ft.com/rss/companies/technology","language":"en,h=0","articleStats":{"words":7,"paragraphs":1,"characters":53},"referredByItems":[{"type":"status","authorDisplayName":"Financial Times","authorUsername":"financialtimes","userid":"3195426","authorDescription":"World business. In one place.","authorImage":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"text":"","urls":["http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/42b37afc-601f-11e4-98e6-00144feabdc0.html"],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"9OASeKEtQBuqQpUOmMMF9Q:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415019531,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"sectionLinks":[{"type":"author","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-14cd1e00fa1db8a34654","title":"Financial Times","private":true,"linkType":"user","username":"financialtimes","userID":"3195426","image":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"description":"World business. In one place."},{"type":"magazine","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-fc269d121b12cfd3d232","title":"The Silver Economy","referringText":"The Silver Economy","image":{"smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img"},"description":"By 2050 those aged over 65 will outnumber children under five. This FT series looks at how that demographic shift is creating a new and powerful consumer class"}],"id":"flipboard-9OASeKEtQBuqQpUOmMMF9Q:a:3195426-1415019531"}],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"9OASeKEtQBuqQpUOmMMF9Q:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415019531,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"flipboardSocialId":"flipboard-9OASeKEtQBuqQpUOmMMF9Q:a:3195426-1415019531","inlineImage":{"mediumURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/300226d9-dfcf-45c6-8fbe-58df89fae1f4.img","smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/300226d9-dfcf-45c6-8fbe-58df89fae1f4.img","original_hints":"color,domcolor-b02512-db6e53-50291f-7b5e48-e8cea9-968476-2a2e3a-0e0e12-545a5f,focus-300-168,photo,rgb-108-109-115,still","original_width":600,"original_height":338},"sectionID":"flipboard/webNonce%2FbcTJFE","time":80,"count":10,"rssText":null},{"id":"flipboard-W0FXi6L3Q7Sm6-BD9Jancw:a:3195426-1415019464","hashCode":1529891259,"sortValue":31085694029565,"type":"post","title":"Japan sets template for private sector care","excerptText":"Support services companies such as Mitie eye opportunity for growth amid healthcare spending cuts","sourceURL":"http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8413c354-2ec3-11e4-a054-00144feabdc0.html","feedTitle":"Industrials","feedUrl":"http://www.ft.com/rss/companies/industrials","language":"en,h=0","articleStats":{"words":14,"paragraphs":1,"characters":98},"referredByItems":[{"type":"status","authorDisplayName":"Financial Times","authorUsername":"financialtimes","userid":"3195426","authorDescription":"World business. In one place.","authorImage":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"text":"","urls":["http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8413c354-2ec3-11e4-a054-00144feabdc0.html"],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"W0FXi6L3Q7Sm6-BD9Jancw:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415019464,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"sectionLinks":[{"type":"author","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-14cd1e00fa1db8a34654","title":"Financial Times","private":true,"linkType":"user","username":"financialtimes","userID":"3195426","image":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"description":"World business. In one place."},{"type":"magazine","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-fc269d121b12cfd3d232","title":"The Silver Economy","referringText":"The Silver Economy","image":{"smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img"},"description":"By 2050 those aged over 65 will outnumber children under five. This FT series looks at how that demographic shift is creating a new and powerful consumer class"}],"id":"flipboard-W0FXi6L3Q7Sm6-BD9Jancw:a:3195426-1415019464"}],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"W0FXi6L3Q7Sm6-BD9Jancw:a:3195426","dateCreated":1415019464,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"flipboardSocialId":"flipboard-W0FXi6L3Q7Sm6-BD9Jancw:a:3195426-1415019464","inlineImage":{"mediumURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/526a4641-1612-4afe-95d7-a8388ec640c6.img","smallURL":"http://cdn.flipboard.com/ft-static.com/c0ee1bb758652a2d958685fc35ff063478dee925/thumbnail.jpg","original_hints":"color,domcolor-b03e54-15263b-312915-5c352d-52697e-434c32-63604a-827a6a-babfc1-959c9d,face-213-37-25,focus-213-37,photo,rgb-100-113-115,still","original_width":600,"original_height":338},"sectionID":"flipboard/webNonce%2FbcTJFE","time":80,"count":11,"rssText":null}]
{"id":"flipboard-3yCKCZxlQ8iG98wqhKgo2Q:m:3195426-1413888233","hashCode":3789114714,"sortValue":31085694029574,"type":"sectionCover","title":"The Silver Economy","description":"By 2050 those aged over 65 will outnumber children under five. This FT series looks at how that demographic shift is creating a new and powerful consumer class","section":{"type":"link","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-fc269d121b12cfd3d232","title":"The Silver Economy","image":{"smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img"},"socialId":"flipboard-3yCKCZxlQ8iG98wqhKgo2Q:m:3195426-0","feedType":"magazine","description":"By 2050 those aged over 65 will outnumber children under five. This FT series looks at how that demographic shift is creating a new and powerful consumer class","tileImage":{"mediumURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img","smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/ft-static.com/21bec03e2afed58ef620fb1849c83a05ff037571/thumbnail.jpg","original_width":600,"original_height":338,"original_hints":"color,domcolor-2169bf-192d57-6a9ed2-865941-9dc4ec-57687f-978575-c1b4a4-eaf3ef-332d2b-524c48-151215,face-320-150-44,focus-320-150,photo,rgb-123-93-83,still"},"author":{"authorDisplayName":"Financial Times","authorUsername":"financialtimes","userid":"3195426","authorDescription":"World business. In one place.","authorImage":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"}}},"mainItem":{"type":"post","title":"Baby boomers spend the inheritance","excerptText":"Survey says two-thirds would rather enjoy money than pass it on","sourceURL":"http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9b4a7bfe-5933-11e4-9546-00144feab7de.html","feedTitle":"UK News","feedUrl":"http://www.ft.com/rss/world/uk","language":"en,h=0","articleStats":{"words":11,"paragraphs":1,"characters":64},"referredByItems":[{"type":"status","authorDisplayName":"Financial Times","authorUsername":"financialtimes","userid":"3195426","authorDescription":"World business. In one place.","authorImage":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"text":"","urls":["http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9b4a7bfe-5933-11e4-9546-00144feab7de.html"],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"_Y5crVckTtygpAnOliqiOg:a:3195426","dateCreated":1413992223,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"sectionLinks":[{"type":"author","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-14cd1e00fa1db8a34654","title":"Financial Times","private":true,"linkType":"user","username":"financialtimes","userID":"3195426","image":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"description":"World business. In one place."},{"type":"magazine","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-fc269d121b12cfd3d232","title":"The Silver Economy","referringText":"The Silver Economy","image":{"smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img"},"description":"By 2050 those aged over 65 will outnumber children under five. This FT series looks at how that demographic shift is creating a new and powerful consumer class"}],"id":"flipboard-_Y5crVckTtygpAnOliqiOg:a:3195426-1413992223"}],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"_Y5crVckTtygpAnOliqiOg:a:3195426","dateCreated":1413992223,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"inlineImage":{"mediumURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img","smallURL":"http://cdn.flipboard.com/ft-static.com/21bec03e2afed58ef620fb1849c83a05ff037571/thumbnail.jpg","original_hints":"color,domcolor-2169bf-192d57-6a9ed2-865941-9dc4ec-57687f-978575-c1b4a4-eaf3ef-332d2b-524c48-151215,face-320-150-44,focus-320-150,photo,rgb-123-93-83,still","original_width":600,"original_height":338},"id":"flipboard-_Y5crVckTtygpAnOliqiOg:a:3195426-1413992223","flipboardSocialId":"flipboard-_Y5crVckTtygpAnOliqiOg:a:3195426-1413992223"},"authorDisplayName":"Financial Times","authorUsername":"financialtimes","userid":"3195426","authorDescription":"World business. In one place.","authorImage":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"referredByItems":[{"type":"status","authorDisplayName":"Financial Times","authorUsername":"financialtimes","userid":"3195426","authorDescription":"World business. In one place.","authorImage":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"3yCKCZxlQ8iG98wqhKgo2Q:m:3195426","dateCreated":1413888233,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"canLike":false,"canReply":false,"sectionLinks":[{"type":"author","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-14cd1e00fa1db8a34654","title":"Financial Times","private":true,"linkType":"user","username":"financialtimes","userID":"3195426","image":{"smallURL":"https://cdn.flipboard.com/uploads/avatar/b327b9d265ea1c635f984a119fc11e04d3605a21.png"},"description":"World business. In one place."},{"type":"magazine","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-fc269d121b12cfd3d232","title":"The Silver Economy","referringText":"The Silver Economy","image":{"smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img"},"description":"By 2050 those aged over 65 will outnumber children under five. This FT series looks at how that demographic shift is creating a new and powerful consumer class"}],"id":"flipboard-3yCKCZxlQ8iG98wqhKgo2Q:m:3195426-1413888233","canFetchCommentary":false}],"hideTimelineDate":true,"service":"flipboard","remoteServiceItemID":"3yCKCZxlQ8iG98wqhKgo2Q:m:3195426","dateCreated":1413888233,"ingestionTime":1417985970,"sectionLinks":[{"type":"link","service":"flipboard","remoteid":"sid-fc269d121b12cfd3d232","title":"The Silver Economy","image":{"smallURL":"http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/b361feed-c98f-4952-b045-e01584414d0a.img"}}],"algorithm":"flirt:none","visibilityDisplayName":"picks","wantsFullPage":true,"flipboardSocialId":"flipboard-3yCKCZxlQ8iG98wqhKgo2Q:m:3195426-1413888233","sectionID":"flipboard/webNonce%2FbcTJFE","time":47,"count":2,"rssText":null}

You Shouldn t Have to Learn How to Codereddit
Learning how to code is seen today as key to building a successful life. Barack Obama, Michael Bloomberg, and even Enrique Iglesias have all urged people to study coding. This goes against the grain of history. Why, in our modern day, are we expecting people to speak like computers? Shouldn't computers learn to speak our language instead?
In the '80s and the '90s, engineers built products so people wouldn't need to 'speak computer.' Apple and Microsoft made their fortunes by making computing accessible to everyone, through a visual, intuitive user experience. When they were founded, people had to master the command line to use computers. The Mac II and Windows replaced this command line with a graphical user interface, allowing computer use to expand from a few specialists to nearly everyone. This is a general trend in technology: everything becomes easier over time, and as it does, more people use it.
Programming hasn't followed this path yet. BASIC, one of the very first programming languages, celebrated its 50th birthday last May, and yet, modern programming languages still reflect this archetypal approach. The way people program today is by typing highly structured text -- the code -- in a text editor. We have to write things so that it's easy for the computer to parse them, instead of being easy for us to read them. True, a lot has been done to make the coding process faster, through better learning tools (forums like Stack Overflow), and code-sharing (the Open Source movement). However, and in spite of these efforts, you still need to be trained as an engineer to build software.
50 years from now, I can't imagine people programming as we do today. It just can't be. The future I imagine is a world in which programming is self-explanatory, where people talk to computers to build software. To get there, programming tools should first use our language. For instance, to turn a button red, we shouldn't have to write code. We should just be able point to the button and select a shade of red. Instead of talking about concepts the computer cares about (like variables and servers), programming tools should talk about things the programmer cares about (an image or a cloth order).
This could change everything in the way we live. With more accessible programming, farmers could program robots to intelligently tend crops based on local soil conditions; teachers could build software to adjust their teaching based on what happened the day before around the school; chefs could set up systems to buy fresh fish from the nearby market in real time as people place orders. However, that won't happen if farmers, teachers or chefs have to learn code to do it, because it's not their expertise. Instead, programming tools should be able to speak like a chef, to a chef. Software tools should be created by their users, because their users know their needs better than anyone else. A software engineer will never know cooking as well as a chef does. Teaching people how to code to turn them into engineers is not the solution.
Revolutionizing programming is one of the most amazing opportunities of our time. There isn't a field where computers haven't had an impact yet, and it's only the beginning. This is fantastic, as it allows doing more with less. But how do we want to get there? There are two ways. One way is to rely on engineers to build the products that will transform everything else. We would -- in fact, we've already started to -- turn engineers into an elite class that runs our world. Major tech companies would control how we live. People that do not know how to program will at some point become redundant. Think about taxi drivers. Do you think they will still be needed after Google's driverless cars go mainstream? We're talking about a lot of people: the United States has 3.5 million truck drivers and 300,000 taxi drivers. Globally, hundreds of millions will eventually lose their jobs.
The other option is to give the power of creation to everyone. Instead of being consumers of technology, people will produce it. This will unleash tremendous economic potential, as the number of people able to build new products and companies will skyrocket. It will create new jobs and opportunities for more people. It will also be extraordinarily empowering to enable people to build their own solutions to their own problems. That's why making programming accessible to everyone is an incredible opportunity. As technologists, it's our responsibility to make this happen soon. I hope to see others join us to make this a reality.
Follow Emmanuel Straschnov on Twitter: www.twitter.com/estraschnov
More:

India set for greater growth under PM Modi: Piyush GoyalComments
Under Prime Minister Narendra Modi, India is poised for greater growth, both socially and economically — growth that will be free, fair and lead to all round prosperity, said minister for coal, power, and renewable energy, Piyush Goyal, at the India Economic Summit on Thursday.
Participating in a debate on India’s growth outlook under the five-month-old BJP government, Goyal said the Centre has increased transparency in operations. It is taking steps to implement fiscal prudence, stabilise the economy and take it back to the high growth rates of previous years, he added.
By cutting red-tape, he said, the government has ensured there is no room for corruption. It has also effectively addressed challenges such as financial inclusion, infrastructure deficit and skills development and education, he claimed.
“When business succeeds, we will improve the lives of the people. The government believes there is no contradiction between being pro-business and pro-poor,” he said.
His views were echoed by Bharti Enterprises chairman Sunil Bharti Mittal, who said India was going in the right direction.
The government has taken a path that will ensure that in five to seven years, “we will be a new society. He (Modi) is involving the nation like no other leader has done before. The society has to be involved to change this country. I have never seen a more hard-working and transparent government.”
“We must give it some time,” he said, pointing out that five months of this government should not be judged against 67 years of previous governments.
Expressing a contrarian view, Aruna Roy, founder of Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangathan (MKSS), said under the Modi government, India remains divided. “There is the other India that is unhappy and distressed by a whole spate of promises that have not been fulfilled,” she said.
“We are very uncomfortable,” she said. “There is more rhetoric but very little action and, in some cases, they are going backwards. It is an opaque government. We don’t have a roadmap (of government plans).”
Meanwhile, Mittal said the telecom industry wants more spectrum and the government should make it available. “We want more spectrum from the government. Every country has the same amount of spectrum and it is not that India has less... It needs to be vacated from other places.”

Alto K10 gets the automatic edgeAlto K10 gets the automatic edge
Sumant Banerji , Hindustan Times   November 07, 2014
First Published: 00:00 IST(7/11/2014) | Last Updated: 00:04 IST(7/11/2014)
Comments
In India, Maruti Alto is a legend in its own right. It is a car that would not even deserve a mention were it to be launched in Europe or the US, but Alto cannot be missed if the history of the Indian car market were to be written today. It has been the largest selling car in India for 9 consecutive years and the addition of a 1-litre engine and a K10 variant have only boosted its prospects.
However, in the last two years, the growth story has stalled as new car buyers have stayed away from the market while those replacing their cars are migrating to bigger models.
There has been competition in the entry-level segment with the addition of the Hyundai Eon and Datsun Go, but the Alto has never really been threatened. Yet, it is an apt time for refreshing the K10, not for anything else but to keep the novelty factor going.
Design and style
There is not an awful lot that has changed as far as design and styling are concerned.  While it is marginally shorter, it is wider and taller than the outgoing version. The car now has bigger wraparound headlamps, a dash of chrome on the grille and boxy tail lamps reminiscent of the Alto 800.
It remains better looking of the two Altos and smarter than the existing K10, but is still not a patch on the Eon in terms of overall design. The Hyundai car can also be credited for the significant improvement to the interiors of the new Alto.
The wheelbase is the same  as the outgoing version and so is the rear legroom — it isn’t the most spacious small car on the road — but the dashboard layout and design have got a significant upgrade with the uncluttered centre console finished in piano black giving it a touch of class. Also welcome is the  improved quality of plastic, though it is not at par with the Eon.
Performance
The car is powered by the petrol engine from the previous version though Maruti’s engineers have worked on it to improve economy by over 15% to 24.07 kpl.
Performance of the geared version has not seen much of a change and Alto remains strictly a car that is happy in the city. The big change here is the introduction of the automated manual transmission that makes the K10 the only car in India to offer an ungeared variant at below Rs. 4 lakh.
The unsophisticated technology, which basically uses the same 5-speed manual gearbox and replaces your left foot with a lever, works better in the K10 than in the Celerio, which was the first to get it.
In this avatar the car does not have a clutch pedal and does away with the need to change gears. Slot the gear lever into D and the car rolls ahead. The gear shift, while not seamless, is efficient. This is a really easy car to drive and the messier the road, the better it gets.
Also, considering the light weight of the car and the torque on offer, it is surprisingly punchy. The thin tyres and bare bone suspension mean that the car is no highway cruiser, but its merits in city traffic are undeniable.
 
Verdict
Automatic cars are slowly finding their feet in India and the trend will get a fillip with the K10 AGS (auto gear shift). The car now looks a little bit more contemporary, especially in brighter shades, and the lack of space at the back is more than made up by the additional fuel economy.
For a change, the layman also gets the kind of convenience that was restricted only to cars above Rs. 10 lakh a few years back.
The Eon scores with its looks, Datsun Go with its space but nothing beats Alto K10 on value for money, and at the bottom of the pyramid, that is what counts the most.

Narendra Modi Forbesranks-15-on...    Cached
Prime Minister Narendra Modi made a rocking entry on the Forbes List of World’s Powerful People. Of the 72 names on the list, Modi made his debut on the 15th position.

Tendulkar Playing it My WayIt is a pleasure and privilege to play in India, says...
rediff.com9 hours ago
The 17-time Grand Slam champion will turn up for Indian Aces against Singapore Slammers in the third leg on Sunday.

ICC team of the year 2014icc-test-team-of...    Cached
The International Cricket Council has named its Test and One Day teams of the year with the world's best featuring in two all-class sides. But in a clear sign of ...
www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3EV1IhdS2s    Cached
The ICC today announced its Test and ODI Teams of the Year, as chosen by a specially appointed selection panel chaired by the ICC’s Cricket Committee ...

Struggling in India  Toyota Asks Daihatsu Minicar to Help: ReportBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Osaka, Japan/New Delhi: Toyota Motor Corp is struggling to crack the affordable end of India's car market and has called on mini-car affiliate Daihatsu for help - a tacit admission that the Japanese autos giant doesn't always get it right in emerging markets.
A similar partnership between Toyota and 51 per cent-owned Daihatsu Motor Co has proved successful for years in Indonesia, Southeast Asia's biggest car market - though that crown may be slipping now.
Toyota executive vice president Yasumori Ihara asked Daihatsu management earlier this year to help design affordable small cars suited to buyers in India, where Toyota models tend to come with a relatively high price tag, said four Daihatsu executives and a Toyota executive with knowledge of the matter.
The request could see Daihatsu take the lead in developing no-frills cars that would be sold under the Toyota name and through Toyota's sales channels in India. Unlike in Indonesia, Daihatsu currently doesn't sell cars in India.
"Toyota is struggling big time in India" largely because it uses relatively "high-quality, high-spec" components for its cars there and failed to make use of cheaper parts available from indigenous local suppliers, a senior Daihatsu executive told Reuters.
In contrast, rivals such as Suzuki have set up comprehensive local supply chains for low-cost parts in India.
"We're currently looking extensively into why a strategic no-frills car like (Toyota's) Etios doesn't sell well in India ... as part of an effort to ready ourselves in case we're asked (to develop low-cost cars) formally by Toyota," another senior Daihatsu executive said. The executives didn't want to be named as they are not authorized to talk to the media.
They gave no specific details of how Daihatsu would help Toyota's India effort, but said Indonesia would likely serve as a model. There, several models including the most affordable minicar, the Agya, which Toyota markets, are supplied by Daihatsu, which also competes in the market.
"We always look at various options, including collaboration with Daihatsu. However, no decisions have been made," said Ryo Sakai, a Tokyo-based Toyota spokesman, declining to elaborate.
Daihatsu spokesman Kazuki Inoue said: "We have been discussing ways to quickly realize an expansion of our business cooperation with Toyota beyond Indonesia and Malaysia for some time, but nothing specific has been decided at this point."
Daihatsu already sells cars that start from $7,000-$8,000 and aims to come up with even cheaper models to drive its business in emerging markets.
Crucial market
Toyota has struggled to ignite demand for its cars in China and other emerging markets, and India - which consultant IHS Automotive predicts will overtake Japan as the world's third biggest auto market by as early as 2019 - has proved particularly tough.
"India is a key market for the next decade. All major automakers will have to figure out how to compete in this market effectively," said James Chao, IHS Automotive's Asia-Pacific director.
Toyota launched the Etios for the Indian market in late 2010 and sold 50,157 of them in the year to March 2012. But sales of the compact model, which starts at 570,000 rupees ($9,280), fell 23 per cent the following year and 19 per cent, to 31,137, in the latest year to end-March. Sales of the Etios Liva hatchback, a Rs 4,80,000 ($7,813) model launched in 2011, declined nearly a third in the year to March compared with two years ago, to 22,201 cars.
Toyota's overall India sales for the year to March fell 22 per cent to 128,811 vehicles, dwarfed by market leader Maruti Suzuki India Ltd's 1.05 million vehicles sold. To put the Japanese giant's Indian business in context, Toyota expects to sell a total of 9.05 million vehicles worldwide in the year to March 2015.
IHS Automotive forecasts sales in India of so-called light vehicles - below 6 tons - will increase just 0.2 per cent this year to 3.14 million.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: November 07, 2014 09:45 (IST)

Singapore Airlines Not Considering Full Takeover Bid for Tiger Airways: CEOBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Singapore: Singapore Airlines Ltd (SIA) is not currently considering a full takeover of partly-owned low-cost carrier Tiger Airways, even though it is raising its stake in the firm, the parent's chief executive Goh Choon Phong said on Friday.
SIA said in October that it would raise its stake in Tiger to about 55 per cent from 40 per cent. It said it would also buy up to S$140 million ($110 million) of S$234 million rights issue, taking its stake as high as 71 per cent.
"At this time, a takeover offer is not under consideration," Mr Goh said at a briefing for analysts, a day after SIA reported its second-quarter results.
Mr Goh said SIA's focus is on doing what is necessary for Tiger to return to financial health, and ensuring it falls in line with the parent's strategy of having a strong presence in the low-fare segment via Tiger, as well as medium-to-long haul low-cost unit Scoot.
Tiger's shares have plunged 40 per cent over the past three months. The carrier has booked a loss in each of the past three years, including a record S$223 million in the year ended March.
Including its planned rights issue, Tiger will have raised about S$900 million in less than five years.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Twitter to Open Office in Hong Kong Early Next Year: ReportBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Twitter Inc plans to open an office in Hong Kong early next year to serve greater China and tap advertising revenue from Chinese companies, the Wall Street Journal reported.
The office is set to open in the first quarter of 2015 and will mainly house sales staff, Shailesh Rao, Twitter's vice president for Asia Pacific, the Americas and emerging markets, told The Wall Street Journal.
Twitter has been blocked by Chinese censors since 2009.
Even if it does not establish an official presence in China, Twitter has avenues to make money from China. For instance, Twitter's subsidiary MoPub, which serves up ads inside mobile apps, counts many small Chinese app developers among its customers, while Beijing-based PC-maker Lenovo Group Ltd is an advertiser on Twitter itself.
The Hong Kong office will be headed by Peter Greenberger, Twitter's Singapore-based director of sales for emerging markets. Greenberger earlier led Twitter's Washington, D.C. sales team focusing on political campaigns, the Journal said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

MSCI Global Small Cap Indexes-Which Indian stocks made itMSCI Global Small Cap Indexes-Which Indian stocks made it
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 07, 2014 08:51 IST
These are the stocks which have been added in MSCI Global Small Cap Indexes.
 
 
MSCI Inc, a leading provider of investment decision support tools worldwide, including indexes, portfolio risk and performance analytics and ESG data and research, announced today the results of the November 2014 Semi-Annual Index Review for the MSCI Equity Indexes - including the MSCI Global Standard, MSCI Global Small Cap and MSCI Micro Cap Indexes, as well as the MSCI Global Value and Growth Indexes, the MSCI Frontier Markets and MSCI Frontier Markets Small Cap Indexes, the MSCI Global Islamic and MSCI Global Islamic Small Cap Indexes, the MSCI Pan-Euro and MSCI Euro Indexes, the MSCI US Equity Indexes, the MSCI US REIT Index, as well as the MSCI China A Indexes. All changes will be implemented as of the close of November 25, 2014. 
Following  are the stocks which have been added in MSCI Global Small Cap Indexes.
ABAN OFFSHORE 
Enter the characters shown in the image.
 
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Monday, 08 December 2014 02:29 IST
Connect with IIFL :
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

ECB keeps interest rates unchangedECB keeps interest rates unchanged
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 07, 2014 08:32 IST
Our measures will enhance the functioning of the monetary policy transmission mechanism, support financing conditions in the euro area, facilitate credit provision to the real economy and generate positive spillovers to other markets, says ECB.
 
 
Mario Draghi, President of the ECB said "Based on our regular economic and monetary analyses, and in line with our forward guidance, we decided to keep the key ECB interest rates unchanged. Following up on the decisions of 2 October 2014, we last month started purchasing covered bonds under our new programme. We will also soon start to purchase asset-backed securities. The programmes will last for at least two years. Together with the series of targeted longer-term refinancing operations to be conducted until June 2016, these asset purchases will have a sizeable impact on our balance sheet, which is expected to move towards the dimensions it had at the beginning of 2012.
Our measures will enhance the functioning of the monetary policy transmission mechanism, support financing conditions in the euro area, facilitate credit provision to the real economy and generate positive spillovers to other markets. They will thereby further ease the monetary policy stance more broadly, support our forward guidance on the key ECB interest rates and reinforce the fact that there are significant and increasing differences in the monetary policy cycle between major advanced economies.
With the measures that have been put in place, monetary policy has responded to the outlook for low inflation, a weakening growth momentum and continued subdued monetary and credit dynamics. Our accommodative monetary policy stance will underpin the firm anchoring of medium to long-term inflation expectations, in line with our aim of achieving inflation rates below, but close to, 2%. As they work their way through to the economy, our monetary policy measures will together contribute to a return of inflation rates to levels closer to our aim.
However, looking ahead, and taking into account new information and analysis, the Governing Council will closely monitor and continuously assess the appropriateness of its monetary policy stance. Should it become necessary to further address risks of too prolonged a period of low inflation, the Governing Council is unanimous in its commitment to using additional unconventional instruments within its mandate. The Governing Council has tasked ECB staff and the relevant Eurosystem committees with ensuring the timely preparation of further measures to be implemented, if needed.
Let me now explain our assessment in greater detail, starting with the economic analysis. Euro area real GDP increased by 0.1%, quarter on quarter, in the second quarter of this year, revised up as compared with the earlier estimate. Since the summer months, incoming data and survey evidence have overall indicated a weakening in the euro area's growth momentum. This information has now been incorporated into the most recent forecasts by private and public institutions, which indicate a downward revision of real GDP growth over the projection horizon up to 2016, with the outlook for a modest economic recovery remaining in place. This picture is broadly in line with the Governing Council's current assessment. On the one hand, domestic demand should be supported by our monetary policy measures, the ongoing improvements in financial conditions, the progress made in fiscal consolidation and structural reforms, and lower energy prices supporting real disposable income. Furthermore, demand for exports should benefit from the global recovery. On the other hand, the recovery is likely to continue to be dampened by high unemployment, sizeable unutilised capacity, and the necessary balance sheet adjustments in the public and private sectors.
The risks surrounding the economic outlook for the euro area continue to be on the downside. In particular, the weakening in the euro area's growth momentum, alongside heightened geopolitical risks, could dampen confidence and, in particular, private investment. In addition, insufficient progress in structural reforms in euro area countries constitutes a key downward risk to the economic outlook.
According to Eurostat's flash estimate, euro area annual HICP inflation was 0.4% in October 2014, after 0.3% in September. Compared with the previous month, this mainly reflects a somewhat less negative contribution from energy prices and slightly stronger annual increases in food prices. A fall in industrial goods prices was partly compensated for by an increase in services price inflation. On the basis of current information and prevailing futures prices for energy, annual HICP inflation is expected to remain at around current low levels over the coming months, before increasing gradually during 2015 and 2016. This is also the picture portrayed by the most recent forecasts, which now incorporate the recent sharp fall in oil prices.
The Governing Council will continue to closely monitor the risks to the outlook for price developments over the medium term. In this context, we will focus in particular on the possible repercussions of dampened growth dynamics, geopolitical developments, exchange rate and energy price developments, and the pass-through of our monetary policy measures.
Turning to the monetary analysis, data for September 2014 continue to point to subdued underlying growth in broad money (M3), with the annual growth rate increasing moderately, however, to 2.5% in September, after 2.1% in August. Annual growth in M3 continues to be supported by its most liquid components, with the narrow monetary aggregate M1 growing at an annual rate of 6.2% in September.
The annual rate of change of loans to non-financial corporations (adjusted for loan sales and securitisation) remained negative at -1.8% in September, after -2.0% in August and -2.2% in July. On average over recent months, net redemptions have moderated from the historically high levels recorded a year ago. Lending to non-financial corporations continues to reflect the lagged relationship with the business cycle, credit risk, credit supply factors and the ongoing adjustment of financial and non-financial sector balance sheets. The annual growth rate of loans to households (adjusted for loan sales and securitisation) was 0.6% in September, after 0.5% in August. In line with some stabilisation in credit flows, the October bank lending survey for the euro area reported a net easing of credit standards on loans to enterprises and households. At the same time, it has to be kept in mind that the level of credit standards is still tight from a historical perspective. Following the completion of the ECB's comprehensive assessment, a further strengthening of banks' balance sheets can be expected to contribute to reducing credit supply constraints and facilitating more lending.
To sum up, a cross-check of the outcome of the economic analysis with the signals coming from the monetary analysis confirms the recent decisions taken by the Governing Council to provide further monetary policy accommodation and to support lending to the real economy.
Monetary policy is focused on maintaining price stability over the medium term and its accommodative stance contributes to supporting economic activity. However, in order to strengthen investment activity, boost job creation and raise productivity growth, other policy areas need to contribute decisively. In particular, the legislation and implementation of product and labour market reforms as well as actions to improve the business environment for firms need to gain momentum in several countries. The effective implementation of structural reforms will raise expectations of higher incomes and encourage firms to increase investment today and bring forward the economic recovery. As regards fiscal policies, countries with remaining fiscal imbalances should not unravel the progress already made and should proceed in line with the rules of the Stability and Growth Pact. Throughout the procedural steps under the agreed framework, the Pact should remain the anchor for confidence in sustainable public finances. The existing flexibility within the rules should allow governments to address the budgetary costs of major structural reforms, to support demand and to achieve a more growth-friendly composition of fiscal policies. A full and consistent implementation of the euro area's existing fiscal and macroeconomic surveillance framework is key to bringing down high public debt ratios, to raising potential growth and to increasing the resilience of the euro area economy to shocks."

Infosys to hire Over 2 100 in USInfosys to hire Over 2,100 in US
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 07, 2014 08:14 IST
The company plans to hire 1,500 professionals for consulting, sales and delivery during the current financial year. In addition, it will hire close to 600 Bachelors and Masters graduates from US Universities over the next twelve months.
 
 
Infosys, a global leader in consulting, technology, outsourcing and next-generation services, today announced a major recruitment drive in the US to support the growth of its business and enhance its capabilities. The company plans to hire 1,500 professionals for consulting, sales and delivery during the current financial year. In addition, it will hire close to 600 Bachelors and Masters graduates from US Universities over the next twelve months.
With this program, Infosys will bolster its expertise in client relationship management, consulting and technical delivery. The addition of these employees will help Infosys provide its clients local market insights, industry-leading technology expertise, and timely responsiveness to critical issues. 
Infosys will recruit up to 300 management and technology graduates from leading US universities. They will work across multiple technology domains including digital, big data, analytics and cloud. Up to 180 graduates will be recruited into the Infosys consulting practice in the US. They will join existing teams advising clients on business and technology transformation strategies. Infosys will also continue its global recruitment program of hiring MBA graduates from leading business schools, and will recruit 100 Masters graduates for its sales teams under this initiative.
Speaking on the recruitment drive, Peggy Tayloe, Head of Human Resources in Americas, Infosys said, "We believe in hiring professionals who will help us build a next-generation services company. Technology is truly reshaping the world around us today. At Infosys, we offer the best opportunities to learn while working on exciting projects, pioneering the latest technologies for some of the world's best corporations."
Sandeep Dadlani, Executive Vice President, Head of Infosys Americas, Infosys added, "We are particularly looking forward to bringing a large group of graduates into Infosys in the US. This is a terrific time for young, smart and talented leaders to be graduating from the best American schools and choosing a career in the technology industry."
This recruitment drive will leverage the wide range of relationships between Infosys and academic institutions across the US. These relationships have been cultivated through programs such as the global InStep Internship Program and the recently announced collaboration with the Institute for Computational & Mathematical Engineering at Stanford University.

Godrej Properties Q2 net profit jumps 36%Godrej Properties Q2 net profit jumps 36%
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | November 07, 2014 08:16 IST
Total income increased by 19% to INR 670 crore from Rs 565 crore
 
 
Godrej Properties Limited (GPL), a leading national real estate developer, today announced its financial results for the second quarter ended September 30, 2014.
CORPORATE HIGHLIGHTS:
Sales Highlights
Sales in January - September 2014higher than in any previous financial year
Q2 FY2015booking value increased by 164% to INR 880 Cr and booking volume increased by 177% to 1.40 million sq. ft.
Launched 4 new projects/phases across Mumbai, Gurgaon and Bangalore
Residential projects recorded booking value of INR 829 Cr and booking volume of 1.29million sq. ft.
Commercial projects witnessed booking value of INR 51 Cr and booking volume of 0.11million sq. ft.
Over 150,000 sq.ft. of sales in 5 separate cities (Mumbai, Gurgaon, Bangalore, Ahmedabad & Kolkata)
Business Development Highlights
Added 1 new project with 1.3 million sq.ft. of saleable area in Q2 FY15
Badlapur, Mumbai*
Added GPL's eighteenth project in Mumbai with 1.3 million sq.ft. of saleable area
Located on the Badlapur - Karjat Road with close proximity to Badlapur MIDC
*The partnership agreement was signed in September 2014 but registration and announcement happened in the first week of October 2014
Other Highlights
ICRA has upgraded long term rating of Godrej Properties to AA- from A+
Delivered 200 apartments in Phase 1 of Godrej Anandam , Nagpur in September
GPL received 19 awards in Q2 FY2015
Commenting on the financial performance of Q2&H1 FY2015, Mr. Pirojsha Godrej, Managing Director & CEO Godrej Properties Limited, said:"We are pleased with the company's performance in 2014. The response to our new project launches across the country has been excellent. We look forward to delivering an even stronger performance in H2 FY15."
Financial Overview (Consolidated)
Q2 FY2015performance overview compared with Q2FY2014
Total income stood at Rs307 crore compared to INR 320 crore
EBITDA stood at Rs70 crore compared to Rs 95 crore
Net profit increased by 36% to Rs47 crore from Rs 34 crore
EPS* amounted to Rs 2.34 as compared to Rs1.97
H1 FY2015performance overview compared with H1FY2014
Total income increased by 19% to INR 670 crore from Rs 565 crore
EBITDA stood at Rs145 crore compared to Rs 178 crore
Net profit increased by 25% to INR 92 crore from INR 74 crore
?        

Jaitley  Chidambaram lock horns over retrospective taxNew Delhi, November 8, 2014
Updated: November 8, 2014 02:51 IST
Jaitley, Chidambaram lock horns over retrospective tax
Special Correspondent
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and former Finance Minister P Chidambaram release the book "2014 The Election That Changed India" authored by Rajdeep Sardesai at a function in New Delhi on Friday. Photo: PTI
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and his predecessor P. Chidambaram locked horns over the question of retrospective tax, which both agreed was the single most important factor that spoiled the investment climate in the country.
They were participating in a discussion at the launch of the book, “2014 The Election That Changed India,” written by journalist Rajdeep Sardesai. Karan Thapar moderated the discussion.
“If I had 282 MPs, I would have passed a simple legislation that is required to undo it,” said Mr. Chidambaram, wondering why the BJP-led government was not doing it. Mr. Jaitley said the government did not want to take the legislative route to negate the stand of the government of India. Explaining the government approach to reforms, the Finance Minister said, he had a road map ready for the next two years. “We have to go at a pace that the political system can take.”
“You have won 282 Lok Sabha seats. This was the time to take hard decisions,” Mr. Chidambaram said. When Mr. Thapar pointed out that people feel let down that the Modi government has not been moving fast enough on reforms, Mr. Jaitley shot back. “Nobody feels let down as some of the recent election results show. It is very easy to comment. But some second generation reforms need larger consensus.”
Debating the point that the 2014 election marked the disruption of the Nehruvian consensus, Mr. Jaitley said some elements such as democracy and a robust political opposition are relevant today as they were during the first Prime Minister’s time. “But other components, such as those related to the economy and security of the country are not relevant today, as we face new situations.”

More pain ahead for Indian banks as bad loans pile upMore pain ahead for Indian banks as bad loans pile up
Reuters  Mumbai, November 07, 2014
First Published: 18:11 IST(7/11/2014) | Last Updated: 18:16 IST(7/11/2014)
Comments
India's state-owned banks warned growth in bad loans may continue into next year as they posted a rise in troubled loans for the September quarter with a weakening economy causing debt-laden sectors such as infrastructure to default on payments.
The bleak assessment means these and other banks, including  private sector banks, may have to make higher provisions in their books against the souring loans which could eat into their profits at a faster pace.
It also means lenders will need more capital to act as a buffer against the losses from the bad loans. The lenders are already estimated by analysts to need as much as $110 billion in new capital through March 2019 to comply with new global regulations.
Bank of Baroda and Bank of India, two of India's biggest state-controlled lenders, were among those that announced this week higher bad loans for the quarter ended Sept. 30 and forecast further deterioration in asset quality in the current fiscal year to March 2015. State Bank of India, India's top lender, will report next week.
India's banking sector is sitting on roughly 6 trillion rupees' worth of stressed loans - or nearly 10 percent of the total advances - according to estimates from credit rating agency Fitch's local unit.
About 45 percent of the loans have already gone sour, while the remainder is in the "restructured" category - troubled, but for now requiring banks to set aside only minimal reserves.
But from April, new rules will abolish the "restructured" category and prompt banks to either chase customers for payment or set aside billions more in reserves.
As India's economic growth slipped below 5 percent in the past two fiscal years - the weakest spell since the 1980s - banks' bad loans jumped to more than 4 percent of their total assets this year from 2.4 percent in 2011.  
Credit growth, meantime, has fallen to its lowest in more than a decade.
"The stress in the sector may continue for at least one or two quarters (more)," said
P. Srinivas, an executive director at No.2 lender Bank of Baroda, which saw a fall in profit and higher bad loans. He expected additions to bad loans to be at current levels.
The pace of economic growth is widely expected to quicken this fiscal year and next as a new government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi speeds up clearance for big projects and implements reforms to attract investments.
That recovery, banks hope, will begin to feed through to corporate balance sheets.
But results on Friday showed there will be pain to be endured until that comes through.
Of the 34 lenders that have reported their earnings for the fiscal second quarter to
end-September, 25 reported a rise in bad loans as measured by gross non-performing loans as a percentage of total, according to data compiled by Thomson Reuters.
India has 40 publicly traded lenders, with 24 of them majority owned by the government.
Sectors such as metals and mining, infrastructure and textiles have been major stress areas for banks. A Supreme Court ruling scrapping most coal extraction permits given to companies over two decades is also seen weighing on loans.
India Ratings and Research, Fitch's local unit, said it expected banks to restructure loans worth between 600 billion rupees and 1 trillion rupees in the next five months as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)'s new rules removing the difference between restructured loans and non-performing loans kicks in from April.
"The sum and substance is: what is currently 6 trillion rupees, may very well, by the end of the financial year, be 6.6 (trillion rupees) or 7 (trillion rupees)," said Deep Mukherjee, a senior director at India Ratings and Research.

Jet group sniffs at profit  Q2 loss narrows 96% to 43 crCrossing the line: Mamata takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language use.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

Our children could drive the Clean India movementprint
Almost exactly 55 years ago, on November 23, 1959, in one of his first speeches after becoming Singapore’s first prime minister, Lee Kuan Yew, under whose long tenure the city state became the most developed nation in South-East Asia, announced the Movement to Clean Singapore, which he said was aimed at making Singapore one of the cleanest and healthiest cities in Asia.
That announcement and Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Swachch Bharat Abhiyan, which he announced in his Independence Day address this year, are uncannily similar.
As everyone knows, Lee’s movement has worked. One of the chief attributes associated with Singapore, besides its remarkable economic development, is how squeaky-clean that city state is.
In India, Modi kicked off the Swachch Bharat programme by wielding a broom to sweep Delhi’s streets on Gandhi Jayanti, an example and a photo op that was quickly emulated by other politicians, celebrities and film-stars.
The objective of Modi’s plan is to have a really clean India by October 2, 2019, which will be Mahatma Gandhi’s 150th birth anniversary. The question is: Will that happen?
Even in Singapore, with a population today of 5.4 million (that’s 0.45% of India’s) it wasn’t easy. Active propagation — through posters, school programmes  and community efforts — helped but so did hefty fines. Anyone caught littering in public areas was fined S$500 (at today’s rates, nearly Rs. 24,000).
Litter bugs were named and shamed by publishing their photographs in the media. Even today, long after the movement has become a part of Singaporean life, signs bearing the legend “Do Not Litter, Fine S$500” can be seen in public places.
In India, the Swachch Bharat Abhiyan will be a long and arduous trek. First, because India is not tiny Singapore. But also because littering, sadly, is like a birthright for Indians. Regardless of where in India we live, how rich or poor we are, or what we do, we litter.
And, we have no qualms about co-existing with dirt: look at our streets; our places of worship; our markets; or our residential areas. Even the Swachch Bharat movement is becoming a sham.
Last week, cameras caught prominent citizens, including politicians, in central Delhi sweeping a pavement after it had been customised with dirt! India will need far more from its citizens, particularly the influential, than the symbolic sweeping of litter, no matter whether the garbage is genuine or fake.
The malaise lies much deeper. Recently, when the Swachch Bharat movement was extended to India’s foreign missions, in one consulate in the US, stacks of papers were found in disuse — water had seeped into them over decades and they had solidified into bricks so hard that flame-guns were used to loosen them up, proving perhaps that it doesn’t matter where our dear countrymen go, their habits don’t desert them.
In India where it’s difficult to fine even traffic violators, a hefty fine like Singapore’s on littering could be nearly impossible to impose.
When one sees wanton littering — plastic wrappers thrown out of the window of a luxury car; or garbage hurled on to the streets from the upper reaches of a swish condominium — it is tempting to consider anarchic solutions.
In Sick Puppy, a 2000 novel by Carl Hiaasen, an eco-terrorist named Twilly Spree takes revenge on a corrupt Florida land developer (who is also an inveterate litter bug) and his wife by hijacking a garbage truck and dumping its load on to their expensive open convertible, covering it under a fetid mountain of rubbish.
Hope may still exist, though. The key to achieving a genuinely Swachch Bharat may be in our schools. Changing the behaviour and attitudes of older Indians may not be easy.
But India’s children could well become the harbingers of that change in our attitude towards keeping our cities, towns and villages clean.
That is why Modi’s Clean India Movement should begin at the bottom, with our children. That’s probably the only hope for it to succeed.

A lot of times I have had to defend my Indian-ness: Kalki Koechlinprint
It might be fair to say that the general interest in Victoria Ocampo was never as high as in early October. As people queued up outside Stein auditorium in India Habitat Centre, Delhi, snippets of conversation could be heard about the life and times of Ms Ocampo.
So who is Victoria Ocampo? A certain Argentine writer/intellectual with whom the poet Rabindranath Tagore shared a brief, and much publicised in the years to come, relationship. And why the sudden surge of interest in her? Because Kalki Koechlin was playing her part in the Manav Kaul production, Colour Blind.
One young man was overheard saying (hopefully, in jest),"I came yesterday to see Kalki perform. She didn't come on stage for half an hour but I thought it must be some experimental role she's playing. But I realised after another half an hour that Kalki's performance is actually today!"
Many are likewise drawn to Koechlin, the actor who has carved a cosy niche for herself in Bollywood but remains surprisingly accessible to fans. We meet off stage for the interview and she gives a full, radiant smile as she sinks into a lounge chair and crosses her feet.
She looks at the recorder and says, "point it this way, there's too much background noise". I nod an agreement and as we start talking I'm reminded of what Roger Ebert wrote in his review of the Koechlin-starrer That Girl in Yellow Boots: She is a figure of instant enigma. A young white woman in Mumbai, speaking Hindi, living alone... consumed by an obsession...we learn she is half-Indian.
Ebert was describing Ruth, the character Koechlin portrayed in the Anurag Kashyap-directed 2010 film. But it may well be one of the more accurate descriptions of Koechlin herself and the journey she embarked on after coming to Mumbai to try her luck at acting.
Koechlin was born in a small village outside Puducherry to parents of French descent, Joel and Françoise, devotees of Sri Aurobindo. Growing up Kalki dealt with her share of confusion, primarily related to her own identity as a white-skinned woman growing up in Tamil Nadu.
"It was bizarre because in every photograph you could see this one white kid amidst a group of dark south Indian kids!" laughs Koechlin as she recounts her childhood: "At that age you aren't aware of any superficial differences. I remember staring at foreigners with my friends, fascinated by white people."
Koechlin was sent off to Hebron School in Ooty where she says her love for acting really took shape. "I was the class clown as well," says Koechlin with an impish smile. Next came Goldsmith's College, London, ("a very left wing, arty college known for its wackos like Damien Hirst and the like") where Koechlin studied drama and theatre.
"I was actually quite intimidated when I first got there. Everyone had some defined identity. Some had a gothic look, some had purple hair, some had 'I am a lesbian' written t-shirt. On the other hand, I was too shy. I was too normal and that scared me initially," says Koechlin. But she is equally effusive in her praise for the college, saying that she learned some of the most crucial lessons of theatre from there. She also learned that sometimes it's okay to not fit in with the crowd.
Remembering her childhood days again, Koechlin says that, "Growing up I had developed this weird accent because I wanted to blend in with the 'American types' that you encounter in international schools. Outside of school too there were a lot of times I had to defend my Indian-ness," recounts Koechlin as she talks about how, at social gatherings it was assumed she was a firang and was asked, "How do you like it here? Do you like spicy food?"
And in London too she was met with observations like "You don't sound Indian" etc. College, says Kalki, taught her to be more comfortable with who she really was and where she came from. 
 
Mumbai chapter
During her stay in London Koechlin became part of a theatre company called Theatre of Relativity and got an opportunity to hone her acting skills further. Soon though, after finishing her studies Koechlin moved back to India, and started living with her elder brother in Bengaluru.
But there was hardly any stimulating work to be found and Koechlin decided to try out Mumbai. "I was feeling quite stagnant and wanted to look for interesting work. I got in touch with Atul Kumar and Ajay Krishnan who were looking for actors at that point for Contacting the World, a theatre festival held in Liverpool. So that project required me to shift to Mumbai."
Koechlin says she soon realised  that Mumbai is her best bet if a career in acting is what she wanted. She was moving in the right circles and also earning some money "on the side" - "I did some terrible teleshopping ads for those useless machines that are supposed to make you lose weight! After Dev D, those ads again popped up with greater frequency!"
Was finding work relatively easy then? Koechlin says no but adds, "Though Bombay makes you feel you're always doing something... even if you're not, with so many auditions happening daily." It wasn't long before Koechlin found herself auditioning for Dev D.
She says she had "no idea" who Anurag Kashyap was. It was only after the auditions that she got a call from him and she researched about his work: "I saw Black Friday and thought that this is definitely work of substance. To be honest I had dismissed Bollywood because of all the jhatkas and matkas. So it was nice to see his work."
Did she anticipate the kind of success Dev D ended up tasting? "Definitely not. It wasn't a big hit when it released. Maybe it was a hit in an indie sort of way and that slowly grew into a full-fledged commercial success."
Given that Dev D took the role of Chandramukhi and dramatically remodelled it to suit contemporary sensibilities, how exactly did she go about reparing? "Anurag had told me to not watch the Sanjay Leela Bhansali version nor read anything about it. Instead he gave me a bunch of DVDs to watch, mostly about prostitutes who negotiate different life situations."
Koechlin did see the Bhansali version much later. Did she find any difference in the portrayal of 'Chanda'? "Totally," she says with a laugh. Next up was the Bejoy Nambiar directed Shaitan where Koechlin played Amy, yet another edgy role for which she received further recognition and critical acclaim.
However, as is the case with celebrity images in Bollywood, Koechlin started to receive similary 'dark' roles from directors: "I only started getting roles of prostitutes or those I-am-a-disturbed-teenager kind of roles! It takes time for people to warm up to the idea that actors can cover a wide gamut of emotions."
Koechlin says that when Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara came her way, she was immediately keen on doing it, despite the role being very short, because it was quite different to her previous work. 
Running with the wolves
Koechlin in recent times has also emerged as the fresh new face of Bollywood who is vocal about women's equality and gender issues. Earlier this year she spoke at a conference on child sexual abuse (CSA) organised by actor Rahul Bose's NGO H.E.A.L.
"I remember mentioning in passing that I too had faced such trauma as a child. I really didn't know that it would be such a huge deal afterwards," she says adding that, "I got calls saying I should be making TV shows about my CSA. You're not my therapist, I've had one who has dealt with my problems, so I don't need to make headlines or shows out of this."
What did make headlines still, was her monologue on Women's Day at the India Today Conclave. She says the monologue, which talked about the daily wars women have to wage against patriarchy, had bits from her personal diary as well. The video of this 'performance' went viral in no time and the Koechlin was lauded for her poignant lines.
Ask her if all this attention stems from the fact that audiences aren't that used to celebrities voicing informed, intelligent opinions, and Koechlin agrees. She says that, "I've always been outspoken,especially on these issues. But no one really took notice. I guess it's a bit of timing as well. Women's issues are being discussed a lot more now, and in this context maybe my views just gained sudden prominence."
But Koechlin believes that questions around social awareness aren't asked of celebrities as much. Hence if any one makes a strong statement of any kind, it makes headlines. "For example, journalists never asked me about women's issues 3 years ago. They only had the usual dumb questions to ask! Very few people ask me about the process of making the film," she says and adds as an afterthought, "I feel there's also a lot more interviews and promotions these days. These promotional events have become such a whoring of the actor."
One of Koechlin's films which dealt with the issue of CSA was That Girl in Yellow Boots - directed by Kashyap. The film though, didn't garner as much commercial success. Koechlin co-wrote the film ("sadly," she says and looks down sheepishly) but wasn't as creatively happy with the outcome.
Kashyap, says Koechlin, wanted a woman's perspective and hence asked her to write the script. But Koechlin voices her suspicion rather bluntly: "I think Anurag was just feeling sorry for me because I was unemployed at the time and he gave me this job!"
But what exactly does she feel is wrong with the movie? "It was Anurag's idea and thus it was difficult for me to tackle because it wasn't my story at all -- also, my dad is not the person who abused me sexually, just to let you know because that's what Ruth's story is about in the film!" says Koechlin and adds that she wanted the ending of the film to be quite different. 
Love, of stage and off stage
"As soon as Anurag and I started dating we spoke about it. We didn't want to use the 'we're only friends' line," laughs Koechlin but says that she now regrets being so transparent about her personal life. "It just takes centre stage instead of your work, which is what you should be in the limelight for," she says.
Once a power couple: In retrospect, being transparent about her relationship with Anurag Kashyap wasn’t such a great idea, says Kalki.
Speaking of stage, how does she manage to maintain balance between theatre and cinema? "I don't! I'm either doing films or theatre and it's taking a toll on my body," she says. Admitting she can be a bit of a workaholic, Koechlin says, "I love theatre a lot. It just keeps me sharp. But I love the film work I'm doing too," and winks before adding, "it gets me the money which theatre doesn't!"
Lack of money in theatre isn't quite breaking news and Koechlin says that often there is this period of time when one is only doing theatre. And if there isn't any film lined up then it can be difficult to make ends meet. "That's when you suddenly rush for all kinds of ribbon-cutting ceremonies, to pay off bills!" she quips.
Koechlin though, doesn't need to worry about lack of films. At least not now. Her upcoming film Margarita, with a Straw is slated for an early 2015 release. Directed by Shonali Bose, the film is about the life of a young woman with cerebral palsy - the film takes a lot of cues from Bose's own cousin Malini, who was born with cerebral palsy. It's already gained a lot of positive attention at film festivals abroad and looks set to be one of Koechlin's most powerful performance yet.
To play the role of someone who is differently abled is a huge challenge and Koechlin ensured she was prepared. She spent a lot of time with Malini: "I lived with her, hung out, went drinking, dancing, did everything to understand what I needed to do myself in the film." Koechlin says she took to using the wheelchair as well, right from when she woke up in the morning. Making breakfast, she says, was never easy.
Explaining the minute physicalities that the role demanded, Koechlin says, "Even breathing in such a condition is different. Your lungs take in less air and by the time you can finish a sentence, you're out of breath. So you finish it in another breath. The body muscles collapse in a lot of ways."
Koechlin says that in order to perfect the manner of speaking with a certain lisp, she tried everything - from putting marbles in her mouth to asking her dentist to give her a 'dead tongue' so she could get the enunciation just right.
Next is what
Koechlin is also set to star in a Raj-DK film called Happy Ending, scheduled to release in November. It is a comedy, a genre that Koechlin says she loves. Another film that is in the pipeline waiting for a release is Jiah aur Jiah, directed by Howard Rosemeyer. Koechlin is also going to share screen space with Naseeruddin Shah in an upcoming Anu Menon film titled Waiting.
Ask her about her ideal directors that she would love to work with, Koechlin's eyes light up: "I feel so greedy! But I guess Lars Von Trier and Michel Gondry will make it to my ideal directors list!"
With her films making their presence felt on the global stage so much, one wonders if the list is to remain 'ideal' for long. As I wish her goodnight, she smiles her full smile once more and I remember a character in That Girl in Yellow Boots describing Ruth as "sort of like Bugs Bunny meets Julia Roberts." Koechlin could fit that description nicely.
From HT Brunch, November 9
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch

Big bang tech ending to 2014print
Techilicious columnist Rajiv Makhni
It’s almost the end of the year. For most companies the big launches and big ticket releases are over.
We’ve had some huge events in the last few days with the Apple iPhone twins and the new iPads; the Samsung Note 4, the Alpha, the new Tab S slates, plus their new Gear Smartwatch; HTC One M8; Motorola’s second generation of G and X phones and the Moto 360 Smartwatch; Lenovo’s big bomb Yoga 2 Tablets, Sony’s Z3 and Z3 Compact and about a dozen more headline-making products. That makes it some of the most productive 60 days on the tech calendar.
Thus, most companies will wait it out and make the next market-shaking announcements in the new year. This is offseason for new stuff, the ho-hum gap in which you pause for breath. At least that’s how November and December usually pan out. But this year, even the last few days have mega-awaited devices all set to be unleashed.
iMac 5K
Once again, Apple hits a home run with a product that may not be radically out-of-the-box, but makes it seem like the ‘Coming Of The Next Tech God’ device.
This is the iMac getting retina resolution on a seriously big display. And, as Apple has determined that there must be a certain number of pixels per inch for something to be called a retina display, they had to go for a 5K instead of a 4K for this iMac to qualify.
May I suggest a totally different reason? Other 4K display desktops and even laptops are now available and this is Apple’s way of ensuring headlines with the first 5K on a computing machine.
The good thing is, the product has super high specs and the screen looks gorgeous. It’s going to be gorgeously expensive too.
OnePlus One
Talk about disastrous launches! We’ve been hearing about this phone and this brand coming into India since July. Finally, the company seems to have got their act together and the One should be here in another three weeks.
The OnePlus One is called the smartphone-flagship killer as it delivers almost everything you need in a top-level phone at about 1/4th the price. Pretty much another Xiaomi.
And, this phone looks good with a Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 801 processor, 3GB of LPDDR3 RAM, 3100 mAh battery, magnesium chassis, full-HD screen and a price point under Rs15K.
 
Samsung Note Edge
Many call this the most anticipated phone of 2014, and yet most people didn’t even know it existed till it was announced with the Note 4 recently.
The Note 4 has started off selling very well in India, but the Edge is what a lot of people are now waiting for.
While the specs are amazing and the ergonomics really good – it’s the curve off the screen from one side that makes this a standout device. In a world where companies now play safe and don’t do anything radical, the Edge is just, well – really edgy.
The second screen on the side has a life of its own, has actual utility built in, can be a life-saver in a pinch and is a truly radical way to rethink smartphone use and efficiency. Expect the Edge in India in December for about Rs65K.
Nexus 6
The rumour was that the Nexus line may get killed off and only Android One will take things forward. The Nexus 6 is big and solid proof of things being just the exact opposite. This time, Google got Motorola to make it for them and they’ve gone for the absolute top-of-the-line with no compromises at all.
A 5.96-inch, 2560x1440 quad-HD display, a 13MP rear camera, 3GB of RAM, a 3220 mAh battery and most critically, stock Android 5.0 Lollipop.
The only difference this time is that there may not be Nexus-level aggressive pricing and this phone may well be priced upwards of Rs35K.
Gionee S5.1
Gionee set the market on fire with the S5.5 which also took on the coveted title of the world’s slimmest phone.While that title may be at stake with Oppo’s new super slim phone (there is controversy there too, as the camera protrudes a fair bit out of the body on the Oppo), Gionee’s brand new S5.1 is eagerly awaited for far more than just its extreme thinness.
This is a phone that is now going to be trying to claim the title of the world’s most good-looking phone. And, in a world where there are some seriously awesome looking phones, the S5.1 actually takes form, factor and design to a whole new level.
Great specs, excellent optics and a price point that may well be less than Rs20k could make this one more huge winner for Gionee.
Hope you’ve saved up some cash to get your hands on all this great stuff that the last 60 days of the year seem all poised to bring out. All of this ensures that the curtain on 2014 draws close with a big bang. 
Rajiv Makhni is managing editor, Technology, NDTV, and the anchor of Gadget Guru, Cell Guru and Newsnet 3
From HT Brunch, November 9
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch

http://usat.ly/1oxNKWJAn optimistic a-political sociopathic history buff, for starters.
Post to Facebook
My dream investor An optimistic a-political sociopathic history buff, for starters. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1qvPXxJ
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
1
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
My dream investor
Morgan Housel, The Motley Fool 1:10 p.m. EST November 8, 2014
Stock photo of background with money american hundred dollar bills
(Photo: iStockphoto, Getty Images)
18 CONNECT 22 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
If I could build a dream investor from scratch, his name would be Paul.
Paul is an optimistic a-political sociopathic history buff with lots of hobbies who takes others' opinions more seriously than his own.
Let me tell you why he is going to kick your butt at investing.
The sociopath
Psychologist Essi Vidling once interviewed a serial killer. Vidling showed the killer pictures of different facial expressions, and asked him to describe what the people were feeling. The murderer got most right, except pictures of people making fearful faces. "I don't know what that expression is called, but it's what people look like right before I stab them," he said.
Paul couldn't harm a fly. But a key trait of sociopaths is the ability to remain calm when others are terrified, so much that they don't even understand why other people get scared. It's also a necessity to becoming a good investor. In her book Confessions of a Sociopath, M.E Thomas writes:
The thing with sociopaths is that we are largely unaffected by fear … I am also blessed with a complete lack of sentiment … My lack of empathy means I don't get caught up in other people's panic.
Paul is like this, too. He doesn't understand why people investing for 10 years get fearful when stocks have a bad 10 days. Recessions don't bother him. Pullbacks entertain him. He thought the flash crash was kind of funny. He doesn't care when his companies miss earnings by a penny. He's immune to that stuff, which is a big advantage over most investors.
The a-political investor
Paul has political beliefs -- who doesn't?
But he knows that millions of equally smart people have opposite beliefs they are just as sure in. Since markets reflect the combined beliefs of millions of people, Paul knows that there is no reason to expect markets to converge on his personal beliefs, even if he is dead sure it is the truth. So he never lets his politics guide his investment decisions.
Paul knows that political moralizing is one of the most dangerous poisons your brain can come across, causing countless smart people to make dumb decisions. Even when he is bothered by political events, Paul repeats to himself in the mirror: "The market doesn't care what I think. The market doesn't care what I think."
The history buff
Paul loves history. He loves it for a specific reason: It teaches him that anything is possible at any time, no matter how farfetched it sounds. "One damned thing after another," a historian once described his field.
Paul knows that some people read history for clues on what might happen next, but history's biggest lesson is that nobody has any idea, ever.
When people say oil prices can only go up, or have to fall, Paul knows history isn't on their side -- either could occur. He knows that when people say China owns the next century, or that America's best days are behind it, history says either could be wrong.
History makes Paul humble, and prevents him from taking forecasts too seriously.
The hobbyist
Paul likes golf. He enjoys cooking. He reads on the beach. He has a day job that takes up most of his time.
Paul loves investing, but he doesn't have time to worry about whether Apple is going to miss earnings, or if fourth-quarter GDP will come in lower than expected. He's too busy for that stuff.
And he likes it that way. He knows investing is mostly a waiting game, and he has plenty of hobbies to keep him busy while he waits. His ignorance of trivial stuff has saved him thousands of dollars and countless time.
The open-minded thinker
Paul knows he's just one of seven billion people in the world, and that his own life experiences are a tiny fraction of what's to be learned out there.
He knows that everyone wants to think they are right, and that people will jump through hoops to defend their beliefs. He also knows this is dangerous, because it prevents people from learning. Paul knows that everyone has at least one firm, diehard belief that is totally wrong, and this scares him.
Paul is insanely curious about what other people think. He's more interested in what other people think than he is in sharing his own views. He doesn't take everyone seriously -- he knows the world is full of idiots -- but he knows the only way he can improve is if he questions what he knows and opens his mind to what others think.
The realistic optimist
Paul knows there's a lot of bad stuff in this world. Crime. War. Hunger. Poverty. Injustice. Disease. Politicians.
All of these things bother Paul. But only to a point. Because he knows that despite the wrongs of the world, more people wake up every morning wanting to do good than try to do harm. And he knows that despite a constant barrage of problems, the good group will eventually win out in the long run. That's why things tend to get better for almost everyone.
Paul doesn't get caught up in doom loops, refusing to invest today because he's worried about future budget deficits, or future inflation, or how his grandkids will pay for Social Security. Optimists get heckled as oblivious goofs from time to time, but Paul knows the odds are overwhelmingly in their favor of the long haul.
I'm trying to be more like Paul.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives.  Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
&amp;amp;amp;lt;SCRIPT language='JavaScript1.1'SRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/adj/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;/SCRIPT&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;AHREF="http://ad.doubleclick.net/jump/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?"&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;IMGSRC="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/N4538.USAToday/B2304017.8;abr=!ie4;abr=!ie5;sz=550x300;ord=[timestamp]?" BORDER=0 WIDTH=550 HEIGHT=300ALT="Advertisement"&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;/A&amp;amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;amp;lt;/NOSCRIPT&amp;amp;amp;gt;
18 CONNECT 22 TWEET 10 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1qvPXxJ
USA NOW
American journalist Luke Somers killed in failed rescue
Dec 06, 2014

JPMorgan Plans to Cut 3 000 Jobs in 2014You are here: Home Corporates
JPMorgan Plans to Cut 3,000 More Jobs This Year
Associated Press | Updated On: November 08, 2014 15:13 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New York: JPMorgan plans to cut 3,000 more jobs this year than previously planned in its card and mortgage business units.
The bank said in February that it was planning to eliminate about 2,000 jobs this year in its card, merchant services and auto unit, but now says that it will have cut a total of 4,000 jobs in the unit by the end of 2014.
JPMorgan will also eliminate more jobs in its mortgage unit, reducing up to 7,000 positions in that part of the bank, compared with an earlier target of 6,000.
The New York bank employs about 251,000 employees worldwide, according to FactSet.
The figures were disclosed in a presentation made yesterday by Gordon Smith, CEO of Chase Consumer & Community Banking. He was speaking at the BancAnalysts Association of Boston Conference in Boston.
JPMorgan Chase and Co, which reported net income of $5.6 billion in the third quarter, is seeking to cut expenses at its consumer banking unit by $2 billion between 2014 and 2016, according to the presentation.
The bank is also trying to cut the costs through greater use of technology.
For example, by encouraging more customers to use electronic statements instead of paper ones, the bank estimates that it can save about $100 million in paper and mailing costs by 2016. Smith estimates that the cost of a mailing statement is about 50 cents, compared to a cost of less than 1 cent for one that is sent electronically.
Story first published on: November 08, 2014 15:11 (IST)

 In Final Stages of Talks With States on GST: JaitleyMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: Hinting that amendments to the Goods and Services Tax (GST) may be introduced in the ensuing Winter Session of Parliament, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has the government is in the final stages of talks with states on the issue.
"I am in the last stage of my discussion with the states on the eve of Parliament session before introducing the amendments to the GST law in Parliament," Mr Jaitley said at the India Global Forum meeting here.
The month-long Winter Session of Parliament is scheduled to commence on November 24.
Seeking support from the Opposition parties, especially Congress, in passing the key legislation, Mr Jaitley said they should realise that the "merits of some of these actions have positive attitude towards them".
"I do hope that my friends in the Opposition parties, particularly the principle Opposition, after a wasted opportunity when they were in government, spend a more fruitful tenure when they are in opposition," Mr Jaitley said.
The Goods and Services Tax (GST) regime aims at subsuming most of the indirect taxes at the central as well as state levels. The UPA government in 2011 introduced a Constitution Amendment Bill in the Lok Sabha to pave the way for introduction of GST.
The GST rollout has missed several deadlines because of lack of consensus among states over certain crucial issues on the new tax regime.
Pending since 2006, the discussion on the GST Bill is stuck at a crucial stage where states have proposed to keep products such as petroleum, tobacco and alcohol out of GST ambit and had demanded the exemption list be included in the Constitutional Amendment Bill.
Talking about reforms, Mr Jaitley said that some are possible with a consensus and some others are more challenging.
"I have always believed that some reforms are easily possible... I have clearly prioritised most of them. For next few months we have our plates reasonably full," he said.
Clearance of CST compensation arrears has been a bone of contention between Centre and states, as the states still wait for Rs 13,000 crore arrears pending till 2010.
As regards the compensation structure, the states have sought a five-year compensation mechanism from the Centre and demanded the same be included in the Constitutional Amendment Bill.
CST, a tax imposed on the inter-state movement of goods, was reduced from 4 per cent to 3 per cent in 2007-08 and further to 2 per cent in 2008-09 after the introduction of value-added tax (VAT). The Centre had then promised the states that it would bear losses due to reduction of CST.
As part of the roll-out of GST, the CST is being phased out and has been reduced to 2 per cent from the earlier four per cent. The Centre collects CST and distributes it among states.
While presenting the Budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had expressed hope that the government would be able to "bring a final solution in the course of this year and approve the legislative scheme which enables introduction of GST".
He had also said GST would streamline tax administration and avoid harassment of business and result in higher tax collection both for Centre and states.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 12:28 (IST)

RBI to be Dovish on December 2  but Rate Cut in February: BofA-MLMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
Mumbai: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to take a "more dovish" stance in its upcoming monetary policy review on December 2 and may go for a cut repo rate in February, according to a report by Bank of America-Merrill Lynch.
"While the December 2 policy should turn more dovish, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan may want to await further clarity on the inflation peak-off," the British brokerage house said in its report.
"We are increasingly confident about our call for a repo rate cut in February."
The report sees the RBI achieving its inflation target of 8 per cent by January 2015 and 6 per cent by January 2016. Consumer Price Index-based inflation, or retail inflation, eased to 6.46 per cent in September - its lowest since January 2012 - from 7.73 per cent in August.
However, RBI Deputy Governor H R Khan had recently said that iinflation still has a "long way to go" and cautioned against early celebrations. ( Read more )
BofA-ML said that the case for lower rates looked increasingly compelling.
"September growth will likely slow to around 5 per cent from 5.7 per cent last quarter, buttressing our view that recovery will need lending rate cuts," the report said.
It said that a case for rate cut also arises as imported inflation is moderating, with oil prices stabilising on Federal Reserve rate hike expectations and the rupee holding at 58-62 levels against dollar due to the RBI recouping foreign exchange reserves.
The report estimates CPI inflation to drop to 5.7 per cent in October from 6.5 per cent in September.
BofA-ML said economists expect the first rate hike by the US central bank in September against earlier expectations of June.
"It is another matter that we believe the RBI should be able to cut even if the Fed hikes, so long as it recoups foreign exchange reserves to stabilise rupee expectations," it noted.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 12:48 (IST)

SBI s Bhattacharya Most Powerful Indian Woman in Business: FortuneBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Arundhati Bhattacharya, the chairperson of State Bank of India (SBI), has been named as the most powerful woman in business in India by Fortune magazine.
ICICI Bank's Chanda Kochhar and Shikha Sharma of Axis Bank follow Ms Bhattacharya at the second and the third places, respectively.
In the Fortune India list of 50 most powerful businesswomen, there are as many as eight new entrants.
Two first timers - Ms Bhattacharya and Nishi Vasudeva, the chairperson and managing director of HPCL (4th) - have made a cut into the top 10.
Ms Bhattacharya, chairperson of India's largest lender, made to number one spot "due to her relentless fight against bad loans", Fortune India said.
"Since she took over a year or so ago, she has improved assets quality, cut costs and recapitalised SBI (State Bank of India)."
"That's no mean feat when you consider that SBI has 190 foreign offices, a market cap of Rs 1.9 lakh crore and 2,22,033 employees," the magazine noted.
These powerful women represent various sectors such as banking, finance, healthcare, media, fashion and entertainment.
Other new entrants include Shahnaz Husain, founder of Shahnaz Group of Companies, Zarin Daruwala, president-wholesale banking at ICICI Bank, Archana Hingorani, CEO and executive director at IL&FS Investment Managers, Vani Kola, managing director at Kalaari Capital, and Valerie Wagoner, managing director at Zipdial.
"The country's most powerful women in business once again show that people may change, but the idea of power does not," the magazine further said.
The other women who figure in the top 10 include Zia Mody, co-founder of AZB Partners, Mallika Srinivasan, CEO of TAFE, Aruna Jayanthi, CEO of Capgemini India, Preetha Reddy, managing director at Apollo Hospital Enterprise, Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, chairperson and managing director at Biocon.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 11:40 (IST)

Overseas Investors Infuse Rs 5 200 Crore in Indian Capital MarketYou are here: Home Market
Overseas Investors Infuse Rs 5,200 Crore in Indian Capital Market
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 09, 2014 14:28 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
New Delhi: Foreign investors have pumped in close to Rs 5,200 crore in the Indian capital markets in first week of the month on positive global cues coupled with the government's reforms agenda.
Net investments by overseas investors in the equity market were Rs 4,412 crore ($718 million) during November 3-7 while a net Rs 765 crore ($125 million) was put in the debt market, taking the total to Rs 5,177 crore ($843 million), as per the latest data.
Market analysts said that overseas investors (foreign institutional investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) are betting on hopes that European Central Bank (ECB) may announce stimulus measures to revive growth in euro zone economies. Besides, Japan has already announced a plan to expand its additional stimulus package.
They believe that some of this excess liquidity will come to India compared to other emerging market countries.
Moreover, foreign investors are betting on India on account of the reforms agenda of the central government.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 2.23 lakh crore ($37 billion) into the country's securities market.
This includes a net investment of Rs 86,678 crore in equities and Rs 1.37 lakh crore into debt market.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $208
billion, while their investments in rupee terms is Rs 10.14 lakh crore.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $160 billion investments into equities and further about $47 billion in the debt markets.
From the beginning of June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to create a new investor category called foreign portfolio investors.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 13:58 (IST)

Deepak Fertilisers Buys 5.94% Stake in Mangalore ChemicalsYou are here: Home Corporates
Deepak Fertilisers Buys 5.94 Per Cent Stake in Mangalore Chemicals
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 09, 2014 14:21 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Intensifying its takeover battle with Zuari Group, Deepak Fertilisers has bought an additional stake of about 6 per cent in Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilisers Ltd (MCFL) for Rs 65.93 crore through an open offer.
The company purchased 70,44,397 shares in MCFL, equivalent to a 5.94 per cent stake, in the open offer closed on October 20, Deepak Fertilisers said. The company had launched open offer at a price of Rs 93.60 apiece on October 1.
After the open offer, Deepak Fertilisers has a 31.25 per cent stake in the company whereas Rival Zuari-UB group combine, which had offered the counter bid at Rs 81.60 per share, could acquire only 48,000 shares and currently holds 38.4 per cent in MCFL.
After the latest round of takeover battle, the Zuari group along with Vijay Mallya's UB group needs about 12 per cent additional stake in MCFL to take control of the company while Deepak Fertilisers would require more than 18 per cent stake in the MCFL.
Both open offers started on October 1 and closed on October 20.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilisers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought an about 10 per cent stake in MCFL through open market.
Later, Deepak Fertilisers acquired a 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in one go in July 2013. After this, Zuari group had increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
Mangalore Chemicals' takeover battle got heated up again after the Competition Commission of India (CCI) cleared an open offer launched by Zuari Group firms on September 4. The fair trade regulator had cleared the open offer of Deepak Fertilisers on August 19.
Zuari Agro Chemicals had also entered into an agreement this year to use Mangalore Chemicals' facilities for contract production.
Also, MCFL in a BSE filing on October 1 said that the company had shut its urea plant due to expiry of permission given by the government for production of farm nutrient from high cost feedstock naptha.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 13:58 (IST)

Muthoot Finance Seeks Sebi Nod to Mop Up Rs 400 Crore via NCDYou are here: Home Corporates
Muthoot Finance Seeks Sebi Nod to Mop Up Rs 400 Crore via NCD
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 09, 2014 13:59 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Gold financing company Muthoot Finance has sought approval of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) for raising up to Rs 400 crore through non-convertible debentures (NCDs) to support lending activities.
NCDs are loan-linked securities issued by a company and cannot be converted into stocks. They usually carry a higher interest rate than a convertible debenture.
"Public issue by Muthoot Finance of secured redeemable NCDs and unsecured redeemable NCDs of face value of Rs 1,000 each, aggregating up to Rs 2,000 million with an option to retain over subscription up to Rs 2,000 million for issuance of additional NCDs aggregating to a total of up to Rs 4,000 million," the prospectus stated.
The funds raised through the issue would be used for financing and lending activities and for general corporate purposes.
Muthoot Finance has already raised a total of Rs 864 crore via two tranches through NCDs route in the current fiscal year (2014-15) so far.
ICICI Securities is the lead manager to the proposed issue and Link Intime India Private Limited is the registrar.      
Muthoot Finance is one of the largest gold financing company in India, with more than 4,200 branches as of June 30, 2014.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 13:58 (IST)

Kingfisher Seeks Basis of Wilful Defaulter Tag From UCO Bank: ReportBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Kolkata: Kingfisher Airlines has written to UCO Bank wanting to know the basis of attaching the 'wilful defaulter' tag on the grounder carrier.
"First we had sent the airline and its corporate guarantor a notice asking why the two entities should not be declared as wilful defaulters," a source in the bank told PTI. Now, the airline has communicated that it wanted to know the basis of why the 'wilful defaulter' tag was being attached to the company.
"We will certainly give them a reply and also ask whether Mallya was keen to represent his case before the grievance redressal cell or depute some lawyers," the source added.
He said that the bank was bound to give a reply in order to ensure principal of natural justice, adding that UCO had followed all the laid-down norms required for declaring anyone as wilful defaulter.
As per Reserve Bank of India guidelines, a person or an entity could be declared as wilful defaulter if it was found that repayment of loans was not done despite having the capacity to pay or there had been instances of diversion of loan funds taken.
The carrier had availed a loan of around Rs 350 crore to meet working capital needs, and United Beverages was the corporate guarantor.
Other lenders such as State Bank of India (SBI), Punjab National  Bank (PNB) and United Bank of India were also working on the same lines.
On September 1, state-owned United Bank of India became the first lender to declare the debt-ridden Kingfisher Airlines, its promoter Vijay Mallya and other directors, as wilful defaulters as the company allegedly indulged in diversion of funds by opening multiple accounts.
Later, Kingfisher Airlines had said it has secured a stay from the Calcutta High Court on United Bank of India declaring the airline and its directors, including promoter Vijay Mallya, as wilful defaulters.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 13:06 (IST)

For India  Burger King to have Veggie Burgers and SandwichesYou are here: Home Corporates
For India, Burger King to have Veggie Burgers and Sandwiches
Reuters | Updated On: November 08, 2014 13:34 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai: US fast food chain Burger King Worldwide will open about 12 outlets in India over the next 60-90 days, Rajeev Varman, chief executive of the hamburger chain's India unit said on Saturday.
The chain announced last year a tie-up with the Everstone Group to develop the Burger King brand presence in the country.
In India, the hamburger chain has changed its menu to sell mutton, chicken and veggie sandwiches, burgers.
"In the long run, India is going to be one of the largest markets globally. Burger King most certainly sees India as one of the biggest opportunities in the future," Mr Varman said ahead of the chain's first store opening in New Delhi.
Burger King is a late entrant in the country. Rival McDonald's Corp has been around for close to two decades and has already grown its network in tier two and three cities.
"Turkey, China and Russia are each growing by around 100 restaurants a year. Here in India, we will set up our first few restaurants and use that to fine-tune our operating model before determining our growth plans," Mr Varman said in an email.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Hasmukh Adhia Takes Charge as Financial Services SecretaryYou are here: Home Economy
Hasmukh Adhia Takes Charge as Financial Services Secretary
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 07, 2014 19:34 (IST)
More Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: Hasmukh Adhia on Friday took charge as the Secretary of the Department of Financial Services in the Ministry of Finance.
Mr Adhia succeeds G S Sandhu, who has been appointed as the Chairman of the National Authority for Chemical Weapons Convention.
"Hasmukh Adhia, has taken over as Secretary, Department of Financial Services, Ministry of Finance, Government of India, here today," an official release said.
Mr Adhia is an Indian Administrative Services officer of 1981 batch from Gujarat cadre.
He was appointed as the Secretary, Financial Services by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet on Monday.
Mr Adhia's appointment is the third secretary-level change in the Finance Ministry after former Revenue Secretary Rajiv Takru was shifted to Department of North Eastern Region and former Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram was first shifted to Tourism Ministry and later to Minority Affairs Ministry.
The transfers come amid the Finance Ministry readying work for Budget 2015-16.
Mr Adhia was Additional Chief Secretary, Finance Department, Government of Gujarat.
Prior to this, he was Principal Secretary Education Department from April 2008 to January, 2013, and Principal Secretary to the then Chief Minister of Gujarat from May 2004 to May 2006.
He had also held the positions of Industries Commissioner, managing director at Gujarat Industrial Investment Corporation, and vice chairman and managing director at Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation.
Story first published on: November 07, 2014 16:59 (IST)

5 Things to Keep in Mind About Provident FundRBI Doubles Pre-Paid Card Limit to Rs 1 Lakh
The Employees' Provident Fund plays a very important role in building up the corpus to be used during the post-retirement phase of one's life. It is by far the easiest way to invest. The features of fixed returns and taxability also make it an attractive option for investing.
However, many of us tend to ignore these benefits and treat the EPF in an indifferent manner. Investing in Employees' Provident Fund can be a very beneficial investment decision if one understands some essential factors and follows simple principles.
Explained below are some of these basic principles:
1. Don't opt out
The fixed monthly contribution is the core of provident fund investment. The fund is built up by the regular monthly investment, which is 12 per cent of the basic salary of the individual. The employer too has to contribute the same amount towards Employees' Provident Fund as its share. In some organisations, the employees get an option not to contribute for the fund whereas the employer's contribution would be mandatory. On the other hand, there is a Voluntary Employees' Provident Fund option, which allows them to contribute more than 12 per cent of the basic salary to ensure a higher corpus in future, but the employer's contribution cannot exceed the pre-determined level of 12 per cent of the basic salary. One should contribute at least the minimum investment amount towards it. By investing in Employees' Provident Fund, you can avail benefits under Section 80C of the Income Tax laws.
2. Wait until retirement
The Employees' Provident Fund schemes are specifically made to attain financial security during post-retirement life. They have strict withdrawal and taxation rules which make the fund a suitable option to invest. The corpus, if allowed to build up along with the incremental contribution after each year, can reap very high benefits in the long run. A salaried employee with basic salary of Rs 15,000 and 30 years left for retirement can attain a corpus of Rs 1.72 crore at the time of retirement. The power of compounding plays a major role in accumulating such huge returns. If properly utilized, the EPF can solve half the problems of fund requirement after retirement.
3. Don't treat it as a surplus
The Employees' Provident Fund is considered by many as an alternative surplus amount to be used to fulfill certain short-term goals. Sometimes it is treated as an emergency fund. It would be prudent not to treat the fund as an additional surplus and leave it alone only for the retirement goal.
There is an option to avail a loan on the Employees' Provident Fund amount in one's account, which is used by a lot of investors as the loan rates are lesser than the rates offered by the banks for personal loans. Typically, these loans are availed to meet short-term financial needs like marriage, construction of a house or any medical emergency. Although being a reserve it looks very tempting to withdraw from the Employees' Provident Fund, the long-term impact of making such decisions should be considered before opting for such a loan. For goals other than retirement, there are avenues which can fulfill the investment requirement and are more feasible options than withdrawing from the PF account.
4. Roll over the account during job change
In case of an individual who has worked with more than one employer, the employee has the option to transfer the balance in the previous company's PF account to the account belonging to the new organisation. In case if the amount is not transferred and kept idle it tends to get ignored and eventually forgotten by most of them. Moreover, the interest is accrued only for three years in a PF account which has been kept idle. If not done within 3 years of leaving the organization, EPF account transfer becomes a difficult and tedious procedure to follow. One should ensure that the accounts are rolled over and clubbed with the new account to ensure proper capital appreciation.
5. Apply for a universal PF account number
Salaried professionals who have worked in multiple organisations go through the trouble of transferring and managing multiple accounts belonging to their older companies. To tackle that tricky situation, the Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) is now providing a Unique Account Number (UAN) where multiple accounts can be managed through a single portal. The scheme was launched in October 2014. It is advisable for all working professionals to obtain their UAN's to ensure convenient management of their PF accounts.
CONCLUSION
Provident fund is a very strong investment tool as part of retirement planning. However, one should not rely totally on the EPF as due to fixed returns, it does not allow you to reap the benefits of the long-term growth in the market. Also, the corpus which one receives at the time of retirement may not be sufficient totally for the post-retirement life, considering medical inflation. Other investment options should be explored to ensure complete fulfillment of the retirement goal.
ArthaYantra.com provides personal financial advice online.
Disclaimer: The opinions expressed in this article are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV Profit is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability, or validity of any information on this article.
Story first published on: November 08, 2014 13:09 (IST)

Indian Employees to See 11% Salary Hike in 2015: ReportIIT Student Gets Rs 1.5 Crore Pay Package
New Delhi: Employees in India will see their salaries increase by an average of 10.9 per cent in 2015, the third highest pay rise in Asia after Pakistan and Vietnam, says an ECA International report.
According to the latest Salary Trends survey by ECA International, the biggest pay rises in the region have been forecast in Pakistan where companies are anticipating 12 per cent rises on an average. For Indian employees the average hike has been forecast at 10.9 per cent.
Although wage increases in India are among the highest in Asia, salaries would rise only 3.4 per cent on average next year if inflation is taken into account,
"Nevertheless, with inflation expected to be slightly lower next year wages will increase more in real terms in 2015 than they did this year when they rose just 2.7 per cent above inflation," ECA International regional director for Asia, Lee Quane said.
In the Asian region, once inflation is taken into account, India's place falls to seventh on the list, while Vietnam tops the chart and Pakistan slips to the third position.
While China would occupy the second place. Thailand, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka would be placed in fourth, fifth and sixth places, respectively, in real terms.
Employees in Japan would see the region's lowest wage hikes next year and much of the 2.3 per cent increase is likely to be eroded by inflation, it says.
Meanwhile, companies in mainland China are planning to award an average 8 per cent salary increases again next year.
Even after inflation, staff there will be among the best off within the region and globally: they can expect to see rise of 5.5 per cent, says the report.
On average, salaries in Asia are expected to increase by 7.2 per cent in 2015 after factoring in inflation. Moreover, in terms of real wage rises (after taking inflation into account) it will average 2.7 per cent, higher than the other regions surveyed.
According to company predictions from around the globe, wages would rise 5.8 per cent on an average in 2015, slightly up on this year's 5.6 per cent average.
Story first published on: November 07, 2014 13:48 (IST)

IMF  US Encourage ECB  Japan Monetary StimulusYou are here: Home Global Economy
IMF, US Encourage ECB, Japan Monetary Stimulus
Reuters | Updated On: November 08, 2014 15:26 (IST)
ECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
The International Monetary Fund and the United States encouraged the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan toward greater monetary stimulus on Friday and urged governments around the world to do their share to cultivate growth in their countries.
Calling the world economy "fragile, brittle and fragmented", IMF Managing Director Christine Lagarde told a conference of central bankers in Paris it was "perfectly legitimate and appropriate" for the ECB and the BoJ to take unconventional steps to combat low inflation and economic stagnation.
US Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said central banks "need to be prepared to employ all available tools, including unconventional policies, to support economic growth and reach their inflation targets," especially where governments have withdrawn fiscal stimulus.
The comments came a day after the European Central Bank ordered its staff to start preparing for bolder measures if needed to fight slowing inflation, on top of a range of rate cuts, asset purchases and lending operations already agreed.
However, Indian central bank governor Raghuram Rajan said whether "more stimulus is the answer" was a good question. More economic reforms were equally important, he said.
Ms Lagarde said governments with healthy budget positions should do more to support growth, describing as insufficient a German announcement of an extra 10 billion euros in spending on public infrastructure over the next three years.
"In this part of the world, we have to repeat over and over that monetary policy cannot be the only game in town, and that there has to be a combination of sound fiscal policies, use of fiscal space for those countries that have fiscal space in order to support growth and rejuvenate that growth," she said.
"Clearly, the announcement that was made yesterday was in the very small ballpark of what will be needed in order to do that."
ECB Governing Council member Christian Noyer said central banks, including his own, should be prepared to buy public debt if needed to avert deflation or a run on sovereign bonds.
"Such an action may be vindicated if there are risks to macroeconomic or financial stability or even if self-fulfilling runs on public debt may be a threat to market access, or lastly to avoid the deflationary consequences of a public debt event," Noyer told the conference.
Bumpy transition
Other speakers warned that the impact of the world's major central banks taking divergent policy directions after a long phase of easy money could cause turmoil among currencies and increase volatility across the financial markets.
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney spoke of a probable "bumpy transition" between a period when markets have been awash with cheap central bank liquidity and a return to more normal monetary conditions.
"We're in this - with some exceptions - low-volatility, compressed-spread environment, particularly around liquidity premia. That's going to change as things normalise," said Carney, who also chairs the global Financial Stability Board.
"But that reality, or that likelihood, shouldn't, in my view, impact the timing of the start of normalisation."
The US Federal Reserve Bank ended a multi-year bond-buying programme last week, although its policymakers differ about the timing and pace of future interest rate rises.
New York Fed chief William Dudley told the conference the Fed was likely to raise US interest rates "sometime next year" and investors seemed to be getting the message of patience in this policy-tightening cycle.
Mohamed El-Erian, an economic adviser to German insurer Allianz and former co-chief of bond giant Pimco, said central bankers should not underestimate the risk of currency market swings as their monetary policies take divergent paths.
"As much as these currency moves may contribute to global rebalancing on paper, I would just caution from a market perspective not to underestimate ... the speed and size of currency moves," he said.
No alarm over euro
The euro fell to its lowest level since 2012 on Thursday, below $1.24, after ECB President Mario Draghi announced the unanimous determination of the bank's policy-setting council to take further unconventional measures if necessary to combat a slowdown in inflation.
The ECB has begun a new wave of unlimited four-year cheap loans to banks in an effort to revive lending to businesses. It has now added purchases of covered bonds and is set to buy the bundled loans known as asset-backed securities.
Draghi effectively committed the bank to boost its balance sheet by about 1 trillion euros ($1.24 trillion), towards the levels it had at the peak of the euro zone crisis in 2012, through those measures, and through others if they fell short.
But while the euro has dropped some 11 per cent of its value against the dollar this year, it has not provoked undue alarm from Europe's trading partners so far.
Central bankers said the issue arose on the sidelines of the annual IMF meetings in Washington last month, but other major economies understood that a weaker euro was preferable to seeing deflation in the euro area.
BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda, chairing one of the sessions, hinted that the Japanese government should move faster to open up the economy to more competition to boost growth. His comments come after the Bank of Japan decided to expand its monetary stimulus policy to try to lift an economy still struggling to emerge from a decade of deflation and economic stagnation.
Lagarde said the Tokyo government should move ahead with its commitments to raise consumption tax and make more space for women in the Japanese economy.
(1 US dollar = 0.8071 euros)
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

US Labour Market Tightens  But Wages Still AnaemicYou are here: Home Global Economy
US Labour Market Tightens, But Wages Still Anaemic
Reuters | Updated On: November 08, 2014 15:34 (IST)
ECB Weighs Further Action as Economic Picture Darkens
Washington: US job growth increased at a steady clip in October and the unemployment rate fell to a fresh six-year low, underscoring the economy's resilience in the face of slowing global demand.
Despite the strengthening labour market, wage growth remained tepid, suggesting little need for the Federal Reserve to hurry to start lifting interest rates.
Employers added 214,000 new jobs to their payrolls last month, the Labor Department said on Friday. The unemployment rate fell to 5.8 per cent from 5.9 per cent, even as more people entered the labour force - a further sign of strength.
"The report confirms that the US remains the bright spot in a global economic picture filling with clouds," said Michael Griffin, managing director at CEB in Arlington, Virginia.
The jobless rate has dropped by 0.8 percentage point since January, and employment gains have now topped 200,000 for nine straight months, the longest stretch since 1994.
Last month's increase was a bit smaller than economists on Wall Street had expected, but that was offset by a combined 31,000 upward revision to data for August and September.
In addition, the hiring was broad-based and most of the measures Fed Chair Janet Yellen tracks to gauge the amount of slack in the labour market improved.
The US central bank last week struck a relatively upbeat tune on the jobs picture as it ended a bond-buying stimulus program, but even after the employment data, financial markets held to their view that benchmark rates would stay near zero until the second half of 2015.
"Continued progress in labor markets will likely keep the Fed on a path to normalization, but it will likely remain patient ... given modest wage and inflation pressures," said Michael Gapen, a senior economist at Barclays in New York.
Prices for US Treasury debt rose, while the dollar retreated from a 4-1/2-year high against a basket of currencies. US stocks were little changed.
Wages still sluggish
Average hourly earnings rose only three cents last month, leaving the year-on-year increase at 2.0 per cent, the level it has been around for the last few years.
The muted wage growth partly reflects the types of jobs being created. In October, about a fifth of the new jobs were in the food services sector.
But other data have begun to show wages picking up and economists said further gains should be forthcoming.
Not only are more people working, but they are also putting in longer hours. Last month, the average workweek hit a near 6-1/2-year high.
With both payrolls and the workweek expanding, a proxy for take-home wages rose 0.6 per cent, a gain that put it 4.8 per cent above its year-ago level, the largest increase since March 2012.
"When viewed in combination with rising household wealth and improving consumer confidence, we expect on-going gains in consumer spending," said Robert Hughes, senior research fellow at the American Institute for Economic Research in Great Barrington, Massachusetts.
The US economy's vigor stands in sharp relief to many other major economies around the globe. The euro zone and Japan are not far from recession, and even China is slowing.
In the United States, the labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, increased by one-tenth of percentage point to 62.8 per cent after two straight months of declines.
The employment-to-population ratio touched its highest level since July 2009, while the ranks of the long-term unemployed were the smallest in nearly six years.
A broad measure of joblessness that includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment fell three-tenths of percentage point to a six-year low of 11.5 per cent.
Hiring in the factory sector picked up after two sluggish months, and construction payrolls also expanded.
Retail hiring advanced by 27,100 as stores gear up for a busy holiday shopping season, while government employment increased by 5,000.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Chinese Social Networking Service Momo Files for IPOYou are here: Home Market
Chinese Social Networking Service Momo Files for IPO
Reuters | Updated On: November 08, 2014 15:44 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
China's Momo Inc, a mobile-based social networking platform, filed with US regulators on Friday to raise up to $300 million in an initial public offering of its American Depositary Shares (ADS).
The company said it was the No. 3 instant messaging app in China, and also offered mobile games, paid emoticons and mobile marketing services. Its user base more than doubled to 180.3 million in the year through September.
Social messaging services have drawn considerable investor interest of late. While Facebook Inc paid $19 billion for Whatsapp, Viber was bought by online retailer Rakuten Inc for $900 million earlier this year.
South Korea's Naver Corp said in July that its Japan-based messaging application subsidiary Line Corp had applied for an IPO at the Tokyo Stock Exchange, and was considering a dual listing in Japan and the United States.
The number of mobile Internet users in China are expected to rise by about 28 per cent to 712.4 million between 2013 and 2017, according to market research firm eMarketer.
Momo, which earns 63 per cent of its revenue from membership subscription fees, reported revenue of $13.9 million for the six months ended June 30. Net loss widened to $48.6 million from $8.4 million from a year earlier.
The company, which more-than-quadrupled its number of employees to 358 in the past two years, intends to use the proceeds from the IPO for research and development and other general corporate purposes.
Momo intends to list its ADSs on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "MOMO". It listed Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse and J.P. Morgan Securities among underwriters to the IPO.
The filing did not reveal how many shares the company planned to sell or their expected price.
The amount of money a company says it plans to raise in its first IPO filings is used to calculate registration fees. The final size of the IPO could be different.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Microsoft Makes More Office Features Free on iPadsYou are here: Home Corporates
Microsoft Makes More Office Features Free on iPads
Reuters | Updated On: November 08, 2014 13:57 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Seattle:
Microsoft Corp on Thursday said users of its Office suite of applications on Apple Inc's iPad would be able to create and edit documents for free instead of paying for a subscription, in a bid to capture more mobile users.
The move is the latest, and one of the most dramatic, in Microsoft's new strategy of getting customers to use their services regardless of device or operating system, rather than lose them to a proliferation of free or cheap alternatives.
The new strategy, led by new chief executive Satya Nadella, is a recognition that the dominance of Windows and Office on PCs has not translated to the fast-growing mobile arena, where Apple's phones and tablets and devices running Google Inc's Android rule.
Mr Nadella's first major move after taking the helm in February was to make Office available on the iPad, which has attracted 40 million users.
By downloading a free app, users could read Office documents in Word, Excel and PowerPoint but had to buy a subscription, starting at $7 per month, to create or edit them. From Thursday, that will now be free.
Microsoft also announced on Thursday it is releasing Word, Excel and PowerPoint apps for the iPhone for the first time, and rolling out a test version of those apps for Android tablets, which are expected to be released fully early next year.
The world's largest software company still has not released fully touch-optimized Office apps for Windows, but hinted on Thursday that they would be released with Windows 10 sometime next year.
Microsoft's Office suite is still the gold standard for work applications on the PC, but easy to use, touch-friendly work apps like Haiku Deck, Quip, Smartsheet and Evernote, plus a full range of Google Apps, have quickly gained a following among younger users who regularly create and consume content on mobile devices.
On Thursday, business networking site LinkedIn Corp said it would integrate Haiku Deck - a free alternative to Microsoft's PowerPoint - into its SlideShare platform, where 70 million users create and share presentations.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Berkshire s Earnings Down 9 Percent From Year AgoAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Dark Web  Drug Site Challenge Law EnforcementAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Pilot s Survival From Fall Is  No Minor MiracleAt least three people died today in the Philippines but Typhoon Hagupit appears to have spared the region’s residents...
Aaron Favila/AP Photo

Miami Heat s Chris Bosh Lists Dallas Condo
Disney bull case 2 years out: Analyst
Obama plans to nominate Lynch as attorney generalBy Juliet Eilperin and Sari Horwitz November 7 Follow @eilperin Follow @sarihorwitz
President Obama nominated U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch as his next attorney general on Saturday. (AP)
President Obama intends to nominate U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch as his next attorney general, the White House said Friday. If confirmed, she would be the first African American woman to serve in that post.
"Ms. Lynch is a strong, independent prosecutor who has twice led one of the most important U.S. Attorney’s Offices in the country," said White House spokesman Josh Earnest in a statement, adding that both Lynch and outgoing Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. will join Obama in the Roosevelt Room on Saturday for the announcement.
Lynch "will succeed Eric Holder, whose tenure has been marked by historic gains in the areas of criminal justice reform and civil rights enforcement," Earnest said.
CNN reported the possible nomination earlier Friday.
U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch in July 1 2014. (Lucas Jackson/Reuters)
Lynch, who had been rumored to be a leading contender to replace Holder , chairs the Justice Department review commission that has advised Holder on policy decisions. Lynch, 55, has twice been confirmed by the Senate to serve as the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York, first from 1999 to 2001 and the second time in 2010.
Lynch's office has prosecuted major political corruption, terrorism and organized crime cases. She oversaw the prosecution of New York police officers for brutality in the case of Abner Louima, a Haitian immigrant, during her first term in the post. Her office is now prosecuting Rep. Michael Grimm (R-N.Y.), who was just reelected Tuesday, for fraud.
Lynch, the daughter of a Baptist minister, was born and grew up in Greensboro, N.C. She received a bachelor's degree from Harvard College and a law degree from Harvard Law School.
Lynch enjoys the strong support of Democrats as well as progressive activists. Sen. Charles E. Schumer (N.Y.), a close White House ally, issued a one-line statement Friday saying, “Loretta Lynch would make an outstanding Attorney General.”
Alliance for Justice President Nan Aaron, whose group represents a coalition of 100 liberal groups, also cheered the prospect of Lynch's nomination in a statement.
"We are confident that Lynch will build on Holder’s strong legacy of standing up for civil rights and ensuring equal justice for all Americans," she said. "We call on Ms. Lynch to take a leading role in addressing the Supreme Court’s repeated efforts to deny access to the courts and the ballot box."
This post has been updated.
Juliet Eilperin is a White House correspondent for The Washington Post, covering domestic and foreign policy as well as the culture of 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. She is the author of two books—one on sharks, and another on Congress, not to be confused with each other—and has worked for the Post since 1998.
Sari Horwitz covers the Justice Department and criminal justice issues nationwide for The Washington Post, where she has been a reporter for 30 years. Follow her @SariHorwitz.

Why the NRA is so powerful  in 1 chartBy Aaron Blake November 8 Follow @aaronblakewp
NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre (Bonnie Jo Mount/The Washington Post)
After the shootings at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., two years ago, the National Rifle Association stood resolute against new federal gun-control measures. And its head, Wayne LaPierre, often repeated the same 18 words.
"The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun."
As it turns out, a strong majority of Americans agree with this statement -- at least when it comes to their own homes. And while most social movements are slow-changing, Americans have moved toward embracing guns in the home rather rapidly.
Gallup has long asked Americans whether they thought having a gun in their home would make their home "safer" or "more dangerous." In 2000, 35 percent of Americans thought it would make them safer. Today, that number is at 63 percent.
Here's the progression. It's almost totally linear:
What's nearly as interesting is that, even as people are increasingly embracing the idea of guns in the home, the number of homes with guns in them hasn't really risen.
In fact, the percentage of homes with guns in them -- while steady during the 21st century, is actually down from the 1960s, '70s, '80s and even early 1990s. Currently, 42 percent of Americans have a gun in their home, according to Gallup's data.
While the Senate was debating increased background checks after Newtown, gun-control supporters were fond of citing polls that showed as many as 90 percent of Americans supported the concept of the legislation. It wasn't enough to get the bill across the finish line, and the NRA won.
Part of that debate involved LaPierre pressing for the installation of armed guards in schools for the purpose of defending students from armed intruders.
At least when it comes to their homes, Americans seem to agree with that philosophy.
Updated at 4:21 p.m.

Fox Newss Bill OReilly flunks Obamacare 101By Erik Wemple November 7 Follow @ErikWemple
On Thursday night, the soon-to-be-Republican-controlled Congress got some great advice from Fox News host Bill O’Reilly . Cut taxes on corporate income and on capital gains, urged the host. Secure the border with a high-tech fence, he counseled. Those are controversial ideas, but they’re at least straightforward.
Now consider how O’Reilly handled Obamacare: “It would be a bad idea to try to repeal Obamacare. President Obama will veto the attempt so it’s a complete waste of time. If a Republican gets elected President in 2016, then you repeal it. Remember there are some good things about Obamacare like insurance companies can’t throw you off the policy if you get sick. So the GOP should be patient on the Obamacare stuff.”
To start with the good stuff, O’Reilly is clearly on target about President Obama vetoing any repeal of his signature domestic initiative. That ends the good stuff.
The gist of O’Reilly’s suggestion is that Republicans should eventually pursue repeal of Obamacare, even though there are some good elements in the law. It almost reads as a call for Obamacare cherry-picking, which has something of a history inside the Beltway. Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah) last year, for example, took aim at what at less popular elements of Obamacare — like the mandate that individuals procure insurance — while stressing he wanted to keep intact the more popular elements, like the preexisting conditions requirement and the provision that children can stay on their parents’ plans up to age 26.
You can’t do that. As has been pointed out infinite times, Obamacare is a policy design that embodies trade-offs for insurance companies. In rebutting Lee’s attack on the law in a Salt Lake Tribune piece, Josh Kanter, founder of the Alliance for a Better Utah, put the deal in direct language:
Obamacare…was the result of a “grand bargain” made among the administration, Congress and the insurance industry, classically using various “carrots” and “sticks.” From Congress’ standpoint, the bargain included a carrot — the individual mandate. By requiring everyone to acquire insurance, the insurance companies wouldn’t be stuck with just the sickest among us. But with that carrot came some sticks — most notably, those items listed above which are already tremendously popular: elimination of pre-existing conditions, the increased age limitation, and elimination of the lifetime cap.
So when O’Reilly endorses certain attractive components of Obamacare, accordingly, he is effectively endorsing all of Obamacare, though you won’t hear him admitting as much.
Erik Wemple writes the Erik Wemple blog, where he reports and opines on media organizations of all sorts.

National Gallery of Art skating rink to open Nov. 14By Alex Baldinger November 7 Follow @baldinger
The impending Arctic blast  aimed at the East Coast next week couldn't come at a better time for the skating rink at the National Gallery of Art Sculpture Garden. The gallery announced today that the 2014-15 ice skating season will begin Nov. 14 and continue through March 16.
(Matt McClain/For The Washington Post)
The rink will be open every day except Christmas and New Year's Day, when it rains or when the temperature drops below 20 degrees. (Thankfully, that shouldn't be an issue next week.)
Hours are Monday-Thursday 10 a.m. to 9 p.m., Friday and Saturday 10 a.m. to 11 p.m. and Sunday 11 a.m. to 9 p.m. (The rink will close at 5 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day and Christmas Eve.) It's $8 to skate for a two-hour session, and $7 for ages 50 and older, 12 and younger and students with valid ID. Skate rental is $3.
National Gallery of Art Ice Rink , Ninth Street and Constitution Avenue NW (Metro: Archives-Navy Memorial). 
Alex Baldinger is editor of the Going Out Guide blog, which covers food, drink, arts, music, events and other curiosities in the D.C. area. He is forever in search of a great sandwich.

Traffic  transit tips for weekend travelBy Robert Thomson November 7 Follow @RT_Thomson
A 10K race will close one span of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge on Sunday while the other remains open to two-way traffic. (Michael Lutzky/The Washington Post)
The Capital Weather Gang is handing you an excuse not to rake leaves this weekend: Breezy and windy conditions seem likely through much of the next couple days.
That may leave time to take in D.C. United’s game at 2:30 p.m. Saturday in RFK Stadium. Sunday’s big outdoor event is a race scheduled to close one span of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge, resulting in travel delays.
Here are more tips to guide your weekend travels in the D.C. area.
Metro’s weekend schedule
This is a light weekend for Metrorail’s track work program, with significant changes limited to the Red and Green lines.
Red Line. Crews will work on the rails between Friendship Heights and Medical Center and between Fort Totten and Takoma. All along the line, trains are scheduled to operate every 16 minutes from 10 p.m. Friday through the rail system’s midnight closing Sunday.
Green Line. Crews will work on the tracks between Prince George’s Plaza and Greenbelt. Trains are scheduled to operate every 20 minutes from 10 p.m. Friday through midnight Sunday.
Orange Line. After 10 p.m. Sunday, passengers at Foggy Bottom, Rosslyn and Court House will board all trains on the Vienna side of the platform. Trains will operate every 20 to 25 minutes. Crews will work on tracks between Clarendon and Foggy Bottom.
Silver Line. Because of the same work zone, riders at Foggy Bottom, Rosslyn and Court House will board all trains on the Wiehle-Reston East side of the platform starting at 10 p.m. Sunday. Trains will operate every 20 to 25 minutes.
Blue Line. Riders at Foggy Bottom and Rosslyn will board all trains on the Franconia-Springfield side of the platform after 10 p.m. Sunday. Crews will work on the tracks between Arlington Cemetery and Foggy Bottom.Trains will operate every 20 to 25 minutes.
For the Orange, Blue and Silver lines, that 10 p.m. to midnight pattern will repeat each weekend through Thursday, with the exception of Tuesday. No track work is scheduled for Veterans Day.
Across the Bay 10K
The eastbound span of the Chesapeake Bay Bridge is scheduled to close to traffic from 2 a.m. to 2 p.m. Sunday, for the Across the Bay 10K run. The span that normally serves westbound traffic will be open to two-way traffic during those hours. One lane will be open in each direction, and the center lane will be closed, unless it’s needed to ease westbound delays.
The event will cause delays, so the best time to drive across the bridge on Sunday will likely be before 6 a.m. or after 6 p.m.
Two traffic detours will be set up on the Eastern Shore during the run: The ramp from eastbound Route 50 to Route 8 will be closed, and drivers will be directed to the next exit at Thompson Creek Road. From there, they will head west on Route 835 to the signal at Route 8. Also closed will be the ramp from southbound Route 8 to westbound Route 50. Drivers will be directed to Route 18 and then to the roundabout at Castle Marina Road and onto westbound Route 50.
More information about the 10K, including parking details, is available on the event’s Web site.
I-95 HOV lanes
With the opening of the 95 Express Lanes set for December, the Virginia Department of Transportation this weekend plans to close the High Occupancy Vehicle (HOV) lanes on I-395/95 between the D.C. line and Dumfries Road (Route 234) from 11 p.m. Friday through 5 a.m. Monday.
This is partly for construction but also to test the entry and exit gates and the overhead signs along the 29-mile route. So drivers along the regular lanes of I-95/395 may see Virginia State Police and highway safety trucks at several entry ramps to make sure that traffic doesn’t enter the closed HOV lanes during the testing.
Intercounty Connector
Crews this weekend will prepare to open the final phase of Maryland’s Intercounty Connector , linking Interstate 95 and Route 1 near the Muirkirk MARC station. That stretch should be open in time for Monday morning’s rush, but meanwhile, watch for signs throughout that area, and for construction workers setting up the new traffic patterns.
11th and M streets SE
As part of the 11th Street Bridge project, the District Department of Transportation plans to close the intersection of 11th and M streets SE from 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. Saturday and Sunday. The westbound I-695 (Southeast/Southwest Freeway) ramp to M Street SE and the ramp to southbound I-295/northbound D.C. 295 at M Street, SE will also be closed during the work, which involves milling, paving and striping at the intersection.
See also

Postgame: After winless slide  Caps pleased with four-point weekendBy Alex Prewitt November 9 Follow @alex_prewitt
(AP Photo/Alex Brandon)
Fortune continued to flow through the Washington Capitals’ locker room, and after a second victory in two games it pumped into the breathing machine as everyone exhaled. The Capitals had played better, more consistent hockey than they showed in Sunday night’s 4-3 overtime win over Carolina, and from here they picked apart another blown late lead. But they also swept the weekend’s back-to-back and, after slogging through the doldrums of a five-game winless streak, that would more than suffice.
“It’s a four-point weekend for us, any way you look at it,” forward Eric Fehr said. “Obviously we don’t want to let points get away from us, but four points is huge for us, where we were.”
Think back two weeks ago, when the Capitals suffered the first loss of what became a five-game winless streak, their western Canada trip concluded on a sour note. They sank lower against Detroit, then Tampa Bay, then Arizona, then finally Calgary, before shocking United Center and escaping from Chicago with a 3-2 win.
Then they enjoyed the benefits of three early goals bouncing off Hurricanes players, which offered enough cushion to withstand another subpar final period, which brought enough optimism in the wake of center Nicklas Backstrom’s overtime winner, 14 seconds before a shootout.
“Especially that one last night in Chicago, battling back and getting that win, that was huge for the confidence, put a smile on our faces when we’ve been struggling to get wins,” said forward Jay Beagle, who scored his first goal of the season. “It’s always tough. That lifted the boys up a lot, then again tonight, go through some adversity again, and find a way to win in overtime. We gave up a point, but we got the job done in the end. We’re an excited group right now. We’ve put two together, and we’re looking forward now.”
But first, a look back. With another new lineup, thanks to Brooks Laich’s late scratch for re-aggravating his left shoulder injury, retooled midgame when Tom Wilson departed with a lower-body issue, the Capitals outshot their visitors on net by 12, and overall by 19. They enjoyed goals that bounced into the net off Patrick Dwyer’s glove, Anton Khudobin’s leg and Brett Bellemore’s skate, precisely the bounces that carried Washington in Chicago, precisely the bounces that seemed so costly during the previous losing streak.
“I think that’s the difference,” said goaltender Justin Peters, who made 24 saves against his former team. “We’ve faced a little adversity, gave up a late goal, but we hung on, big goal by Backie to get the two points, and at the end of the game, that’s all that matters.”
The adversity, as it had when defensive-zone turnovers killed them over the past two weeks, was self-imposed. Defenseman Brooks Orpik’s flailing stick missed a centering pass, allowing Eric Staal to one-time a goal past Peters. Elias Lindholm then tied the game when, off a draw inside Washington’s defensive zone, he deflected a point shot that Peters saw the entire way, right until it slipped through his five-hole.
And so dawned the back-to-back hangover Trotz had worried about as the Capitals arrived home around 3 a.m. Sunday morning, compounded by a week of tough practices. His players battered Khudobin, Carolina’s backup goaltender, throughout the first and second periods, but never quite found the back-breaking goal necessary to avoid overtime. So Trotz, like everyone else, opened with the criticism before pivoting to the big picture.
“We came out ready to play and we played hard, but we didn’t put them away. In the first, we could’ve been up more than a goal, that’s for sure,” Trotz said. “We had some great looks. We had a lot of chances, and they just sort of hung around. Same thing, you know? They chipped away, they got a goal off the draw, very similar to Tampa, and we have to win it in overtime. I thought we gave them a point tonight. But at the same time we got four points, and that’s going in the right direction now.”
INJURY NOTES: Trotz didn’t provide much concrete updates on Wilson and Laich. Wilson exited during the second period with a lower-body injury, which Trotz said was unrelated to the ankle Wilson broke and had surgically repaired this summer. On television replays, Wilson appeared to come up lame while chasing a puck in Carolina’s zone.
Laich’s scratch seemed more precautionary than anything. With a surplus of healthy forwards and two games in as many days, the Capitals could afford to hold the forward out if his left shoulder, hurt Oct. 18 against Florida, was bothering him.
“Back to back a little bit, just we felt he wasn’t quite there,” Trotz said. “He’ll get reevaluated a little bit on Monday.”
Alex Prewitt covers the Washington Capitals. Follow him on Twitter @alex_prewitt or email him at alex.prewitt@washpost.com .

Mike Shanahan reportedly interested in coaching Michigan or FloridaBy Des Bieler November 9 Follow @DesBieler
Mike Shanahan may be itching to prowl the sidelines again, this time in the college ranks. (John McDonnell/The Washington Post)
Take it with as little or as much salt as you like (or how about spicing it up with some Old Bay?), but a report made its way to the Interwebs containing a juicy tidbit about Mike Shanahan. Specifically, that, much like Matt Leinart, Heath Shuler and the Boz , Shanny might want to go back to college.
From 247 Sports :
Sources close to the situation have told Wolverine247 that former Washington Redskins head coach Mike Shanahan would be interested in returning to college football for either the Wolverines or Florida Gators job if they were to open.
Okay, a couple of things here. For one, the “sources” for 247 might just be a pair of wishfully thinking boosters. Also, while it does seem like a lock that Michigan’s Brady Hoke is a goner, the NFL name most often attached to that job is that of 49ers coach, and former Wolverine, Jim Harbaugh. And if Florida wants to replace Will Muschamp with an ex-Redskins head coach, wouldn’t taking a run at Steve Spurrier make a ton more sense?
For what it’s worth, Shanahan came up through the college coaching ranks, and, in fact, served as Florida’s offensive coordinator from 1980 to 1983. From there, it was off to the NFL, and all those highs and lows .
When last seen as a coach, Shanahan, along with son Kyle, was employing spread-offense concepts with Robert Griffin III, so he might be more in tune with the college game than some may think. It would be fascinating, if Shanahan were to be hired by any college team, to see if Kyle went to coach under him again. However, the younger Shanahan, enjoying widespread praise for his work as the Browns’ offensive coordinator, may find himself being courted by NFL teams with their own head coaching vacancies.
Of course, if Shanahan were to be hired by Florida and Kyle was not available, he could always reach out to former Gator quarterback Rex Grossman. That’s one fan base with actual fond memories of Sexy Rexy.
This former editor and part-time writer at The Post is now happy to prove that if you combine 'blowhard' and 'blaggard,' you get 'blogger.' He previously had used 'Desmond Bieler' as his byline, but feels that shortening the first name to 'Des' nicely conveys his ever-decreasing gravitas. He also covers Fantasy Football.

Coach Jay Grudens blunt critiques are what 3-6 Redskins need  veteran LB saysBy Liz Clarke November 7 Follow @lizclarketweet
Adam Hayward appreciates a coach who tells it like it is. (David J. Phillip/Associated Press)
Redskins Coach Jay Gruden raised eyebrows with the candor of his critiques in the days following Washington’s 29-26 loss at Minnesota, which ended a two-game winning streak and dropped the team to 3-6 entering its bye.
Regarding the disappointing performance of the defense, which surrendered 29 points to a less-than-formidable offense in just over two quarters of play, Gruden used the adjective “sickening” four times in succession immediately afterward and said flatly that it wasn’t good enough.
Asked the following day to assess the team’s situation at quarterback, the first-year head coach said, “The jury is still out.”
A second leg injury in the past 20 months has limited starting quarterback Robert Griffin III to just two full games and one quarter of action. Backup Kirk Cousins, who started four games in Griffin’s absence, didn’t mount a strong case for starting consideration, throwing eight interceptions. Third-string quarterback Colt McCoy rallied the Redskins to their first back-to-back victories since 2012, which Gruden deemed impressive enough to slot him ahead of Cousins on the depth chart.
But while Gruden’s blunt assessment shocked some, veteran linebacker Adam Hayward said he feels it’s precisely what Redskins players need and appreciate.
“I love it because you know what you’re getting,” said Hayward, who is captain of Washington’s special-teams unit. “A coach like that, you know what he wants, what he expects. If you don’t give it, he’s going to let you know. He’s not going to beat around the bush and sugar-coat things and be like, ‘Well, this was good and that was…’
“No. If it sucked, it’s: ‘It sucked. We need to get better, or we all won’t be here.’”
Gruden singled out the defense for praise after the 20-17 toppling of Dallas in overtime, in which quarterback Tony Romo was sacked five times, and awarded defensive coordinator Jim Haslett the game ball afterward.
The drop-off from that performance to the one six days later against Minnesota, in which the Redskins allowed a rookie quarterback to lead two fourth-quarter touchdown drives in the defeat, was clearly unacceptable to Gruden. After a day to study the film, Gruden said he concluded that no single player, no single coach nor single aspect of the scheme was at fault, calling it “a total team effort” and including himself among the culpable.
“Jay knows what he wants,” Hayward said. “He’s going to give you respect. But if you don’t do what you’re supposed to do, he’s gonna let you know. It’s business. You don’t take it personally. He’s not attacking you as a person; he’s attacking you as a football player.”
More from The Post:

Why did the court grant cert in King v. BurwellBy Jonathan H. Adler November 7
Friday the U.S. Supreme Court granted certiorari in a high-profile Obamacare case,  King v. Burwell . (Disclosure: I’m credited/blamed for being one of the folks who outlined the theory upon which this lawsuit is based.)  I posted a quick comment on the case grant earlier.  With this post I wanted to briefly discuss the significance of the grant and revisit some of the points I made in Monday’s post on why the court might grant this case.
First a super-quick recap (so skip this paragraph if you’ve been following this litigation). Section 1311 of the PPACA calls upon states to create health insurance exchanges and Section 1321 requires the federal government to create exchanges in states which fail to do so (or fail to enact other mandated reforms).  Section 1401 provides for tax credits for the purchase of qualifying health insurance plans in “exchanges established by the State under Section 1311.”  The challengers in this case argue this means what it says: that tax credits are only authorized in exchanges established by the states.  The government argues that the phrase “established by the State” does not mean that the exchange actually has to have been created by the state government because other provisions establish some degree of equivalence between Section 1311 and Section 1321 exchanges and the plaintiffs’ interpretation would undermine the goal of expanding health insurance coverage.
Earlier this year a divided panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit sided with the plaintiffs in Halbig v. Burwell  and (on the very same day) the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit sided with the federal government in King v. Burwell.  The plaintiffs filed a petition for certiorari in King (which was granted today), and the government sought rehearing en banc in the D.C. Circuit (which was scheduled for December).  In the meantime, a federal district court in Oklahoma also sided with the plaintiffs.  A fourth case is pending in Indiana.
What does Friday’s cert grant mean?  Because it takes the votes of four justices to grant cert, it means at least four justices believe this case is cert worthy.  Nicholas Bagley writes that Friday’s cert grant likely means that at least four justices are skeptical of the government’s arguments and the Fourth Circuit’s decision in King.  That may be true (and I’d like to think at least four justices will side with our arguments) but it’s not that simple.
Bagley is correct that, in the usual case, the Supreme Court does not grant certiorari to affirm, particularly where there are not conflicting lower court judgments.  Yet this is not the usual case and, as I explained in Monday’s post , there are reasons four-or-more justices could have found King cert worthy apart from their views of the merits.
Under Rule 10, one of the reasons for granting certiorari is when a lower court “has decided an important question of federal law that has not been, but should be, settled by this Court.”  While I see King as a straightforward case of statutory interpretation, it unquestionably concerns an “important question of federal law,” as the resolution of this case could have a significant impact on the implementation of the PPACA, particularly in the 36 states that have not established their own exchanges.  Indeed, the importance of the legal issue was one of the things highlighted by the federal government and commentators in urging the D.C. Circuit to hear the case en banc.
An additional reason to take the case now is that this litigation creates substantial uncertainty about the operation of the law and, should the plaintiffs’ claims be upheld, policymakers, insurance companies, and those who would otherwise be eligible for subsidies will need time to figure out how to respond.  This is one of the reasons all of the lower appellate courts to consider these claims have expedited their proceedings.  They recognized that there are good reasons to treat these cases as more urgent and time-sensitive than the typical case.
Further, while the D.C. Circuit’s decision to rehear Halbig en banc vacated the original panel’s judgment, the Court is aware that this is a question upon which courts are divided.  Two panels on two different circuits reached different conclusions, and even the panel which sided with the government was not unanimous in its rationale.  The existence of another decision rejecting the government’s position provides further reasons for the justices to suspect that this is an issue that will eventually land on their lap.  So, if one combines the time-sensitive nature of the litigation with the reasonable possibility that the case would end up in the Court’s lap anyway, there’s reason enough to take the case.
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.

Ebola outbreak in Texas officially overBy Brady Dennis November 7 Follow @brady_dennis
Dallas nurse Amber Vinson, 29,  speaks after being discharged recently from Emory University Hospital, where she was treated for Ebola. (AP Photo/David Goldman)
The place where Ebola first surfaced in the United States is officially clear of the disease, as the last hospital worker being monitored for potential exposure to the virus was declared no longer at risk Friday.
The news marked the end of a nearly six-week saga in Dallas, where Thomas Duncan, a Liberian man who had flown to Texas before showing symptoms of the disease, was diagnosed Sept. 30 . He  died eight days later  at Texas Health Presbyterian Dallas hospital.
Duncan’s case, along with the infection of two nurses who treated him, caused headlines and hysteria over the prospect of a broader Ebola outbreak in the country. It also prompted the Obama administration and state officials to put in place new restrictions for anyone entering the United States from Ebola-stricken countries in West Africa.
Health officials had monitored a total of 177 people in Texas for contact with one of the three people diagnosed with Ebola in the state. Dozens of people who had possible contact with Duncan  were cleared  last month, and officials continued to monitor medical workers who interacted with Duncan or any of his bodily fluids.
The last person being monitored was a hospital worker who handled medical waste Oct. 17, according to the Texas Department of State Health Services. Only nurses Nina Pham and Amber Vinson were infected, and both women have been successfully treated and released.
“We are grateful that two caregivers who shared the fight against this insidious virus are healthy. These two courageous nurses, and so many others, put the needs of a patient first and valiantly worked to save the life of a man who faced, and ultimately lost, his battle with this disease,” Barclay Berdan, chief executive of Texas Health Resources, said in a statement Friday. “We emerge from this experience both humbled and empowered with a new strength of purpose.”
Nina Pham also marked the milestone Friday on Twitter:
Dallas is officially #Ebola free today! So grateful to all the doctors, nurses, and other healthcare workers that were involved in my care.
— Nina Pham (@Nina_Pham) November 7, 2014
So did Thomas Frieden, director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention:
Nurses are on front lines stopping Ebola. Grateful for recovery of 2 nurses who cared for Mr. Duncan, & no further spread from him or them.
— Dr. Tom Frieden (@DrFriedenCDC) November 7, 2014
With all contacts being monitored in Texas now past the 21-day incubation period for the virus, the United States officially has  only one person in the United States with Ebola  – Craig Spencer, a New York doctor who developed symptoms after treating patients in West Africa. Spencer also is recovering and is expected to be released from Bellevue Hospital in coming days.
That’s a stark contrast to West Africa, where the latest outbreak numbers published by the World Health Organization on Friday showed that at least 4,960 people have died of Ebola in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia.
Brady Dennis is a national reporter for The Washington Post, focusing on food and drug issues.

Map: The countries that recognize Palestine as a stateBy Ishaan Tharoor November 7 Follow @ishaantharoor
(Washington Post)
Last week, Sweden became the 135th member of the United Nations to officially recognize Palestine as an independent state. The act sparked a tetchy diplomatic incident with Israel, which WorldViews discussed  here .
On the ground, a separate, viable Palestinian state is far from a reality. Israel occupies the West Bank and East Jerusalem, and it partially blockades the Gaza Strip, the territories that would comprise it. The continued expansion of Israeli settlements into the West Bank makes tackling the question of Palestinian sovereignty all the more difficult. So, too, the apparent collapse of talks  between the Israeli government and its Palestinian interlocutors.
Sweden's Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom said her government's decision was aimed at supporting the Palestinian Authority and its beleaguered President Mahmoud Abbas, particularly given the present tensions in Jerusalem . "It is important to support those who believe in negotiations and not violence," she told Al Jazeera . "This will give hope to young Palestinians and Israelis that there is an alternative to violence."
In the absence of progress in negotiations with Israel, Abbas has taken the Palestinians' case to the United Nations in recent years. The effort is mostly symbolic — a bid to deepen the political isolation of the right-wing government of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Sweden's move reflects a wider European frustration with Netanyahu. This week, French socialist lawmakers said they were preparing a bill calling on the government to recognize Palestine. In mid-October, British lawmakers overwhelmingly passed a motion  indicating "that the Government should recognise the state of Palestine alongside the state of Israel, as a contribution to securing a negotiated two state solution."
The motion is nonbinding, but serves as one more sign of Europe's growing impatience with the Mideast status quo. The United States would want to see the two-state solution come into fruition before conferring official recognition upon Palestine. But that is, at present, a naive hope: A number of prominent ministers in Netanyahu's government reject outright  the possibility of the two-state solution ever being realized.
Before Sweden's decision, tiny Iceland was the only Western European country to recognize Palestine.
As you can see in the map, most of the other nations that have not officially recognized Palestine are in the E.U. or are U.S. partners who wouldn't want to ruffle Washington's feathers. These include South Pacific island nations like Kiribati and Nauru.
Even then, it's quite likely that the U.S. will find itself on this map within a steadily shrinking patch of gray in the months and years to come.
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.

A South Korean school says Irish teachers cant be counted on to stay sober. Discuss.— Steve Herman (@W7VOA) November 5, 2014
Over the past few days, the Internet has been ablaze with the story of the Irish woman denied a job in South Korea due to her nation's reputation for drinking.
It goes like this: Katie Mulrennan, a young Irish woman, was recently looking for a teaching job in Seoul. The 26-year-old applied to a number of positions, but one response stood out to her. She had been rejected, but it wasn't because she wasn't qualified: It was because of her nationality.
Mulrennan was Irish, the polite response noted, and the client didn't want to hire an Irish person because of the "alcoholism nature of your kind." Mulrennan, shocked, posted the response online, where it swiftly became a viral hit. A story featuring an interview with the young Irish woman became the most popular stories on the BBC's Web site , and news outlets from around the world covered it.
Of course, there is a genuine link between Ireland and alcohol. Guinness and Jameson are well-known brands of alcohol all around the world, and you can find a dank, dingy "Irish pub" in virtually every major city (almost always a terrible imitation of the real thing).
However, a blanket charge of Irish alcoholism is hard to justify. A number of international bodies publish comparative figures on alcohol consumption around the world. Take, for instance, these 2013 figures published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). You can click to enlarge it.
(OECD)
Ireland does come near the top there, though other countries quite clearly beat it. Other than Luxembourg, where the numbers are skewed by purchases from non-residents, the top of the list is France.
Other data sets paint a more complex picture. In the map below, you can see 2010 data on alcohol consumption from the World Health Organization:
(WHO)
Ireland scored high, but again it was not top of the list: The honor instead goes to Belarus, the post-Soviet dictatorship. Especially notable here is another high-scoring country, however: According to WHO, South Korean adults on average consumed 12.3 liters of alcohol in 2010, versus 11.9 in Ireland (and 17.5 in Belarus).
Of course, alcohol consumption isn't necessarily the same thing as alcoholism. However, the number of alcoholics per country isn't easy to find. WHO does publish figures on what it calls "heavy episodic drinking," more commonly referred to as binge drinking.
These numbers are not favorable for the Irish. WHO finds 36.5 percent of the adult population there had done it in the last month, while just 6 percent of South Koreans had. Austria tops the list, however, with 38.5 percent of the population binge drinking.
(WHO)
Despite their levels of overall consumption and percentage of the population who binge drink, neither Ireland or South Korea get top marks for in WHO's "pattern of drinking" indicator, which the organization says "reflects the alcohol-attributable burden of disease of a country, given the same level of alcohol consumption."
Both countries receive a rating of 3, or "medium risky," while Russia and Ukraine get top marks.
(WHO)
There are plenty of other statistics out there that paint a more mixed picture of alcohol consumption in both countries (South Koreans apparently drink twice as much liquor as Russians , for example). All this has led to some cries of "pot calling the kettle black." One Reddit user asked : "Aren't South Koreans the drunks of Asia?"
Some commentators have questioned what the e-mail says about discrimination in South Korea — already a topic of debate in the country.
Still, perhaps it's unfair to read too much into South Korea society based on one strange e-mail. And for her part, Katie Mulrennan seems to be taking it in her stride. "I was annoyed about it," she told the BBC . "But I can also see it was a little bit hilarious as well."
Adam Taylor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. Originally from London, he studied at the University of Manchester and Columbia University.

Snoop Dogg loves BelarusBy Karoun Demirjian November 7 Follow @karoun
(Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP)
Snoop Dogg loves Belarus — so much so that he is endorsing a line of clothing and accessories bearing traditional Belarusian-style prints.
The hip-hop icon promoted the “Snoop loves Belarus” collection on his Instagram account this week, also linking to the online collection of red-and-white T-shirts, backpacks, and laptop and iPhone cases.
The line is the work of HoodGraff, a group of street artists from the Belarusian city of Vitebsk, who said they caught Snoop Dogg’s eye in late 2013 via an Instagram photo of a street portrait they drew of him in their hometown.
They kept in touch, and earlier this year, designed the items at the hip-hop icon’s invitation.
HoodGraff designer Arty Boorj said they always knew Snoop Dogg liked patterns, so they “decided to show the Belarusian spirit on a T-shirt.” When they showed him the traditionally ornamental pattern and design, Boorj said, “he liked it.”
Where Snoop Dogg developed his love of Belarus is unclear – representatives of Snoop Dogg didn’t return a request for comment Friday, and Boorj said he can't remember Snoop Dogg ever playing a show in Belarus. But though the United States and Belarus may have limited diplomatic relations, Boorj said Snoop Dogg does have a following in his country.
Recently, Boorj and HoodGraff relocated from Belarus to St. Petersburg, Russia, after being fined about $1,800 by the government when they tried to paint a portrait of Belarusian writer Vasil Bykov, a frequent critic of Belarus President Alexander Lukashenko, Boorj said.
He says the art collective has no plans to try to collaborate with other famous American artists in the near future, but will instead be visiting different cities and working on their street art.
And no word on whether Snoop plans on working with other Belarusians. But if he does, we thought of one song he might want to think about sampling.
Karoun Demirjian is a reporting fellow in The Post's Moscow bureau. She previously served as the Washington Correspondent for the Las Vegas Sun, and reported for the Associated Press in Jerusalem and the Chicago Tribune in Chicago.

Protestors descend on the White House over the future of the InternetBy Nancy Scola November 7 Follow @nancyscola
Protestors organized a "light brigade" outside the White House on Thursday night to promote net neutrality. (Photo by Nancy Scola/The Washington Post)
"What I remember about life before the Internet," said Marvin Ammori as he stood near the White House on Thursday night, "was that it really sucked."
Ammori, a 37-year-old lawyer and activist from the District, was one of nearly 100 protesters at Lafayette Park who were rallying against what the Federal Communications Commission (located a mile and a half southeast) might do to could change the way people interact with the Internet. The rally was one of several  organized by the umbrella group Battle for the Net in three dozen cities across the United States.
The emcee for the night was Evan Greer, an organizer with the online advocacy group Fight for the Future. (Photo by Nancy Scola/The Washington Post)
The latest protests were triggered by  a report suggesting that FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler just might be settling on a plan  that would give regulators more power over the way the Internet flows between content providers like Netflix and Internet service providers like Comcast by reclassifying those portions under what's known as Title II of telecommunications law. Instead of treating the Internet as a single ecosystem, a so-called hybrid approach could divide regulation between retail consumers and wholesale customers.
How serious the FCC is about that approach and how it might work remains unclear, but so far, it hasn't made many people happy.
Cable companies and Internet service providers don't much like the idea . Berin Szoka, president of TechFreedom, an advocacy group opposed to far-reaching regulation, said  in a statement this week:  "King Solomon wasn't serious when he proposed splitting the baby. Let's hope Chairman Wheeler isn't either." And b logged Verizon general counsel Randal Milch this week:  "Like a full move to Title II, the hybrid approach also fairly guarantees litigation."
Then there was the crowd gathered in Lafayette Park on Thursday just after dusk.
"Hey, hey, ho, ho, Tom Wheeler has got to go!," chanted the varied congregation that included college students, environmental activists in town to protest new gas pipelines, an Apple Genius Bar employee, veterans of Occupy Wall Street and at least one federal worker. "Don't. Let. The. Internet. Die. Time. To. Reclassify."
An unidentified speaker cited the Michael Lewis book "Flash Boys" on the financial industry's efforts to gain advantage by building their own computer networks. "You know how much they spent on a hard lines from New Jersey to Chicago?  Like 300 million dollars. What do you think that means? That speed means something."
The crowd ticked through its worries about an Internet tilted in favor of Internet service providers: that it will strangle the news sources on which they rely, discourage innovation and turn the World Wide Web toward into an ad-soaked wasteland. "The free exchange of information and ideas is as crucial to a free society: Stop the Thought Police," read one sign, hand-printed on an Amazon.com shipping box.
Thursday night's protests included ones outside Comcast's Philadelphia headquarters and in San Francisco's Civic Center Plaza.
"It's important that this issue is dealt with because there are just too many people who are affected," said Linda Slape, an Apple Genius Bar employee from Northern Virginia who, like the federal IT worker standing next to her, had learned about the protest on reddit. She added with a soft chuckle of self-consciousness, "It's about freedom itself."
The "light brigade" gathers. (Photo by Nancy Scola/The Washington Post)
Acting as emcee for the night's events was Evan Greer, an organizer with the online advocacy group Fight for the Future. "These are the devices that we use to connect to free speech," Greer said, pointing to the phones and laptops being held aloft, many open to ProtestSign.org . "It is your power to connect. It is power to speak out. With that tiny device in your hand, you can reach millions of people, and it doesn't cost a cent -- other than what you pay monthly."
Said Ammori, the D.C. lawyer, noting his insular childhood in Michigan: "Life before the Internet was just ads and shopping malls and bad TV. To me, it's just really personal: I just love the Internet."
That just might be the one thing everyone engaged in this debate can agree on.
Nancy Scola is a reporter who covers the intersections of technology and public policy, politics, and governance.

Robin Williams autopsy: No alcohol or illegal drugs in his systemBy Sarah Larimer November 7 Follow @slarimer
Robin Williams in 2011. (Dan Steinberg/Invision/AP file)
The August death of actor Robin Williams has officially been ruled a suicide, the Marin County Sheriff’s Office said in a news release Friday.
Williams died of asphyxia due to hanging, and had no alcohol or illegal drugs in his system at the time of his death, according to the statement from the coroner’s division . Tests found that Williams had prescription drugs in his system in “therapeutic concentrations,” it read.
The coroner’s investigative report noted that Williams’s “prior medical history reportedly included depression, Parkinson’s disease, and a recent increase in paranoia.” Williams wasn’t sleeping well, and had stashed several watches in a sock the day before his body was found, according to the new documents.
Williams was found dead Aug. 11 at his home in Tiburon, Calif. He was 63.
Here’s how Adam Bernstein described the celebrated actor:
He was a satirist, an Oscar-winning dramatic actor and a mimic of everyone from Carol Channing to Jack Nicholson, from a British actor rendering “Hamlet” to a ghetto tough to Henry Kissinger channeling the morgue-voiced actor Peter Lorre. Mr. Williams delighted in singing Bruce Springsteen filtered through the voice of Elmer Fudd. He once said he took a crash course in Russian and was so good that he fooled real Russians into thinking he was one of them, “or else Czech or Polish.”
Audiences gravitated to his profane comic riffs on guns, drugs, God and politics. Of Arnold Schwarzenegger, the former bodybuilder and Hollywood-action-star-turned-California-governor, Mr. Williams equated his branding as a moderate Republican to “a Volvo with a gun rack — you don’t see a lot of them.”
Movie stars spoke shared their favorite memories of actor and comedian Robin Williams before the premiere of “The Expendables” 3 in Los Angeles. (AP)
Williams’s wife, Susan, told investigators who responded to their home that her husband had never mentioned ending his life in conversations about his health issues, even after his Parkinson’s diagnosis, according to documents detailing the investigation.
An iPad found in the home had several search tabs open, but nothing consistent with suicidal tendencies, the report noted. His cellphone was programmed with alarms, set to remind Williams to take his medication.
“Mrs. Williams said the subject seemed okay when he arrived home last night,” the report states, before noting that Williams’s wife remembered that her husband had rummaged through their bedroom closet. “She said he grabbed his iPad and she recalled thinking it was good thing [sic] he grabbed it, because she assumed he was in a good mood and was going to take time to do some reading; he hadn’t read or watched TV in about 6 months.”
The couple — who had been sleeping in separate bedrooms because Williams sometimes talked loudly or moved around — hadn’t been fighting, but Williams’s wife told authorities that she did recently notice signs of paranoia.
“Yesterday the subject reportedly became concerned about several of his wrist watches, which Mrs. Williams and [redacted] attributed to the typical signs of paranoia he had been displaying,” the report states. “The subject secured several watches in a sock and drove them to [redacted] house. [Redacted] received the watches and said the subject asked [Redacted] to take care of them.”
Williams was wearing a black T-shirt and jeans when his body was discovered. Before it was removed from the home, Williams’s wife was allowed to view the remains. She prayed, and invited the sheriff’s chaplain to join her.
This post has been updated.
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

LIVE SKETCHBOOK: Drawing inspiration from students at this weekends National High School Journalism Conference #JEABy Michael Cavna November 8 Follow @comicriffs
IF THERE’S anything as professionally invigorating as teaching journalism students, it is, perhaps, listening to journalism students.
For the past several days in D.C., Comic Riffs and scores of other journalism pros have been hosting sessions and speeches, talks and tours as part of the deeply worthwhile National High School Journalism Conference in Northwest Washington. Provided you are undaunted by what appeared to be 2,000 teeming prep students packing the halls and bunched along the walls of a Marriott (and total registered attendees for the entire event topped 6,000), what provides hope and optimism is the next generation’s passion for reporting, for storytelling, and yes, you more skeptical curmudgeons, for seeking and uncovering and delivering truth.
Comic Riffs presented panels on political cartoons, visual storytelling and graphic novels in schools (also in attendance this weekend were such cartooning colleagues as Matt Wuerker, Kevin “KAL” Kallaugher, Steve Artley, Nik Kowsar and Clay Jones), and delivering a live “chalk talk” on editorial cartooning provided the chance to share why a good political cartoon must have not only intelligence, but also soul. The combo of words and pictures means you have twin weapons at your disposal — all the better to appeal to the intellect with prose while bypassing the brain’s critical filters with illustrations aimed to go straight to the heart.
We discussed some of the tools that make cartooning a special art form — including satire, hyperbole and parody, and the power that can come from twisting or subverting images and icons already freighted with meaning.
The editorial workshop brought up a range of topical issues, from this season’s Ebola fears to this week’s cannabis legislation. To show how a cartoonist’s brain works on deadline — a sometimes scary place, that — I talked the students through focusing on a hard editorial target, and expressing their opinions most directly, often in a few words and pen strokes — from the flick of a line to some tricks of the trade.
As split-second responses, here are several of the cartoon ideas I tossed out, with a couple of them somewhat sharpened here from my flip-chart sketches.
Thanks to all the great students who attended my sessions, and here’s to all the journalism students who made the most of this conference’s wealth of learning opportunities, from my Post colleague Bob Woodward’s brilliant speech to tours of Washington institutions (as well as to the educators, organizers and sponsors who made it all happen).
And lastly, to those students: Thanks for helping the pros relearn a few things even while teaching you.
(Michael Cavna/The Washington Post)
National High School Journalism Conference/DC 2014 sketch (by Michael Cavna/The Washington Post)
.
2014 National High School Journalism Conference sketch (by MICHAEL CAVNA/The Washington Post)
Writer/artist/visual storyteller Michael Cavna is creator of the "Comic Riffs" column and graphic-novel reviewer for The Post's Book World. He relishes sharp-eyed satire in most any form.

So long  Big Macs. Why a developer dropped a Bethesda McDonalds.The newly completed building at 4500 East-West Hwy. in Bethesda offers many of the modern features that companies clamor for:
Floor-to-ceiling glass on the walls allow for loads of sunlight.
Floor plates of 28,000 square feet mean very little wasted space.
Excellent access to restaurants and public transportation.
And it is designed to meet the highest standards of green building design.
The developer of the building Oliver Carr III — whose family has been building in Washington for more than 100 years – called the project “a major achievement for our company.”
For nearly two years, however, no companies agreed to lease space in the building.
A rendering of 4500 East-West Highway. Original plans called for McDonald’s to open in the ground floor (Courtesy Carr Properties)
There could be a lot of reasons tenants weren’t signing up to move in. The office market has been slow recently, with vacancy in suburban Maryland rising to 12.7 percent last quarter. Job growth has waned. Carr’s building is pricier than most in the area.
But Carr and its leasing partner thought there was another reason tenants weren’t signing up: McDonald’s.
Since 1975, the site was home to a popular McDonald’s, one that was a particular favorite of students from Bethesda-Chevy Chase High School down the street.
Washington Post columnist John Kelly  wrote  at the time of the demolition that there was “no better place for mutual showoffery — for wisecracks, capers, quips, jokes, japes and (literally) sophomoric witticisms — than ensconced in the hard plastic seat of a corner booth at a McDonald’s after play rehearsal, band practice, soccer practice, detention.”
“It’s the end of an area,” wrote Bethesda blogger Robert Dyer. “The Golden Arches have stood along America’s highways for decades, beckoning to hungry travelers.  So it was here on our East-West Highway. It will be missed.”
The McDonald’s on East-West Highway before it was torn down in 2012. (Courtesy CoStar Group)
It wasn’t supposed to be the end for McDonald’s. When the original restaurant was torn down, McDonald’s bought 5,000 square feet in the ground floor of the new building for $1.5 million.
But as the months went by and no companies leased space in the building as it went up, the deal for McDonald’s prompted a lot of questions from interested companies about the fast food and high school crowds.
Phil McCarthy, executive managing director at leasing firm Transwestern, said he was pursuing a wide range of companies for the building – associations, consulting firms, law firms and tech companies, but it turns out many of them didn’t want to be in a “McDonald’s building.”
“We all love McDonald’s, but it’s not ideal for trophy-quality office space,” McCarthy said . “No offense to McDonald’s, but 300 teenagers hanging out at four o’clock in the afternoon is not what a law firm is necessarily looking for.”
“They’d ask all kinds of questions about it,” he added. “You can have the same sorts of things from restaurants but we received more pushback with McDonald’s in the mix.”
Carr bought back the McDonald’s space and is instead planning a white table cloth restaurant. And last month the first tenant signed on, when online lender RapidAdvance inked an entire floor.
McCarthy said it would be difficult to attach a specific financial value to the removal of McDonald’s, but he’s not looking back.
“People who would not have considered the building before are willing to consider the building now,” he said.
McDonald’s did not respond to a request for comment before this story was published.
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.

Bruce Rauner s run for governorBruce Rauner's path to governor
Caption Rauner visits Pilsen
Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner visits Nuevo Leon Bakery on Sunday in Pilsen.
Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner visits Nuevo Leon Bakery on Sunday in Pilsen. (Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Bruce Rauner
Armando L. Sanchez, Chicago Tribune
Governor-elect Bruce Rauner takes a photo with Alison Daley, 34, of Peoria while meeting with supporters at the Barrack's Banquet Center, in Peoria, Ill.
Governor-elect Bruce Rauner takes a photo with Alison Daley, 34, of Peoria while meeting with supporters at the Barrack's Banquet Center, in Peoria, Ill. (Armando L. Sanchez, Chicago Tribune)
Caption Bruce Rauner
Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune
Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner and his wife, Diana, talk with supporters Friday at Barrack's Banquet Center in Peoria, Ill.
Gov.-elect Bruce Rauner and his wife, Diana, talk with supporters Friday at Barrack's Banquet Center in Peoria, Ill. (Armando L. Sanchez / Chicago Tribune)
Caption Rauner declares victory
Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune
Republican candidate for governor Bruce Rauner declares victory at Rauner's election night celebration at the Chicago Hilton and Towers.
Republican candidate for governor Bruce Rauner declares victory at Rauner's election night celebration at the Chicago Hilton and Towers. (Brian Cassella, Chicago Tribune)

The 2016 Race Could Have Its First Contenderreddit
While potential candidates have been dodging the 2016 question for months -- for the sake of midterm candidates, the element of suspense or honest indecision -- the race to the White House is about to seriously pick up steam.
Dr. Ben Carson has long fanned speculation that he may pursue the Republican nomination for president in 2016. That speculation could turn to reality this weekend, as ABC News has confirmed the conservative plans to air a 40-minute introductory ad.
The ad will be presented in the form of a documentary, giving insight into Carson's background and ambitions. It will run in 22 states and Washington, D.C. The ad was funded and filmed by a production company owned by Armstrong Williams, Carson's business manager.
Carson, a neurosurgeon, regularly appears on Fox News as a commentator. He has never held political office. Carson has presented at the Conservative Political Action Conference a couple of times, where he's openly ridiculed the president and said gay people "don't deserve extra rights," among other things.
When asked about his presidential ambitions in the past, Carson has repeatedly responded that he would "leave it up to God." Last month, he told Fusion that he did not want to be president.
"Why would any sane person want to do that?” he asked.
What other not-so-sane individuals could join Carson if he enters the race? Here's our roundup of every person pollsters have regarded as a potential 2016 candidate.
UPDATE -- 2:13 p.m.: According to Politico , Fox News has cut its ties with the contributing conservative since hearing of the anticipated ad. Politico notes that Fox has cut ties with other commentators, including Newt Gingrich, Rick Santorum and Scott Brown after learning of their political ambitions.
CORRECTION: A previous version of this article indicated the ad was Carson's formal announcement of his bid for president. The ad will only introduce Carson to viewers, not declare his entry into the race.
Also on HuffPost:

Nazis Helped Get Us To The Moon. The Reagan White House Helped Keep Them In The U.S.Nazis Helped Get Us To The Moon. The Reagan White House Helped Keep Them In The U.S.
Posted:
Updated:
11/12/2014  6:59 am EST
Werner Von Braun, one of the leading figures in the development of rocket technology in Nazi Germany and the United States, stands at his desk in the Marshall Space Flight Center, Huntsville, Alabama in May 1964. Von Braun was one of the Paperclip scientists discussed in Eric Lichtblau's new book, "The Nazis Next Door."  | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
WASHINGTON -- They lived within our borders for years, thousands of miles away from the lives they helped ruin. Serving as cornerstones of America’s post-World War II scientific advancement, they worked for NASA and helped develop our rockets, quietly burying their horrific pasts under accolades from the U.S. aeronautics community.
These were America’s Nazi transplants: scientists, academics and thinkers who were employed by the U.S. government, despite résumés full of horrid atrocities. And, as New York Times reporter Eric Lichtblau reveals in a new book, their genius was considered so valuable that Washington worked to protect them from the consequences of their horrible pasts.
This information, revealed in detail for the first time in Lichtblau’s book, “The Nazis Next Door: How America Became a Safe Haven for Hitler’s Men,” traces the legal battles and moral struggles surrounding the country’s clandestine Operation Paperclip program , which brought former Nazi scientists to America to bolster the nation’s scientific community.
Among the Third Reich transplants was the late Wernher von Braun, considered a legendary NASA space scientist who, in his previous life, oversaw Hitler’s Mittelwerk slave labor factory and helped the Nazis develop missiles. Another was the late -- and controversial -- Dr. Hubertus Strughold, who is still considered the “father of space medicine." Strughold is the former namesake of a prestigious Space Medicine Association award who, in his Nazi days, helped orchestrate science experiments on human guinea pigs at the Dachau concentration camp.
The program itself isn’t a new revelation. Aspects of the operation -- which was run primarily by the Office of Strategic Services, the World War II-era precursor to the CIA -- were reportedly disclosed as early as 1946. Journalist Annie Jacobsen wrote extensively on the secret affair earlier this year, and news reports and investigative projects have discussed the presence of Nazi war criminals who reaped benefits within U.S. borders .
But what Lichtblau's book illustrates for the first time is the politics of the Paperclip operation, including pressure from the Reagan White House to dismantle its own Justice Department's investigations into the war criminals’ pasts. In this way, the U.S. became a refuge for some of Hitler’s most notorious cronies.
Lichtblau reveals in the book that not all of Washington had collectively agreed to ignore the disturbing pasts of some of its chief scientific leaders. Quite the contrary -- even while the White House and its intelligence agencies were quietly employing some of the Nazis’ best minds in the nation’s scientific circles, mostly in a Huntsville, Alabama, military community, the Justice Department was secretly building cases against them.
A covert investigative team, Lichtblau writes, began gathering evidence against the German transplants in the early 1980s, despite pushback from officials over investigating the scientists, who were well-established at this point.
The team caught its break in the form of the late Arthur Rudolph, the German who is still hailed as the father of the Saturn V rocket that took America to the moon. After building an overwhelming case against him -- largely due to Rudolph’s own naive cooperation -- the Justice Department succeeded in getting the scientist out of the country. Even while maintaining his innocence, Rudolph detailed to investigators how he had overseen the appalling slave labor conditions at Mittelwerk and acknowledged his own role in the factory’s executions of laborers.
A deal was struck that allowed Rudolph to renounce his American citizenship and go quietly back to Germany in 1984. He was never charged with a war crime, and passed away in Germany at 89 with his legacy intact .
After their success with Rudolph, Justice Department investigators launched a designated “Paperclip” team. Lichtblau writes that the team quietly opened investigations into more than a dozen Nazis who had become U.S. scientists and doctors at the unit’s height in the mid-1980s.
The team's success, though, was short-lived.
Angry over having one of their top space heroes shipped out of the country, the Huntsville community sealed itself off to investigators and sought help from a powerful ally on Pennsylvania Avenue. As a result of their lobbying, the Reagan White House raised the hurdles standing before the Justice Department team.
Chief among those hurdles was Pat Buchanan, a trusted senior advisor to Reagan who was the White House’s communications director during the latter half of the Paperclip investigations. Buchanan staunchly defended the scientists, saying they were being unfairly accused and that Holocaust victim witnesses were unreliable.
“With the Paperclip scientists in Alabama finding themselves in the crosshairs of the Justice Department, they looked to the Reagan administration for help. Pat Buchanan, as always, offered a sympathetic ear,” Lichtblau writes.
Buchanan "believed the Justice Department had strayed too far from its mission in going after a much-admired scientist like Rudolph,” the book continues. “What Rudolph had done for American space exploration had earned him a right to stay in America. He would help them if he could, Buchanan promised.”
Buchanan, who is still active as a Republican political commentator, declined to respond to a request for comment for this article.
“It was more than pushback,” said Neal Sher, who was a chief Nazi investigator and director of the Justice Department Office of Special Investigations from 1982 to 1994, when asked about Buchanan. “He was on a campaign to undercut us, to put us out of business, to demean the work.”
Rudolph would be the Justice Department team’s only success. Although they continued their investigations into the 21st century, Lichtblau writes, no other Paperclip scientists were prosecuted for their past atrocities or complicity in Nazi war crimes.
In many cases, death beat investigators to the punch: Many of their suspects died peacefully before having to publicly reckon with their Nazi days. Even as recently as 2003, investigators were pursuing a case against Werner von Braun’s brother, Magnus. Previously a Nazi engineer at Mittelwerk, Magnus von Braun died in Arizona in 2003.
The Justice Department did not respond to requests for comment for this article by deadline.
The Paperclip team investigation is just one sensational element of the post-World War II U.S.-Nazi community revealed in Lichtblau’s book, which has received rave reviews for both its narrative style and painstakingly well-researched facts. The book hit shelves last week.
More:

Immigration Dispute Erupts During Bipartisan LunchImmigration Dispute Erupts During Bipartisan Lunch
 | By                                                                NEDRA PICKLER and ERICA WERNER
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — A White House lunch aiming for cooperation boiled into a fresh dispute with newly empowered Republicans over immigration reform Friday, with GOP leaders warning President Barack Obama to his face not to take unilateral action. The president stood unflinchingly by his plan to act.
Republicans attending the postelection lunch at Obama's invitation said they asked him for more time to work on legislation, but the president said his patience was running out. He underscored his intent to act on his own by the end of the year if they don't approve legislation to ease deportations before then and send it to him to sign.
The Republicans' approach, three days after they resoundingly won control of the Senate in midterm elections, "seemed to fall on deaf ears," Sen. John Cornyn of Texas said in a telephone interview. "The president instead of being contrite or saying in effect to America, 'I hear you,' as a result of the referendum on his policies that drove this last election, he seems unmoved and even defiant."
"I don't know why he would want to sabotage his last two years as president by doing something this provocative," said Cornyn. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell earlier this week said the president's stance was "like waving a red flag in front of a bull."
Obama press secretary Josh Earnest said there was no reason that executive action on immigration should kill opportunities for the president and Republicans to find common ground.
"I could stand up here and say Republicans to vote once again for the 50th time to repeal the Affordable Care Act, that that's playing with fire or waving a red flag in front of a bull. I'm not really sure what that means," Earnest said.
The White House said lawmakers went home from the meeting with a parting gift — a six-pack of beer brewed at the White House. The White House also said Obama laid out three areas where he and Congress could work together before the end of the year — emergency funding to combat the Ebola outbreak, approval of a federal budget and quick action on spending to fight the Islamic State militant group.
House Speaker John Boehner's office said he told Obama he was ready to work with the president on a new authorization for military force against the IS group if the president worked to build bipartisan support. The White House announced soon after lunch ended that the U.S. was sending as many as 1,500 more troops to Iraq to serve as advisers, trainers and security personnel as part of the mission. Obama is also asking Congress for more than $5 billion to help fund the fight.
Friday's two-hour meeting was tense at times, according to a senior House Republican aide. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid, about to lose his grip on the upper chamber, barely said a word, the aide said. The aide said at one point as House Speaker John Boehner was making an argument on immigration, Obama responded that his patience was running out and Vice President Joe Biden interrupted to ask how long Republicans needed. Obama angrily cut Biden off, the aide said.
The aide was not authorized to describe the back-and-forth publicly by name and spoke only on condition of anonymity.
Publicly Obama's tone was more upbeat as he opened the gathering. He pledged to work on ending long-running partisan gridlock and to be open to Republican ideas. The president said the lunch was a chance to "explore where we can make progress" after Americans showed in the midterm elections that they wanted to see more accomplished in Washington.
"They'd like to see more cooperation," Obama said, sitting at the middle of 13 lawmakers in the Old Family Dining Room set with the Truman china.  "And I think all of us have the responsibility, me in particular, to try to make that happen."
Reporters were ushered out before any lawmaker spoke or the lunch of sea bass was served. Republican descriptions of the meeting were provided after they returned to Capitol Hill.
For the record, Boehner's office said he suggested that the president should back a Republican jobs bill as a starting place for bipartisan action.
Obama said at the start he was interested in "hearing and sharing ideas" for compromise on measures to boost the economy, then mentioned his personal priorities of college affordability and investment in road and building projects. He also touted improved monthly job growth numbers out Friday as evidence his economic policies are working, saying, "We're doing something right here."
Briefings on Ebola and the Islamic State from Pentagon officials dominated much of the meeting, and the immigration debate was said to have lasted about half an hour. Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., said Republicans told Obama that any executive order, particularly on immigration but any issue, would be a "toxic decision."
"He still hasn't come to grips with the reality of the election and the consequences of the election," Barrasso said. "His tone and tenor didn't seem to reflect that of somebody whose policies were just significantly rejected all across the country just three days ago."
___
Associated Press writers Donna Cassata and Andrew Taylor contributed to this report.
Follow Nedra Pickler on Twitter at https://twitter.com/nedrapickler
Also on HuffPost:

As Russia Draws Closer To China  U.S. Faces A New ChallengeAs Russia Draws Closer To China, U.S. Faces A New Challenge
The New York Times  | By                                                                Peter Baker
Posted:
Updated:
11/08/2014  5:59 pm EST
Russian President Vladimir Putin, left, is greeted by Chinese President Xi Jinping before the opening ceremony at the fourth Conference on Interaction and Confidence Building Measures in Asia (CICA) summit, in Shanghai, China Wednesday, May 21, 2014. (AP Photo/Mark Ralston, Pool) | ASSOCIATED PRESS

U.S. Officials: 2 Americans Freed By North KoreaAmericans Kenneth Bae, Matthew Todd Miller Freed By North Korea: U.S. Officials
Reuters
reddit
By Bill Trott and Mark Hosenball
WASHINGTON, Nov 8 (Reuters) - North Korea freed two  Americans from prison and they were returning to the United  States on Saturday after the surprise involvement of the  top-ranking U.S. intelligence official in their release.
Kenneth Bae and Matthew Todd Miller, who had been doing hard  labor for months in the reclusive country, were being  accompanied home by Director of National Intelligence James  Clapper, his office said. Their release comes less than three  weeks after another American was freed by Pyongyang.
Bae, a missionary from Washington state, was arrested in  North Korea in November 2012 and sentenced to 15 years hard  labor for crimes against the state. Miller, who reportedly was  tried on an espionage charge, had been in custody since April  this year and was serving a six-year hard labor sentence.
The United States had frequently called for the men to be  freed for humanitarian reasons, especially since Bae was said to  have health problems.
North Korea has been on a diplomatic campaign to counter  charges by a U.N. body that highlighted widespread human rights  abuses and a move by some U.N. members to refer the state to an  international tribunal. But it was not clear what prompted  Pyongyang to free the two men at this time.
Their release did not constitute an opening in relations  with North Korea, said a senior State Department official, who  declined to be identified. The official said for that to happen,  Pyongyang must fulfill its commitments on denuclearization and  human rights.
"He (Clapper) was not there to negotiate. And our position  hasn't changed."
The men were released just hours before President Barack  Obama was to start a trip to Asia that will include talks with  Chinese leaders about how Beijing can use its influence with  North Korea to rein in its nuclear weapons program, U.S.  officials have said.
"It's a wonderful day for them and their families," Obama  said at the White House. "Obviously we are very grateful for  their safe return and I appreciate Director Clapper doing a  great job on what was obviously a challenging mission."
A senior U.S. official said: "The DNI (Clapper) did carry a  brief message from the President indicating that Director  Clapper was his personal envoy to bring the two Americans home."
Myung Hee Bae, Kenneth Bae's mother, said she was told that  her son would arrive soon at a U.S. Air Force base in Tacoma,  Washington. She said she did not know when he was scheduled to  arrive.
Bae's delighted son, Jonathan, told Reuters from Arizona  that he received a call Friday night and spoke to his father.  "The brief time on the phone, he sounded good," Jonathan said.  "I'm sure he will be back to his old self in no time."
"It came out of the blue. One minute he was doing farm labor  and the next minute they are saying, 'You are going home.' Just  like everyone else, he was surprised," he said.
CLAPPER'S ROLE
As director of national intelligence, a job created after  the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States, Clapper  oversees the CIA and some 15 other intelligence agencies, making  his involvement in the release surprising. U.S. officials said  it was the first time a national intelligence director had been  involved such a high-profile diplomatic matter.
An Obama administration official, who declined to be  identified, said there was no connection between Clapper's trip  and the issue of North Korean nuclear weapons but that he acted  as a presidential envoy with a broader mandate to listen to what  North Korea had to say.
Arrangements for the release had come together in the past  several days and North Korea had asked for a high-ranking envoy  to be involved, the official said.
Clapper went to Pyongyang but there was no indication that  he met personally with North Korean leader Kim Jong Un.
The men's release came just a few weeks after North Korea  freed another American, Jeffrey Fowle, 56 - a street repair  worker from Miamisburg, Ohio, who had been arrested in May for  leaving a Bible in a sailor's club in the North Korean city of  Chongjin, where he was traveling as a tourist.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement:  "We're pleased that this humanitarian gesture has taken place  and that Kenneth Bae and Matthew Miller will soon be reunited  with their families."
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon also welcomed the  release, his office said in a statement, adding, "The  Secretary-General hopes that this positive momentum for  improving relations among the concerned parties for peace and  security on the Korean Peninsula and beyond will be built on."
INTERNATIONAL PRESSURE
Victor Cha of the Center for Strategic and International  Studies, said the release could indicate North Korea wants to  press Obama on the eve of his Asian trip and that Pyongyang is  feeling international heat from the U.N. resolution.
"This is worrying to them," Cha said. "They have never seen  anything like this before. Moreover, it is not coming from the  U.S. but from the entire international community. They are  trying to blunt criticism and perhaps water down the resolution  with these actions."
Miller, of Bakersfield, California, and said to be in his  mid-20s, had gone to North Korea on a tourist visa, which state  media said he tore up while demanding Pyongyang grant him  asylum.
The Associated Press reported Miller was tried on an  espionage charge and prosecutors at his trial said he had  falsely claimed to have secret information about the U.S.  military stationed in South Korea.
Bae's family said on its website that Bae had been operating  out of China since 2006 and had led more than a dozen tours of  North Korea. They said his health problems included diabetes, an  enlarged heart, deteriorating vision and back and leg pains.
More:

Amazon s Latest Effort To Get You Shopping Is This Speakerreddit
Amazon wants to make it as easy as possible for you to buy every single thing it sells, from diapers to groceries to streaming movies.
The company's latest effort to get you shopping comes in the form of a voice-controlled wireless speaker , called Echo, that's always listening for you to utter the phrase "Alexa." When you do, the speaker perks up and awaits for your question or command. The company quietly announced Echo on Thursday.
Echo costs $199, but it's $99 for members of Amazon Prime, the company's free-shipping loyalty program. But it's not even for sale yet -- you have to request an invitation. Kinley Pearsall, an Amazon spokesperson, wrote in an email that the company will start sending invitations and shipping the speaker "in the coming weeks."
Think of Echo, which connects to your wireless network at home, as similar to personal assistants like Google Now and Siri. In the promotional video, Amazon shows Echo responding to questions -- from multiple members of the family -- like "how tall is Mt. Everest" and "how do you spell cantaloupe" as well as commands like "play rock music" and "add wrapping paper to the shopping list."
When you ask Echo to add something to your shopping list, it shows up on the companion smartphone app, according to Pearsall. You can then search for it on Amazon or the web and buy it there, of course, though Pearsall noted that you can also use it as checklist when you're at the grocery store.
The Echo app will be available on smartphones and tablets running Android and Amazon's Fire OS at launch, and for Apple's iOS soon, according to Pearsall.
Echo is equipped with seven microphones so it can hear you from any direction, and has noise cancellation so it can pick up your voice even when the speaker is playing music.
The speaker is connected to Amazon Web Services, Amazon's cloud service. Echo gets answers to question from the company's own database as well as Wikipedia, AccuWeather and other third parties, Pearsall said. Amazon says on its website that Echo gets to know you and your speech patterns, so the more you use it, the better it works.
Pearsall wrote in an email that the phrase "Alexa" is a nod to the ancient library of Alexandria.
Some smartphones have similar hands-free technology that's always listening for a certain phrase. Some handsets that run on Google's Android operating system are activated by "Ok, Google," while the latest version of Apple's mobile operating system enables iPhones that are plugged in to respond to "Hey Siri."
According to Bloomberg Businessweek, Echo, which was codenamed Doppler or Project D, has been in development for at least four years .
Echo is just the latest gadget from the world's largest online retailer. Already this year Amazon has unveiled a streaming media box , a phone, a streaming media stick , a new Kindle eReader and a new lineup of tablets. The company is also testing Dash , a wand that allows you to scan items around the house to add them to your shopping list, in some areas of California and Brooklyn.
The Fire Phone, the company's first smartphone, has largely been a failure for the company. Just weeks after it went on sale, the company cut the price by $200 .
"We ... heard it from customers that they expected more value," Dave Limp, senior vice president of devices at Amazon, said of the Fire Phone's price in an interview in September.  "We had had a plan to reduce the price. To be perfectly honest about it, it was going to happen a little later."
Amazon said during a call with investors last month that it took a roughtly $170 million charge related to the phone.
More:

FBI Admits To Impersonating AP Reporter  Writing Fake ArticleFBI Admits Agent Impersonated Reporter During Criminal Investigation
 | By                                                                CHRIS GRYGIEL
reddit
SEATTLE (AP) — The FBI's creation of a fake news story and impersonation of an Associated Press reporter during a criminal investigation undermine media credibility, blur the lines between law enforcement and the press and raise questions about whether the agency followed its own guidelines, free press advocates say.
In a letter to The New York Times on Thursday, FBI Director James Comey said an agent "portrayed himself as an employee of The Associated Press" in 2007 to help catch a 15-year-old suspect accused of making bomb threats at a high school near Olympia, Washington. It was publicized last week that the FBI forged an AP story during its investigation, but Comey's letter revealed the agency went further and had an agent pretend to be a reporter for the wire service.
Comey said the agent posing as an AP reporter asked the suspect to review a fake AP article about threats and cyberattacks directed at the school, "to be sure that the anonymous suspect was portrayed fairly."
The bogus article contained a software tool that could verify Internet addresses. The suspect clicked on a link, revealing his computer's location and Internet address, which helped agents confirm his identity.
"That technique was proper and appropriate under Justice Department and FBI guidelines at the time. Today, the use of such an unusual technique would probably require higher-level approvals than in 2007, but it would still be lawful and, in a rare case, appropriate," Comey wrote.
Kathleen Carroll, executive editor of the AP, said the FBI's actions were "unacceptable."
"This latest revelation of how the FBI misappropriated the trusted name of The Associated Press doubles our concern and outrage, expressed earlier to Attorney General Eric Holder, about how the agency's unacceptable tactics undermine AP and the vital distinction between the government and the press," Carroll said in a statement.
In a letter to the Justice Department last week, the AP requested Holder's word that the DOJ would never again misrepresent itself as the AP and asked for policies to ensure the DOJ does not further impersonate news organizations.
On Friday the Committee to Protect Journalists said in a statement it was "deeply concerned" by the FBI's actions and called for a review of policies.
The Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press, in its own letter on Thursday to Comey and Holder, asked the agency for full disclosure about the incident.
"The utilization of news media as a cover for delivery of electronic surveillance software is unacceptable," the letter said. "This practice endangers the media's credibility and creates the appearance that it is not independent of the government. It undermines media organizations' ability to independently report on law enforcement."
The letter from the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press also said the FBI's actions in the Washington state case appear to violate Department of Justice standards because there was not adequate review or disclosure about the ruse to the judge approving the warrant and FBI counsel.
"The failure to comply with the FBI and Attorney General's own requirements regarding news media impersonation is inexcusable," said the letter, which was co-signed by than two dozen organizations, including The New York Times Company, the Gannett Co., The Washington Post, The McClatchy Company and the American Society of News Editors.
Against the backdrop of Fast and Furious, a flawed ATF investigation in which guns were allowed to be transported across the border in hopes of tracking them in Mexico, the Justice Department last year provided new guidance to U.S. Attorneys' offices about a prosecutor's oversight of sensitive and undercover investigation — including evaluating whether the investigative tactics would affect public safety or yield useful evidence for a prosecution. That guidance has not been made public.
In his letter to The New York Times, Comey said all undercover operations involve deception, "which has long been a critical tool in fighting crime."
He said no "actual story was published, and no one except the suspect interacted with the undercover 'A.P.' employee or saw the fake draft story. Only the suspect was fooled, and it led to his arrest and the end of a frightening period for a high school."
Ryan Calo, a University of Washington law professor and expert in cyber law and privacy, said the FBI should've realized what they had done would eventually become known.
"It's ironic that you think that impersonating the press wouldn't make it into the press," Calo said. "Whether or not it violates any law, to act as the FBI has done, it's certainly ethically problematic and undermines faith in the press and of course the government itself."
Comey said the FBI's tactics are subject to "close oversight, both internally and by the courts that review our work."
___
Associated Press writer Eric Tucker contributed to this report from Washington, D.C.
More:

Intense Storm Headed To Alaska s Aleutian IslandsPrevious Story
Next Story
Intense Storm Headed To Alaska's Aleutian Islands Will Also Bring Cold Temps To Much Of U.S.
 | By                                                                By RACHEL D'ORO
reddit
This Nov. 5, 2014 photo provided by NASA shows a picture captured by NASA's Aqua satellite of Typhoon Nuri. Weather forecasters say an explosive storm, a remnant of Typhoon Nuri, surpassing the intensity of 2012's Superstorm Sandy is heading toward the northern Pacific Ocean and expected to pass Alaska's Aleutian Islands over the weekend. (AP Photo/NASA)
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) — The edge of a rapidly intensifying storm began pummeling parts of Alaska's Aleutian Islands on Friday, signaling its arrival by lashing the western tip of the island chain with hurricane-force winds.
Sustained winds of 70 mph and gusts up to 96 mph were recorded Friday morning on Shemya Island, where 120 people had locked themselves indoors to wait out the storm.
The brunt of the storm — the remains of Typhoon Nuri — is expected to pass into the Bering Sea and weaken as early as Saturday, but it will still push unseasonably frigid air into much of the U.S. next week, the National Weather Service said.
Shemya Island is where the U.S. military operates Eareckson Air Station, which serves mainly as an early warning radar installation. Acting manager Don Llewellyn said no one is going outside, but people can see light poles waving.
Forecasters said waves could be as high as 50 feet, prompting ships and fishing vessels to get out of the storm's path or seek protected harbors.
The storm was expected to surpass the intensity of 2012's Superstorm Sandy and has the potential to be one of the most intensive to ever hit the North Pacific, meteorologists said. But while Sandy was blamed for at least 182 deaths and $65 billion in damage on the East Coast, Nuri's target is a sparsely populated region with just a few small communities where people are accustomed to severe weather.
Friday's high temperature was in the mid-40s in Shemya, which is in a sub-polar region that doesn't get the same bitter cold as Alaska's interior. But the island 1,500 miles southwest of Anchorage gets plenty of extreme weather, including 100-mile winds. The community averages six weather-related lockdowns a year, Llewellyn said.
"This is nothing new to us," he told The Associated Press in a telephone interview. "This one's a little bit more intense, but it's something that we're prepared to deal with."
The system is expected to freeze much of the lower 48 states next week, forecaster Bruce Sullivan said. Snow also is coming to areas including the northern Rockies and northern Plains.
In Great Falls, Montana, the high temperature is predicted to be 17 degrees Tuesday, compared with the normal high of 43, Sullivan said. The forecast for Sioux Falls, South Dakota, is a high of 25, which is about 20 degrees below normal. High temperatures in Minneapolis will only reach the upper 20s.
Amid prospects that the storm could dip into the upper Midwest, National Weather Service meteorologist Gino Izzi in Chicago offered a warning to that region's populace: Winter is about to hit, sooner there than usual.
Izzi said highs there are expected to settle into the 30s from Tuesday through Friday, while nightly lows could drop into the 20s, perhaps even the teens.
"It doesn't look real promising for a warmup after that, either," he said of the longer-range forecast that meteorologists hadn't sorted out by Friday.
In Sioux Falls, weather service meteorological technician Tim Masters said temperatures will be colder than average but won't break any records.
"We've been above normal most of the fall, so this is our first shot going the other way being below normal," he said. "Basically, this is a wakeup call that this is November and it can get pretty cold this time of year. Hopefully we don't stay that cold very long."
In the Aleutians, the storm's path includes a busy maritime route for cargo ships traveling between the U.S. and Asia, as well as the red king crab fishery made famous by the Discovery Channel reality show "Deadliest Catch." Mariners were finding protected harbors or moving away from the path, according to Brett Farrell with the nonprofit Marine Exchange of Alaska. No one in their right mind would stick around that area, he said.
Officials are also closely watching the western coast of Alaska's mainland, according to Jeremy Zidek, a spokesman for the state Department of Homeland Security and Emergency Management. Fall storms routinely batter many coastal communities, and erosion has long been a problem.
___
Follow Rachel D'Oro at https://twitter.com/rdoro . Associated Press writers Jim Suhr in Illinois and Carson Walker in South Dakota, and AP Science Writer Seth Borenstein in Washington, D.C., also contributed to this report.
Also on HuffPost:

These Are The Two Sides Of Mental Illness We Don t Often Seereddit
"Whenever I was depressed, I always felt like I had two separate lives," photographer Liz Obert explained to The Huffington Post. "One that people saw everyday and the one that could barely get out of bed in the morning. For years I struggled with how to make this into art."
Through " Dualities ," Obert seems to have found an answer to her problem. The photographic series showcases two types of portraits. One shows her subjects as they'd prefer to be seen, gleefully dressed in formal wear or leisurely playing a guitar. The second shows the individuals as they appear in a state of depression, holed up in an apartment or hidden behind a pair of deafening speakers. Beneath each image is a handwritten caption detailing the experiences of each state of mind. "The result is two images of each person, one up and one down," Obert proclaims.
Obert, who's began diagnosed with bipolar II disorder, began the diptych project with a self-portrait. In a state of vulnerability, she was forced to confront her disorder in a way that she'd never experienced. "Becoming a subject, I had to announce to the world that I suffer from bipolar II," she added. "The writing section, conversely, was very cathartic. It was a way for me to parse out my actions in my different states of mind."
So she moved on to including others in her work. Most of her subjects are friends and friends of friends. And because she's part of an artistic community, she knew people living with bipolar disorder and depression who were willing to open up about it. She'd meet with them over drinks or coffee to speak about their experiences before discussing the setting of her shoots. "I give the subject control over the setting," she said. "They decide where they want to be photographed and what they will be doing."
The resulting photos aim, according to Obert, to reduce the stigma associated with facets of mental illness. The aspects of public and private life that permeate each portrait, and the idea of living a double life, are familiar to us all. "I believe it is important to put a human face to disorders that affect millions of people."
According to the National Institute of Health, there are an estimated 43.7 million adults aged 18 or older who have been diagnosed with mental illness in the United States. That's 18.6 percent of all U.S. adults. Obert points out that 5.7 million American adults have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and approximately 14.8 million are afflicted with depression. Despite the numbers, she feels these disorders are largely misunderstood.
"Through this series and the conversations that I hope it inspires, people without these disorders can connect with the people who have them."
More:

Scientists Buzzing About 9 300-Year-Old Frozen Mummyreddit
Researchers are expressing astonishment over the mummified remains of an extinct bison discovered recently in eastern Siberia, and no wonder: the 9,300-year-old mummy has been so well preserved by the region's cold weather that its brain, heart, blood vessels, digestive system and even its fur are intact.
“The exceptionally good preservation of the Yukagir bison mummy allows direct anatomical comparisons with modern species of bison and cattle, as well as with extinct species of bison that were gone at the Pleistocene-Holocene boundary,” Evgeny Maschenko, a researcher at the Paleontological Institute in Moscow and a member of the team that's studying the mummy, said in a written statement.
(Story continues below images.)
The Yukagir bison and the research team that examined it
A scan of the bison's skull showing an intact brain.
Researchers preparing the Yukagir Bison for the necropsy
The mummy is of an extinct Steppe bison (Bison priscus), a species that went extinct shortly after the end of the Ice Age.
The researchers -- who presented their findings this week at the annual meeting of the Society of Vertebrate Paleontology -- said they hadn't yet determined what killed the bison but said the lack of abdominal fat suggests the animal died from starvation.
This isn't the first time that the remains of a prehistoric bison have thrilled scientists. In 2012, two University of Alaska researchers found an almost complete skeleton of a Steppe bison that died about 40,000 years ago .
“This is the kind of thing we’ve always dreamed about finding,” researcher Pam Groves told the Alaska Dispatch News last year.
Looks like another dream just came true.
Also on HuffPost:

Entitled For-Profit Colleges File Meritless Suit to Block Obama Rulereddit
On Thursday, November 6, the national trade association of for-profit colleges, APSCU, sued the Obama administration in federal court in Washington, D.C., to strike down the new 2014 "gainful employment" rule. The  complaint  repeats many of the claims from APSCU's suit to strike down the 2011 gainful employment rule: that the U.S. Department of Education didn't have the authority to issue such a rule; that the Department has not provided a reasoned basis for the rule; and that the rule is "unlawful, arbitrary, and irrational." (The same day, the New York-based Association of Proprietary Colleges filed a separate  suit  to strike down the rule in federal court in Manhattan; the complaint raises some of the same arguments as APSCU's but also alleges the regulation is inconsistent with New York state rules.)
The industry's claims have no merit. The 2014 regulation, far from mistreating for-profit colleges, in fact treats them much too gently -- it will hold career training programs accountable only for some of the most egregious abuses of students, and many programs that are harming students will remain eligible for taxpayer dollars. The government did not exceed its authority in issuing the rule, and nor do the industry complaints demonstrate any violation of the law.
All this lawsuit proves is that the big predatory for-profit colleges that dominate  APSCU  -- like EDMC, Kaplan, Career Education Corp., and Bridgepoint (collapsing Corinthian and ITT apparently have now left the group) -- believe their industry is permanently entitled to tens of billions annually from taxpayers, with no accountability for their poor performance, or for the many ruined lives of students that result.
The federal district judge who heard the case on the 2011 rule upheld the authority of the Department to issue the rule, and he upheld the prong of the rule evaluating schools by comparing the debt of program graduates to their earnings (debt-to-earnings or DTE).  The judge voided the regulation because he concluded that the Department did not provide an adequate rationale for a separate prong of the rule, which would have allowed schools that repeatedly failed the DTE test to remain eligible for federal aid if they passed a separate test, measuring the loan repayment rate for graduates and dropouts alike.
The 2014 regulation eliminates this repayment rate escape hatch, paring down the rule to the debt-to-earnings approach already upheld by the court in the prior case.  The 2014 DTE test is also somewhat more stringent than the 2011 version.  Thus the rule is a little tougher on the industry, and APSCU may have completely miscalculated and may thus be a little bummed.  But none of that renders the rule arbitrary or irrational.  Indeed, the overwhelming evidence since 2011 of abuses disclosed by media and  government investigations , covering many of the major actors in the for-profit college industry, and the evidence of harms suffered by students, more than justifies a strengthening of the rule.
APSCU's arguments are desperate, absurd, offensive, and based on distortion of the facts. For example, APSCU says (p. 49 of the Complaint) that the rule must be struck down because one stated justification for the rule was to address the problem of "churn" -- students enrolling and soon dropping out, and, without the repayment rate test, or the programmatic cohort default rate (pCDR) alternative the Department proposed in the 2013-14 rulemaking, the rule does nothing to address dropouts and churn. That argument is offensive coming from an organization whose members have been responsible for so much of the churn. It's also incorrect.  The rule's DTE test may in fact ultimately penalize schools that do engage in churn, because there is some correlation between schools that fail DTE and those that churn. In addition, the rule retains provisions requiring schools to disclose dropout rates to students, and that will directly address churn.
For-profit colleges get more than $30 billion a year in taxpayers' money, and yet their trade association, APSCU, even argues in the complaint (p. 69) that they should not be required to disclose truthful information about their performance to students.
Since many APSCU members receive 90 percent or more of their revenue from taxpayers, we all are paying for APSCU to hire one of the country's most expensive law firms, Gibson Dunn, to pursue this lawsuit (as well as paying for the government lawyers on the other side, and the judge) -- which makes this case even more of a travesty.
This article also appears on Republic Report .
Follow David Halperin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/DHalpDC
More:

Remembering Our Veterans More Than Just One Day a Yearreddit
"There's a saying that businesses that do well do good. In other words, prosperity leads to generosity. Businesses can do well and do good simultaneously by adding the qualified, highly trained men and women who have served in the U.S. military to their staffs and payrolls."
- Lt. Col. (Ret.) Kevin Schmiegel, founder and former executive director of Hiring Our Heroes at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce
One day a year is set aside for the nation to pay tribute to the personal sacrifices of its veterans.  However, after returning from their service, veterans often face major challenges, particularly when it comes to entering or returning to the civilian workforce. This is particularly true for those who have been injured, and are trying to rebuild their lives as civilians.
Many business organizations, such as General Electric, DuPont, and Walmart, have publicly stated their commitment to support our veterans by means of more proactive employment opportunities .  This is great news.  Historically, hiring veterans has proven to make good business sense because they provide proven records of commitment, dedication, and skill.  However, despite the benefits, some companies feel uncertain about how to address the signature wounds of our recent wars :  Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).  With more than 300,000 veterans suffering from TBI and more than 400,000 suffering from PTSD, there is an urgent need to educate employers that these injuries can readily be accommodated.  Most importantly, employers must be shown the tremendous value of hiring these exceptional individuals.
To learn more about helping our wounded warriors successfully return to work, I received guidance from two strong advocates on this topic, US Air Force Major (fmr) Nisha Money, MD and Madelaine Sayko. Dr. Money served as an Air Force flight surgeon and was the medical commander for the Homeland Security and Initial Disaster Response teams.  She currently serves as the medical director of the Global Healing Initiatives Institute.   Ms. Sayko is the president and co-founder of Cognitive Compass , an organization formed to advise businesses on approaches and resources to accommodate employees with cognitive disabilities.  This includes veterans and civilians ranging from those with mild TBI to aging individuals and those with learning disabilities. The following are eight key insights they shared to help organizations retain and successfully develop wounded warriors:
1. Create an informed organizational culture. Lack of awareness and understanding about TBI and PTSD is the most problematic barrier the injured veteran faces. When peers and managers demonstrate respect for the abilities of an employee who is a veteran, and are available to provide help and support for this person, they can not only address minor problems quickly and efficiently, but they improve the overall productivity, capacity, and capability of the workforce in general.
2. Think of simple solutions. Because TBI and PTSD often manifest themselves as information processing difficulties, solutions can be as simple as providing a quiet space to work or breaking down tasks into short-term goals. Offering such simple solutions is cost-effective and can also be appreciated by many non-veteran employees, including those who have similar cognitive challenges that they may not have revealed to others.
3. Don't make judgments, and beware of assumptions.  Encouraging open communication is a key success factor.  As a manager, don't assume you know what "the problem" is, especially when it comes to TBI or PTSD.  When individuals can speak honestly about problems they are having, without fear of recrimination, they can usually be addressed to everyone's satisfaction.  Punitive approaches can exacerbate the difficulties the individual may be experiencing.   A useful technique is to decide upon a protocol with the employee ahead of time regarding how to address potential problems.
4. Take a positive approach.  Giving positive feedback, which identifies strengths along with areas for improvement, allows the veteran to recognize his or her own unique abilities, and build upon them.  A supportive management style can bring dormant skills to the surface.  Veterans bring leadership and team-building skills to their work environment and their commitment to a dedicated organization can inspire all employees to higher levels of achievement.
5. Give things time.  Occasionally, wounded warriors may exhibit signs of stress, or appear overwhelmed.  In these instances, it's important to recognize that these incidents are often transient, passing quickly when the people are given space to collect themselves.  Additionally, many cognitive problems improve over time. Their effects are often minimized as accommodation and familiarity take root in the organization.
6. Make use of available resources. Many resources exist to help with the transition from the military to the civilian workforce, and to help address the injuries of war.  One example,Cognitive Compass, helps business managers understand and address the challenges they may face with employees who experience cognitive disabilities. Another resource, Joint Complementary and Alternative Medicine and Performance Programs ( JCamp2 ), is a website that lists nationwide services, programs, and treatments for service members, veterans, and their families at reduced or no cost.
7. Embrace technology as part of corporate strategy. There are a number of excellent tools and applications available as apps for mobile phones or PCs. Technology aids are usually free of stigma, and can provide parity to an individual with a disability.
8. Encourage peer-to-peer support structures. Whenever possible, assign veterans a co-worker "buddy" to help the new individual transition more easily into the workplace.  If you don't have a veteran employee resource group, start one.
Hiring a wounded warrior can be one of smartest business decisions a company can make. A veteran's commitment to getting the job done and his or her discipline in the workforce is unsurpassed. For employers to leverage those qualities, all it takes is a little knowledge, understanding, and patience.
_____________
Follow Rob Szczerba on Twitter (@RJSzczerba) , Facebook , and LinkedIn .
Follow Robert J. Szczerba on Twitter: www.twitter.com/RJSzczerba
More:

The Key to a Successful Presentation Most People Ignorereddit
People tend to worry about all the wrong things when they have to do a presentation.  Will they remember everything they want to say?  Will they be nervous and their voice start to quiver?  Will the video start when they press the play button?  But, the biggest worry of all should be the most important person in the room.  The reaction of that one person to your presentation is probably going to be the biggest factor in whether or not your presentation will be successful at accomplishing your goal.  And that's true whether there are two people or 20 in the room.
Your first step of course is to figure out who that person is.  Do whatever you can in advance to learn who's going to be in attendance. Even for an external presentation to people outside of your company, it's perfectly reasonable to ask about the names and positions of those who will be attending.  If there's any resistance, it's often helpful to say "we don't use canned presentations," adding something along the lines that "you want to be sure you tailor the presentation for those attending."
Once you have the names, and hopefully the role of each person, you still may not know the most important person in the room.  Don't just go by the titles.  The VP may be sitting in on the meeting but there may be someone with a lesser title who's the key decision-maker.  Figuring that out is usually easier with an internal audience but even when presenting to an outside party, if you have a good relationship with your contact, do be afraid to ask, "Who's the key person we need to convince?"
Once you think you've identified the most important person in the room (TMIPITR), try to learn everything you can about them.  Fortunately, sites like Google and LinkedIn have made that a relatively easy task that can often be accomplished in a matter of minutes rather than requiring the hours of research previously required.  Armed with this knowledge, you might make reference to a shared collegiate experience ("Big Ten football certainly was intense!") or mention your last visit to the city where they live.  Creating common ground on a personal level at the onset can help connect and set a positive tone for the rest of the meeting.
During the presentation, try to be very aware of the reactions of TMIPITR.  Is she nodding in agreement?  Smiling?  Those visual cues are very likely going to be noticed by the others in the audience and help your cause.  Is she frowning?  Checking the messages on her mobile?  In that case, try to get her reengaged by acknowledging something she has done in the past.  (Avoid asking a direct question since you might end up embarrassing her and making the situation worse.)
Don't focus all of your attention on that person.  You don't want to be that obvious and it could seem patronizing; be sure to engage everyone in the room.
When it's time for Q&A, be prepared: the first comment often sets the tone for the rest of the follow-up and Q&A session.  If that first response is hostile and argumentative, you're likely to remain on the defensive.  If you think TMIPITR is leaning toward a favorable response, getting their opinion out there first can be a big help.  On the other hand, a dismissive comment could be disastrous.
Watch the body language and reactions during the presentation.  If TMIPITR is unlikely to be your cheerleader, was there someone else in the room who seemed like they might be?  That's the person you want to get the first comment out after you finish.
The reality is that people are very often swayed by their colleagues' opinions.  Even movie reviewers don't like being the outlier; the one who hated the movie everyone else loved.  And in business, TMIPITR is often going to have an outsized influence on everyone else's opinion.  Often, people find out afterwards who was the most important person in the room.  Find out before and you'll increase your odds for success.
More:

Banking Saves Health Carereddit
Leveraging data transaction expertise can create a better future for a troubled industry
Data is increasingly the currency in which health care trades. Everyone in health care knows we sit on mountains of incredibly valuable data, including patient records, physician notes, health insurance claims and pharmaceutical studies. The ability to analyze and gain insights from this data will enable us to make incredible strides to improve the health of individuals and entire populations. What's stopping us? Health care lacks a comprehensive strategy and universal platform for data transaction. No health care stakeholder today can easily and cost effectively share data with all of the other stakeholders. And yet, data transaction isn't rocket science.
The problem that confronts health care represents a lucrative business opportunity for the industry that does data transaction best: banking.
The cost of everything
There's currently no way to share our health care data universally, because as the value of health care data increases, all sorts of stakeholders introduce a multitude of proprietary interfaces that are designed to protect value by protecting the data itself. We didn't "charge" for information -- we just made it nearly impossible to get at. But everything has a cost, whether it's transparent or hidden. So health care pays for consulting services. We pay for more computer systems. We pay for additional staff to manage the systems. We pay in reduced efficiency and duplication of effort. Most important, we all pay in lost opportunities to help patients live better, longer lives.
So who knows how to value data transactions -- and thereby provide a common platform for the valuation of health care data itself? Banking.
The credit card's transactional heart
Banks have built wildly successful credit card operations by becoming the nexus of value between product or service and payment. They provide a powerful platform for exchange and offer a fee schedule that stakeholders agree (despite some occasional grumbling) is common and acceptable. The credit card became essential when it became medium of exchange everybody used (with a small transaction fee to vendors). It became a phenomenal moneymaker when banks used the card's "essential" quality to add fees - like card fees, late fees and interest charges.
Banks could follow the same scenario with health care: provide the universal data transaction platform for individual patient care for a small, cost-effective fee. After adoption is ensured, they could develop a more lucrative fee schedule for health care data "reuse" -- such as for clinical pharmaceutical studies -- and charge accordingly. Between the size of the health care industry and the rapidly growing need for multi-purpose data, the revenue could be in the billions.
Here's just one example of how this might work. An electronic medical records company has an interface with physicians; an insurance company has an interface with subscribers; a hospital system has an interface for the transfer of administrative information between sites. Banks establish the cost of each transaction to the respective parties, identify where cost can be removed through efficiency and scalability and provide the transaction for, say, one percent of savings. Costs are reduced, efficiency increased, banks create the framework for additional profit and health care professionals acquire the data they want - painlessly. Everyone wins.
Expertise worth paying for
It's clear that we in health care can't do anything like this on our own. Continuing to pursue our tactical focus on data standardization and software interoperability is pointless. In the era of Big Data, we need a comprehensive data transaction strategy that enables health care to realize the full potential of the information we keep adding to by the petabyte every day. The banking industry could provide that strategy -- and the means to implement it. By supporting banks in making a profit in return for their expertise, we could accelerate a transformation that can benefit everyone. Health care sometimes has difficulty viewing itself as a business. But however health care is defined, we could change our fortunes dramatically if we turned to the banking business and leveraged their expertise.
More:

How to Make a Powerful First Impressionreddit
It takes only seconds for others to form an opinion of us when we meet them for the first time. What they initially see becomes their own personal version of the truth, and it can be hard to change a first impression. You are judged by your ability to put others at ease, and your professional image can be enhanced or harmed by a few simple gestures.
Here are a few ways to use those primary moments to your advantage and create a favorable first impression.
Show up. Woody Allen said it best: "Showing up is 80 percent of life." If you have the courage and perseverance to walk through the door, you are on your way to success. Make an effort to attend events that you know will be valuable to your personal and professional growth.
Go in with a mission. You may not be able to meet everyone at a large event, but make an attempt to meet four or five key players that you are interested in getting to know. Do some advance preparation; find out who will be attending and learn what you can about them and their company. Put some thought into what you want to communicate to those you intend to meet. Your time will be limited so think intentionally.
Stand for all introductions. Forget the rules you learned as a child, "young ladies stay seated, and young men stand up." Both men and women show respect for themselves and the other person by standing up to shake hands for an introduction. Rising from your chair sends the message that you are interested and engaged in the person you are speaking with.
Practice introducing yourself. When meeting someone for the first time, offer an engaging smile, extend your hand for a firm handshake and speak your name slowly and deliberately to help them remember it. Most people rattle their names off quickly, making it difficult for the other person to hear and remember. I have a colleague who purposely pauses for an extra second between his first and last name to help the other individual process the introduction.
Make conversation, not a business pitch. Take it upon yourself to initiate and sustain an enjoyable, friendly interaction. Focus your attention on the person you are meeting, showing a genuine interest. By asking open-ended questions and using their name in conversation, you will come across as a fascinating conversationalist.
Be well informed. It's completely up to you to make yourself interesting. Know what is happening in the community and the world, from headlines to sports news, having a variety of topics on hand to keep the conversation flowing. Don't go in with the objective of sealing a deal, but instead, begin laying the foundation for a future relationship.
Thoughtfully end the conversation. End the visit as pleasantly as it began; extending your hand for a closing handshake. Express your interest in a follow-up discussion at another time, leaving the door open for a future opportunity to connect. Follow up with, "May I offer you my business card?" if the person is not a senior executive.
Project confidence through your body language. Your posture and dress will go a long way toward creating a positive impact on those you meet. Someone standing tall with their chin up, shoulders back and an engaging smile is infinitely more approachable than someone slouching and leaning against the wall. The manner in which you carry yourself sends a strong message -- make it a good one.
For more etiquette tips, visit Diane's popular blog , connect with her here on The Huffington Post, follow her on Pinterest and Instagram and "like" The Protocol School of Texas on Facebook .
Follow Diane Gottsman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dianegottsman
More:

Analysis: Bold Action Required on Renewal of the International Technology Agreement During APEC Summitreddit
One of the most-watched issues at next week's Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Beijing will be whether China and the U.S. can overcome longstanding differences and strike a deal to update and extend the nearly two-decade-old Information Technology Agreement, a 78-economy pact that eliminates tariffs on such high-tech products as semiconductors, computers and telecommunication equipment.
Earlier this year, Dr. Dieter Ernst , an economist at the East-West Center in Hawaii, prepared a think piece for the "E15 Initiative" by the World Economic Forum and the International Centre for Sustainable Trade and Development, in which he documents the very different experiences of China and India with ITA.
Ernst demonstrates that the success or failure of trade liberalization is determined by a country's economic structure -- i.e., its institutions and policies, its market size and sophistication, and the managerial and technological capabilities of its firms -- as well as its integration into geographically dispersed global networks of production and innovation. These parameters encompass what Ernst terms "domestic determinants of gains from trade for industrial development and innovation."
"These differences in the economic structure of ITA participants pose new, and so far little-understood, challenges for the analysis of liberalization gains," Ernst writes, "especially with regard to the impact on developing countries' industrial development and innovation."
His analysis examines why China's electronics industry has benefited substantially from the ITA, while in India the gains from trade liberalization have been overshadowed by major costs that are eroding domestic electronic manufacturing and innovation. In particular, he focuses on the degree to which domestic economic structures and global network integration are useful to explain the very different approaches of India and China to the current ITA-2 negotiations.
While India decided not to participate, China seeks to co-shape an expanded ITA-2 alongside the U.S., Ernst notes. But the real sticking point remains advanced semiconductors, where China is adamant that it will not accept tariff cuts, a position that is unacceptable for the U.S.
China's position, however, reflects its overriding objective to upgrade its electronics industry through innovation and the development of generic technology platforms like multi-component semiconductors, Ernst asserts. This shift in industrial strategy may largely explain China's role in current ITA-2 negotiations (in addition to the seemingly unending inter-agency rivalries within China's government).
"The stalemate in ITA-2 negotiations signals a possible roadblock to progressive trade liberalization in high-tech industries," Ernst writes. "Mega-developing countries like India and China have enough resources to cope with a possible stalemate of ITA-2 negotiations ... but for the majority of developing countries, such stalled and incomplete trade liberalization could have quite serious consequences, depriving them of speedy access to critical productivity-enhancing information technologies."
Bold action is required, he writes, to avoid possible trade conflicts: "For policy debates, this raises questions like: What changes are necessary in domestic regulations as well as in industrial and innovation policies to reap the potential benefits of ITA trade liberalization? And, equally important: How does a country's innovation capacity in a particular industry affect its approach to multilateral and plurilateral trade agreements?"
In the end, Ernst concludes, both the U.S. and China have a strong interest in finding a compromise during the APEC Summit. From the U.S. perspective, a mini ITA-2 without China would be an oxymoron. Not only is China the world biggest smart-phone market, it is also by far the most important market for U.S. semiconductor firms.
As the senior vice-president of global policy at the Information Technology Industry Council, John Neuffer, has pointed out, "China has got to be part of this. They are too big a player. You can't have an outcome without the Chinese."
Follow East-West Center on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EastWestCenter
More:

October Jobs Report: First Impressionsreddit
The US job market continues to truck along at a solid clip, with payrolls adding over 200,000 jobs for the ninth straight month -- including 214,000 last month -- the unemployment rate ticking down to 5.8%, the closely watched participation rate ticking up a tenth, positive payroll revisions of 31,000 for August and September, and a slight bump up in average weekly hours worked.
Yet wage growth is still stuck at 2% on a yearly basis, just slightly ahead of inflation. In other words, while the job market is unquestionably tightening, it's still not tight enough to boost the bargaining clout of most workers. More job seekers are finding work, more incumbent workers are getting the extra hours they seek -- involuntary part-time work is down by about one million workers over the past year. Even the long-stagnant employment rate (the share of the population with a job) is showing a bit of muscle, up 20 basis points last month and one percentage point compared to year ago.
But wage growth has been stuck at about 2% since late 2009, standing out as the most important piece of unfinished business in the labor market.
Turning briefing to the payroll numbers, my patented jobs day smoother, which averages monthly gains over different intervals, tells the story of how employers are adding jobs at a fairly steady pace now between 220K and 230K per month (see figure below). Not breakneck job growth, but steady and fast enough to lead to a steady tick down in the jobless rate.
In fact, at 5.8%, unemployment is the lowest it's been since the summer of 2008 and the more comprehensive measure of underemployment, at 11.5%, has fallen steeply off of its peak rate of 17.1% back in late 2009, amidst the worst of the downturn.
Today's report also offers another data point in another important trend: the stabilization of the labor force participation rate, which has wiggled within a narrow range between 62.7% and 63.2% since last August. This suggests that working-age people are increasingly less likely to drop out of the job market due to their perceived lack of adequate opportunities.
While the growth in average hourly earnings is flat, that of weekly earnings is up 2.6% due to the aforementioned bump in weekly hours, which at 34.6 hours per week hit a post-recession high. That's a plus for real weekly paychecks, given the inflation was last seen rising at about 1.7% on a yearly basis, implying real weekly earnings are up almost a percent. Moreover, with gas prices falling, weekly paychecks are likely to climb even a bit further in real terms in coming months.
However, let's be clear about this: if the only way to get ahead is more weekly hours at stagnant hourly wages, then eventually stresses to balancing work and family will begin to show. What we see here is something that's been evident in the US job market since the latter 1970s: productivity -- or output per hour of work -- is rising but it's not showing up in most workers' hourly wages.
This combination of stagnant hourly wage growth and low inflation (even without energy prices, as in the Fed's inflation gauge) implies a strong need for patience regarding the unwinding of monetary stimulus at the Fed. The job market is slowly but steadily moving towards full employment, but there's still considerable slack. If we want to see real wages going up across the wage scale -- not just at the top, but at the bottom as well -- we're going to need to not only get to full employment, but to stay there.
Source: BLS, my analysis.
Follow Jared Bernstein on Twitter: www.twitter.com/econjared
More:

Will continue to guide Goa govt in policy decisions: Manohar ParrikarSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
Former Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar has said he has been asked by the BJP high command to guide the Laxmikant Parsekar-led state government, even after he takes over a bigger role at the Centre.
“I will always be guiding Goa government. I may not interfere with the state government, but I will be helping it in the policy decisions. The party high command has asked me to take that role,” Parrikar told PTI, before leaving for Delhi to be inducted today into the Union Cabinet where he is tipped to get the Defence portfolio.
Parrikar, the BJP’s popular face in the state, said he has been asked by the party to help the team in Goa.
“You will not find me interfering with the government, but my role would be restricted to (guiding in) policy decisions,” he said.
Goa’s new Chief Minister Laxmikant Parsekar had told the media yesterday that Parrikar would be consulted for important decisions, including the upcoming Cabinet expansion and allocation of portfolios.
Parrikar said during his two-and-half years’ tenure as CM, he worked at a pace three times more than normal.
“I was handling the administration single-handedly. I was working for seven days, putting in 16 hours of work a day. Even if you calculate the number of hours put in, you can feel that it is two-and-half times more than normal,” he said.
“God has given me a good knack of administrative capabilities. That helped me in governing the state,” the 58-year-old leader said, admitting that he wanted to complete the tenure (to end in 2017).
The former chief minister said the support and love extended to him by the people of Goa was enormous.
“…Goa has a typical character. If you are loved here, you will get love in abundance and if you are hated, then people will boot you out,” Parrikar said.
TAGS: Goa Laxmikant Parsekar Manohar Parrikar Union Cabinet
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

Salman Rushdie son convicted of drink driving in UKSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
The London-based son of famous British Indian author Salman Rushdie has been convicted of drink driving after he was found asleep at the wheel of his BMW.
Zafar Rushdie, 35, pleaded guilty to the charge last week and was banned from driving for 17 months and also fined 620 pounds which he paid on the spot at a magistrates court here.
The PR company boss of celebrity talent company Rushide Media was on his way home from a drinks evening when he was discovered slumped over the wheel at more over twice the alcohol limit at the traffic lights 100 yards from his flat in Hampstead area of north London on August 1.
Prosecutor Emily Maunders said officers following in a marked police car knocked on the window of his BMW X5 when the traffic lights turned green twice and the vehicle made no attempt to move.
“The defendant was described as either being asleep or having a medical episode. They banged on the window and there was no response. They continued on four or five occasions. He then appeared to wake, and he appeared confused and under the influence,” she said in court.
Rushdie was taken into custody, where a test revealed he had 182mg of alcohol in 100ml of blood, against a legal limit of 80mg.
His defence lawyer Mark Haslam pleaded for leniency claiming the eldest son of ‘The Satanic Verses’ author had been suffering “personal relation problems” on the night and was “tired” from raising money for charity.
“I do ask you to undertake a balancing exercise in balancing his good character,” he said.
Chairman of the bench Mark Beattie, however, told Rushdie: “We must disqualify you”.
Rushdie was also ordered to pay 85 pound costs and a 15 pound victim surcharge.
The conviction throws wedding plans for him and his fiance, soprano Natalie Coyle, into disarray.
The couple had got engaged in July and planned to marry in New York next September.
However, the conviction could hamper Rushdie’s travel to the US over the next 17 months.
TAGS: Drink Driving Salman Rushdie Zafar Rushdie
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

Kiss of Love  confronts RSS  forces cops to step inSushma Swaraj pushes for declaring Gita as national scripture
The ‘Kiss of Love’ bandwagon today reached Delhi where a major confrontation was avoided by police when it prevented around 60 protesters, mostly students, from reaching the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) office in central Delhi where they wanted to stage a demonstration.
The event organisers had set up a Facebook page through which the event was fixed at 4 PM in front of the RSS office in Jhandewalan today and youths were mobilised to join it.
Women kiss each other to express support to the ‘Kiss of Love’ campaign near the Hindu right-wing Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) headquarters in New Delhi. The campaign was launched to protest alleged moral policing. (AP)
As the protesters, mostly students of University of Delhi and the Jawaharlal Nehru University, tried to march from the Jhandewalan metro station to the RSS office, they were stopped by police who had set up barricades on the way.
Another group Hindu Sena had also organised a counter protest in the same area and there was a brief altercation but police stepped in to control the situation.
Asked so as to why they had chosen the RSS office for the protest, the protesters alleged that the right wing groups have been “denying them public space” to express their affection.
“While around 50 campaigners managed to cross the first level of barricading, all of them were stopped at the second barricade which was set around 50 metres away from the RSS office. We had orders to arrest whosoever tried to get past the final barricading but nobody was detained or arrested and all of them dispersed around 7 PM,” said a senior police official.
The barricading and protesters caused severe traffic congestion in the area which was removed by 7:30 PM, he added.
The first “Kiss of Love” event was held in Kochi on November 2 after activists from all over Kerala decided to protest against alleged moral policing by right-wing groups. Similar events have been organised at Kolkata, Hyderabad and Mumbai.
Members of various Hindu organizations shout slogans as they try to prevent activists participating in the ‘Kiss of Love’ campaign from approaching the headquarters of the right-wing Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) in New Delhi. Posters read ‘Kiss of Love will not work in India’. (AP)
The campaign stated after a coffee shop in north Kerala’s Kozhikode city was vandalised by a group of people who were protesting against “public display of affection” by some couples there.
(PTI)
TAGS: Kiss Of Love Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh RSS
More from miscellaneous
Akhilesh Yadav wants equal participation of states, Centre Laying down the broad contour of the new Planning Commission, or any such body that replaces it, should take...

Where is the government actionFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

How low can the price of crude go© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/de459900-6664-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Robert Shrimsley: how to ditch a corporate gift© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2e7abe8a-6545-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bracken Bower Prize finalistsSpecial Mention:
Ndoronomics, by Gregory Smith, Economist, World Bank   [read summary]
The Financial Times and McKinsey & Company, organisers of the Business Book of the Year Award, want to encourage young authors to tackle emerging business themes. They hope to unearth new talent and encourage writers to research ideas that could fill future business books of the year. A prize of £15,000 will be given for the best book proposal.
The Bracken Bower Prize is named after Brendan Bracken who was chairman of the FT from 1945 to 1958 and Marvin Bower, managing director of McKinsey from 1950 to 1967, who were instrumental in laying the foundations for the present day success of the two institutions. This prize honours their legacy but also opens a new chapter by encouraging young writers and researchers to identify and analyse the business trends of the future.
The inaugural prize will be awarded to the best proposal for a book about the challenges and opportunities of growth. The main theme of the proposed work should be forward-looking. In the spirit of the Business Book of the Year, the proposed book should aim to provide a compelling and enjoyable insight into future trends in business, economics, finance or management. The judges will favour authors who write with knowledge, creativity, originality and style and whose proposed books promise to break new ground, or examine pressing business challenges in original ways.
Only writers who are under 35 on November 11 2014 (the day the prize will be awarded) are eligible. They can be a published author, but the proposal itself must be original and must not have been previously submitted to a publisher.
The proposal should be no longer than 5,000 words – an essay or an article that conveys the argument, scope and style of the proposed book – and must include a description of how the finished work would be structured, for example, a list of chapter headings and a short bullet-point description of each chapter. In addition entrants should submit a biography, emphasising why they are qualified to write a book on this topic. The best proposals will be published on FT.com. Co-authored entries are welcome.
The organisers cannot guarantee publication of any book by the winners or runners-up. The finalists will be invited to the November 11 dinner where the Bracken Bower Prize will be awarded alongside the Business Book of the Year Award, in front of an audience of publishers, agents, authors and business figures. Once the finalists’ entries appear on FT.com, authors will be free to solicit or accept offers from publishers. The closing date for entries was 5pm (BST) on September 30th 2014. This year's prize is now closed to further entries.
Full rules for The Bracken Bower prize are available here
THE JUDGES

Jancis Robinson: royal redsNovember 7, 2014 5:28 pm
The Queen’s wine merchants
Jancis Robinson
For well over two centuries Justerini & Brooks and Berry Bros have done battle in the British marketplace
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b050fedc-6546-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China foresees $1.25bn in outbound investmentChina foresees outbound investment of $1.25tn in a decade
Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/806fe102-67de-11e4-acc0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hong Kong infertile for Chinese IPOsChina IPOs in Hong Kong disappoint
Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1a5bfedc-6630-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

North Korea frees two US prisonersLast updated: November 9, 2014 6:18 am
North Korea frees two US prisoners
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af0f138a-67bf-11e4-85c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pakistan delays $800m OGDCL stake salePakistan delays $800m OGDCL stake sale
Farhan Bokhari in Islamabad and Avantika Chilkoti in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/88e61452-67dc-11e4-bcd5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

All Blacks beat EnglandNovember 8, 2014 6:50 pm
All Blacks beat England at Twickenham
Fergus Ryan at Twickenham
New Zealand win despite never approaching top gear and playing for 10 minutes with only 14 men
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/62d67622-6772-11e4-8970-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

England rugby coach wary of ruck over filmOctober 17, 2014 6:36 pm
England rugby coach wary of ruck over patriotic film
Andrew Bounds in Leeds
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9bfa6062-5606-11e4-a3c9-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

England beat All Blacks  commerciallyEngland beat All Blacks – commercially
By Roger Blitz, Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b3391bf2-3b0e-11e2-b111-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US doubles Iraq troops to combat IsisUS doubles troop numbers in Iraq to combat Isis
Geoff Dyer in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f64ffb6-66cd-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ubers battle becomes a war of attritionLast updated: October 16, 2014 8:18 pm
Uber’s battle becomes a war of attrition
Richard Waters
Taxi app’s massive $1.2bn from its latest round of fundraising make it a fearsome competitor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e1f70ede-5549-11e4-89e8-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US economy adds 214 000 jobs in OctoberUS economy adds 214,000 jobs in October
By Robin Harding in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fd4b310a-6684-11e4-9c0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall Street slips off highs after US jobs reportWall Street slips off highs after US jobs report
Michael Hunter in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d5ef35ba-662b-11e4-898f-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jobs report reveals two streaksCardiff Garcia
Cardiff writes mostly about US macroeconomic issues, with daily excursions into other topics about which he claim no expertise. Before Alphaville, Cardiff spent a little more than two years as a reporter at Dow Jones Financial News covering investment banking, asset management, and private equity. Along the way he has written freelance pieces on a variety of other topics from behavioural psychology to Muay Thai, the latter also being a personal interest that involves frequently getting kicked in the shins (and torso, and head).

US earnings boost masks revenue fearsUS earnings boost masks revenue fears
Eric Platt and Michael MacKenzie – New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c99916dc-65f4-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Greed is no longer good for millennialsMillennials look to tech stars as finance careers leave them cold
Harriet Agnew, City Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0b344c28-6673-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Graduates swap banking for washing powderBusiness students swap banking careers for jobs in consumer goods
Harriet Agnew, City Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/893217c0-65b7-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Autocrats and their palacesFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Men Explain Things to Me; We Should All Be FeministsNovember 7, 2014 4:59 pm
‘Men Explain Things to Me’; ‘We Should All Be Feminists’
Review by Erica Wagner
Essays that shed light on the challenges for modern feminism, from Aspen to Lagos
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f5963f6a-6376-11e4-8216-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

What cheaper oil means for the economyWhat cheaper oil means for investors, consumers and the economy
John Authers
Impact on markets is hard to gauge, but the average American will benefit
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eacd4860-66a7-11e4-91ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BP rises as bid talk resurfacesBP rises as bid talk resurfaces
Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/deaffee4-66a0-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ford replaces head of European armFord replaces head of European arm
Andy Sharman, Motor Industry Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/246c8122-667a-11e4-9c0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks fail to rein in risky lendingBanks fail to rein in risky lending despite watchdog crackdown
Gina Chon in Washington and Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d7c99d74-66a0-11e4-91ab-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xiaomi to be valued above $40bnXiaomi to be valued above $40bn in fund raising
Tim Bradshaw and Richard Waters in San Francisco and Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2995254e-662c-11e4-a454-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nigerias currency  calm now  devaluation laterSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Taylor Swift: a star dimming SpotifyA star who dimmed Spotify’s fortunes
Ludovic Hunter-Tilney
Singer’s lyrics conceal a shrewd mind and a pursuit of profit, writes Ludovic Hunter-Tilney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d46c76e0-6526-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Britain should stay on Europes fringesNovember 7, 2014 12:54 pm
Britain has the best of both worlds on the fringes of Europe
Michael Portillo
Immigration is a red herring and a referendum is not the solution, writes Michael Portillo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/129c569a-64fc-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Castrated pigs and the US body politicCastrated pigs and the US body politic
Gary Silverman
As election night dragged on, I sensed my appetite for politics waning and my interest in hogs waxing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e27b90b8-6526-11e4-91b1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xiaomi: cheap or cheerful© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f59391d2-6657-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gold miners: pass the aqua regia© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/451dbb5a-64dd-11e4-bb43-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bhopal unending tragedy Thirty years after the incidentBhopal unending tragedy? Thirty years after the incident
Poulomi Banerjee , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, November 09, 2014
First Published: 12:50 IST(9/11/2014) | Last Updated: 14:37 IST(9/11/2014)
Comments
There is much that is interesting about Bhopal. The period between 1890 and 1926, for example, when it was ruled by a succession of Begums, or its sobriquet of 'city of lakes'.
If Benaras is known for its exquisite silks, Bhopal was famous for its zari work. All that changed on the intervening night of December 2-3, 1984.
Fans of the 1975 screen classic, Sholay, may still associate the city with the character of Surma Bhopali - today, the city has a restaurant named after him - but in the collective consciousness, Bhopal has come to be associated inextricably with the gas tragedy.
Bhopal Gas Tragedy
Thirty years on, the incident continues to cause agony, both physical and emotional, to victims. It has also divided the city in two. In the more recently-built quarters, the shadow of 1984 has almost dissipated. Here, there is no pain blazing in the eyes long after the tears have dried; you do not hear the repeated refrain of 'khatam ho gaya'  uttered in a voice that has lost its grief in the struggle to survive, to take care of the ones that remain. In every house in the bylanes around the ruins of the Union Carbide  India Ltd. (UCIL) plant, you hear of parents, spouses and children who died, khatam ho gaye, either in the days or months that followed the disaster, or of lingering health issues in the years since.
"My mother died that night. She choked in her sleep. My father and I survived but we continue to suffer from breathing trouble, failing vision and weakness," says Sunita (35). When Union Carbide came to Bhopal in 1969, all that we knew was that it was a plant that was making pesticide. Local MLAs belonging to the Communist parties had always opposed the setting up of the plant within the city. But then prime minister Indira Gandhi said that the Union Carbide plant in Bhopal would give a boost to the Green Revolution in the country," recalls Abdul Jabbar, who has been fighting for the rights of victims since immediately after the event. Jabbar himself lost his parents and brother in the disaster. 
TR Chouhan, former MIC (Methyl Isocyanate) plant operator at Union Carbide's Bhopal facility, says, "The management had told the workers that the Bhopal plant had been designed and built on the basis of the company's 20 years of experience in manufacturing MIC at the company's West Virginia plant. However, after the accident, I came to know that there had been many differences between the two plants, which made the one in Bhopal dangerous." He adds, "Also, in case of an accident, the company had made evacuation plans only for the workers and not for the people living around the plant. Even the siren to warn people was switched off after five minutes, as per the company's revised policies. Only a muted alarm to alert plant personnel continued to ring." Conspiracy theories, scandals, allegations, blame games, protests and litigations - the years since 1984 - have seen them all, ensuring that Bhopal never quite slipped out of the headlines. When Warren Anderson, who was Union Carbide CEO in 1984 (he came to the country four days after the accident, was detained, and was subsequently allowed to leave), died in the US on September 29, Bhopal erupted in anger. Anderson never faced punishment.
On November 10, victims and activists will gather at New Delhi's Jantar Mantar for a waterless hunger strike by five women survivors. They are demanding additional compensation for all survivors and a correction of figures of death and the extent of injury in the curative petition filed in the Supreme Court by the central government. They contend that the event physically weakened many victims, robbing them of their ability to work. "Doctors are still treating victims with symptomatic drugs. And because of the indiscriminate use of psychotropic drugs, painkillers and steroids, the victims are developing a fresh set of problems such as kidney damage. All this is because of Union Carbide not disclosing the nature of MIC, which has resulted in doctors not being able to find the correct antidote," says activist Satinath Sarangi. In 2000, The Bhopal Medical Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC) was set up under the Supreme Court's directive. The hospital has not been without its share of scandals. In 2011, 279 victims were allegedly illegally tested for new drugs without their knowledge. The matter is subjudice. The current director of the hospital, Manoj Pandey, shied away from commenting on that scandal but was more forthcoming on the health of victims. "The most common ailments are chronic respiratory and pulmonary diseases and cataract," he says. Psychological disorders are also prevalent. While Sarangi mentions increased incidences of tuberculosis and cancer among the survivors, Pandey is less willing to attribute the cause of these disorders to toxic gas exposure. In one of its reports on Bhopal, the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) admitted to "higher incidence rates of cancer in the gas affected areas." However, it concluded that the spread of cancer was "in anatomical sites that are associated with use of tobacco..."
The horror seems to pass down the generations. When Mohd. Altamash (8) was born with crippling disabilities, the family was convinced it was because his father had been exposed to the toxic MIC fumes as a five-year-old. Families claim congenital malformations are common in the affected areas. An ICMR report based on clinical studies conducted between 1985 and 1994 records that "the incidence of congenital malformations per 1,000 births was 14.2 in affected areas and 12.6 in control or unaffected areas." In the same study to record pregnancy outcome in women exposed to MIC/toxic gas, the number of abortions recorded in the affected areas was 24.2 per cent. It was just  5.6 per cent in the control areas. Dr NP Mishra, who was dean of Gandhi Medical College and one of the main doctors to treat the gas victims at the time, denied that one-term exposure to MIC by the people of Bhopal has had any long term residual effect. Dr NP Mishra was on the ICMR review committee that studied the effect of MIC exposure on the people. Mishra's verdict contradicts the findings of activist and academician Anil Sadgopal. In a report filed in the Supreme Court in August 1988, Sadgopal and Dr Sujit K. Das said, "evidence emerging from a number of Indian research projects has established that MIC enters the bloodstream and reacts with various tissue components, thereby persisting and causing multi-systematic disorders." It's an argument, which like the suffering of the victims, looks set to go on.
Meanwhile, leftover toxic chemicals from the plant continues to contaminate the soil and ground water here. A Centre for Science and Environment  (CSE) report says "tests have showed widespread contamination of soil and groundwater with heavy metals, organic chemicals and pesticides". Studies have shown that the effects of the contamination vary from allergic skin reactions, to kidney problems, damage to the nervous system, cancer and damage to reproductive health. Alarmingly, the site itself seems to double up as a playground for the neighbourhood's children who sneak in through holes in the boundary wall. Last year, the CSE, Delhi, invited experts to come up with an action plan for Bhopal. But it's clear that legal and official hurdles continue to delay the cleaning up of 30-year-old chemical trash.
I can't work now. Who will look after my daughters?
Remembers the night of December 2, 1984, like it was yesterday. "I was only 20 years old then, but I was married and already had three children. That night, I was visiting my parents, who lived in the same area. I had gone to bed but woke up with a burning sensation in my eyes. I couldn't breathe," she recalls. With a child in each arm, Noor Jahan ran out. Her brother carried her youngest child, Afroz. Though, their lives were spared, the next day, Afroz and his sister had to be taken to the doctor. "My daughter's eyes were swollen. She couldn't see. Afroz had inhaled so much of the toxic fumes, that his stomach had swollen. Though, he was released after preliminary medication, little did Afroz and his family know that his travails were far from over.
"He would keep falling ill. He had frequent stomach aches and would often vomit. We took him to the government hospitals but the doctors kept sending us back with medicines that would dull the pain for a while. Then he started vomiting blood. It was then that the doctors told us that his kidney was damaged," says Noor Jahan. By then, Afroz had married and had three children. "I used to work in the welding industry. But now, after frequent dialysis and surgery, I have been told not to do any heavy physical labour. I have three daughters. How will I look after them?" frets Afroz. 
The government doesn't even recognise him as a gas victim. His treatment at the BMHRC is being done on his mother's victim card. "The compensation court asked for his age proof. We are illiterate people. When we were putting Afroz in school, the teacher said that he had crossed the admission age and suggested that we reduce his age in the form. We agreed. We had no idea that this document would later be used to prove that he had been born after the tragedy," says Noor Jahan.
Afroz is not the only member of the family with health problems. "My eldest son has been married for 10 years, but has no children. People say he has become infertile because of his exposure to the toxic fumes. My youngest son Iqbal, born a year after the tragedy, developed a tumour on his shoulder as  a child. We feared it might be cancer, but thankfully, there were no problems after it was removed. However, he too has been complaining of stomach aches and vomiting," says Noor Jahan. The 50-year-old herself has trouble walking. She and her husband both have breathing difficulties.
With Afroz unable to work, and his father and brothers earning a meagre salary as labourers, the family hopes the Supreme Court and the government will review the compensation package and come up with one that is more favourable for the victims, and also make better healthcare available to them.
My son (45) cannot work; he's been ailing since '84
In 1990, Chirounji Bai, 70, got a house in what goes by the name of Gas Widows Colony in Bhopal. Open drains, potholed roads and a general air of neglect gives the place a dismal air. Residents complain that, in the monsoon, when the drains begin to overflow and the roads are waterlogged, life becomes unbearable here. "I was among the first ones to be allotted a house here. These houses were given in three phases. Over the years, many of the widows sold them or gave them on rent and moved away," says Chirounji Bai, who lost her husband nine months after the disaster. "He had inhaled a lot of the toxic fumes. We took him to the hospital immediately but his internal organs had been affected. He never recovered," she says. She herself has to cope with frequent chest pains, cough and breathlessness. "I can't even walk a few steps without beginning to pant," she says.
The disaster killed her daughter and ruined the lives of the entire family. "My daughter was married to a man who lived outside Bhopal but had been visiting us that night. My grandson was born with complications. He has breathing trouble and can't do heavy physical work. My 45-year-old son can't work. He has been ailing since the gas tragedy. My husband had a shop. We had to sell it because there was no one to look after it," she says. Chirounji Bai did receive `10 lakh as compensation, but with no steady income, the family still has to face financial constraints. "This colony has such poor infrastructure. Drinking water and drainage are big problems," she says. On November 10, Chirounji Bai will be in Delhi with the other victims in their struggle for justice.
Event Diary
The Bhopal gas disaster took place on December 3, 1984.
In February 1989, the Bhopal Settlement awarded the victims a total compensation of $470 million.
In 2010, the CJM, Bhopal, prosecuted the accused but restricted punishment to two years imprisonment and Rs. 1 lakh fine.

http://usat.ly/1GDBU3xFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
A credit card is not an emergency fund
No one likes to think about falling victim to a major emergency, but we all know that misfortune could strike at any time. It's important to be prepared, and that means saving up an emergency fund of 3-6
Post to Facebook
A credit card is not an emergency fund No one likes to think about falling victim to a major emergency, but we all know that misfortune could strike at any time. It's important to be prepared, and that means saving up an emergency fund of 3-6 Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u9NPR4
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
3
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
A credit card is not an emergency fund
Lindsay Konsko, NerdWallet 12:45 p.m. EST November 8, 2014
Be careful not to use credit cards as an emergency fund.
(Photo: Martin Meissner, AP)
499 CONNECT 69 TWEET 32 LINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE
No one likes to think about falling victim to a major emergency, but we all know that misfortune could strike at any time. It's important to be prepared, and that means saving up an emergency fund of three to six months of living expenses.
Some people ignore this advice, reasoning that their credit cards will take care of hardships that might pop up. If you're one of them, be aware there are at least five good reasons you shouldn't use your credit card as an emergency fund. Take a look:
1. The interest rate is sky high
The most obvious reason you should avoid using a credit card as an emergency fund is the interest you'll end up paying on your balance. If a really expensive situation arises – say, a blown transmission – and you can't afford to pay it out of your monthly cash flow, you'll end up carrying the balance over to the next month. Since most credit cards charge double-digit interest rates, this could get expensive fast.
Keeping a little cash in the bank to use for these types of events is definitely a more cost-effective option.
2. Your issuer could cancel your card
If you keep an extra credit card on-hand for emergencies, but don't use it otherwise, you probably think you're making a wise choice. However, if this is your only financial lifeline for dealing with unexpected expenses, you might be in for a nasty surprise.
It's common for credit card issuers to cancel plastic when a customer isn't using it regularly. What's more, no advanced notice of a cancellation is required by the CARD Act of 2009 when it's due to user inactivity. This means you could be stuck without funds when you need them most.
3. Credit isn't always accepted
In a world where swiping a card for a 50-cent pack of gum is commonplace, it's hard to imagine a circumstance where credit isn't accepted. But sometimes plastic isn't welcome, and this could come at a very inconvenient (or scary) moment.
For example, if you're having an emergency repair done on your home, don't be surprised if the contractor you're working with won't accept a credit card. Many work independently and don't want to incur the additional costs that come with taking plastic. Consequently, if you don't have the cash stashed in a bank account to cover the repair, you might be in for trouble.
4. You could ruin your chances of getting credit in the future
Let's assume for a moment that you are able to use a credit card to cover an expensive emergency. Although you might be breathing a sigh of relief, the consequences of using credit over savings could cause you to suck it right back in.
If you maxed out a credit card (or two) to cope with the catastrophe, you should expect your credit score to drop substantially. This is because you've significantly increased your credit utilization ratio, which is the amount you owe on your credit cards compared with their credit limits. As a result, the 30% of your FICO credit score determined by amounts owed will take a big hit. This is fixable but could make getting credit difficult or very expensive in the future.
5. Eventually, the credit will run out
Life is full of curveballs, and some are very, very big. If you're leaning on your credit card to get you out of a jam, there's no telling how expensive that jam could get. Eventually, your line of credit will run out – at that point, you'll be out of options for resolving whatever crisis you're dealing with.
Of course, savings can run out, too. But having a robust emergency fund will buy you some time to explore other alternatives, such as taking out a personal loan or borrowing money from family. Obviously, these are last resorts, but at least they're options on the table. If you burn through your credit limit and fry your credit score in the process, you'll have a much tougher time finding additional help.
For these reasons and more, it definitely pays to save. Start putting a little aside today, because you never know what could happen tomorrow.

Iraq investigating IS chief s fate after air...You are here: Home > Collections > Coalition
Iraq investigating IS chief's fate after air strikes
AFP Nov 9, 2014, 04.23PM IST
Tags:
Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi
("Until now, there is no accurate…)
BAGHDAD: Iraq was on Sunday investigating whether Islamic State jihadist group chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was killed in air strikes by US-led coalition warplanes targeting the group's leaders.
The death of the elusive Baghdadi would be a major victory for the coalition of countries carrying out air strikes against IS and aiding Iraqi forces fighting to regain large areas of Iraq that the jihadists have overrun.
The announcement of the strikes came after President Barack Obama unveiled plans to send up to 1,500 more US troops to Iraq to advise and train the country's forces, deepening Washington's commitment to the open-ended war against IS.
"Until now, there is no accurate information available," a senior Iraqi intelligence official said when asked about whether Baghdadi had been killed.
"The information is from unofficial sources and was not confirmed until now, and we are working on that," the official said without specifying what the initial reports indicated.
US Central Command, which oversees American forces in the Middle East, on Saturday said that coalition aircraft conducted a "series of air strikes" against "a gathering of (IS) leaders near Mosul".
"We cannot confirm if (IS) leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was among those present," said Centcom spokesman Patrick Ryder.
The US-led strikes late Friday were a further sign of "the pressure we continue to place on the ISIL terrorist network," he said, using another acronym for the Islamic State group.
The aim was to squeeze the group and ensure it had "increasingly limited freedom to manoeuvre, communicate and command".
"I can't absolutely confirm that Baghdadi has been killed," General Nicholas Houghton, the chief of staff of the British armed forces, told BBC television on Sunday. "Probably it will take some days to have absolute confirmation."
Washington has offered a $10 million reward for his capture, and some analysts say he is increasingly seen as more powerful than Al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri.
The Iraqi government responded Saturday to announcements from the US and other countries that trainers would be sent to the country, saying in a statement that: "This step is a little late, but we welcome it."
The government had requested that members of the international coalition help train and arm its forces, the statement said.
"The coalition agreed on that and four to five Iraqi training camps were selected, and building on that, they have now begun sending the trainers," it said.
The new troops announced by Obama would roughly double the number of American military personnel in the country to roughly 3,100.
Multiple Iraqi army divisions collapsed in the early days of the jihadist northern offensive, leaving major units that need to be reconstituted.
Obama had resisted keeping US troops in Iraq earlier in his term, vowing to end the American presence that began with the 2003 invasion and lasted until 2011.
Talks with the Iraqi government, led by then prime minister Nuri al-Maliki, to leave behind a residual US force broke down over the issue of legal immunity.
With Friday's announcement, Obama will be deploying a force to Iraq along the lines of that considered in 2011, under legal protections similar to those it rejected as insufficient three years ago.
The fight to regain ground from IS will take a heavy toll on the predominantly Sunni areas in Iraq that the group now holds.
In Jurf al-Sakhr, an area south of Baghdad that has been retaken from the jihadists, the conflict left houses burned, buildings and roads rigged with bombs and dozens upon dozens of once-soaring palm trees felled.
Highlighting the enormous security challenges Iraq faces, a wave of car bombs struck Shiite-majority areas of Baghdad on Saturday, killing at least 37 people.
Baghdad is hit by near-daily bombings and shootings, some of which have been claimed by IS, which, like other Sunni extremist groups, considers Shiites heretics.
In neighbouring Syria, regime air strikes on a town held by IS killed 21 civilians and wounded 100, a monitoring group said on Sunday.
Aircraft dropped seven barrel bombs and other explosives late Saturday on the IS-held town of Al-Bab northeast of the city of Aleppo, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vistara defers third plane delivery due to p...Vistara defers third plane delivery as DGCA defers permit
PTI Nov 9, 2014, 04.07PM IST
Tags:
DGCA
(Vistara, in which the Tata…)
MUMBAI: Vistara, the proposed full-service carrier from Tata-Singapore Airlines joint venture, has deferred the delivery of its third aircraft as it is yet to receive the scheduled operator permit from aviation regulator DGCA , according to sources.
The New Delhi-based Vistara, in which the Tata Group holds 51 per cent stake and Singapore Airlines the remaining, had inducted two aircraft (Airbus 320s) in the fleet last month.
"Vistara was scheduled to take the delivery of the third aircraft last month. However, it has put off induction for the time as it has still not received the flying licence," an industry source said.
When contacted, a Vistara spokesperson said in a statement: "We have already received the first two aircraft as per the schedule. However, we have adjusted the induction of our next aircraft keeping in mind the delay in the approval process."
The airline had applied to the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) for the scheduled operator permit (SOP) in April and had planned to launch the services in September.
Vistara has plans to increase its fleet to 20 aircraft, including the latest A-320 Neos, by the end of the fourth year of its operations. The airline also has plans to keep the fleet size to five aircraft by next March.
The airline is also facing legal hurdles because the previous UPA government's decision to approve the joint venture has been challenged in the Delhi High Court saying the 49 per cent FDI rule in aviation does not allow a new airline with FDI, but only to existing airlines. The court is yet to pronounce its view on the petition.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Now  Pay Rs 20 for More Than 3 ATM Uses at SBI  HDFC Bank  AxisYou are here: Home Corporates
Now, Pay Rs 20 for More Than 3 ATM Uses at SBI, HDFC Bank, Axis Bank
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 09, 2014 16:09 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Mumbai: Banking consumers will have to pay more if they are prolific with ATM transactions as State Bank of India (SBI) and its private sector peers HDFC Bank and Axis Bank have capped the free usage in six metros at three.
The capping and additional fees on excess usage come following a recent circular by the Reserve Bank of India allowing banks to limit the number of free ATM transactions to five - three in the largest six cities and two elsewhere - a month.
Under the new norms, which have been accepted by the RBI, a customer can make three free ATM transactions in the six largest cities at own-bank machines and two elsewhere.
The new limits and rates by SBI, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank will be applicable to transactions done in Mumbai, New Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Bangalore and Hyderabad.
SBI, which had reported a loss of nearly Rs 400 crore by way of paying other banks as interbank ATM usage in FY14, was first to cap free ATM transactions at three and impose fees of Rs 20 per subsequent transaction. Since November 1, the new norms are effective at India's largest lender, SBI.
However, the bank has allowed more free ATM transactions to those who avoid visiting its branches, and unlimited transactions for those with large balances.
The second and the third largest private sector players - HDFC Bank and Axis Bank, respectively - have also followed suit and said effective December 1, they will also be charging Rs 20 per transaction above five a month.
While HDFC Bank will charge Rs 20 for cash withdrawals and Rs 8.5 (excluding taxes) for balance enquiry, mini statement, etc., Axis Bank will also charge Rs 20 and taxes for financial transactions and Rs 9.5 for non-financial ones.
At third-party ATMs, HDFC Bank and Axis Bank will charge for more than three transactions, down from the earlier five free transactions, the banks said in separate customer notifications.
Axis Bank, which with a little over 12,000 ATMs, however, is offering 10 free transactions for its Prime Plus savings account and Prime salary account holders.
But both these account holders need to have a minimum opening balance of Rs 1 lakh and they can have first five free transactions at non-home bank ATMs.
SBI has been from November 1 charging for more than own-ATM withdrawals a month at accounts having less than Rs 25,000 in monthly balance. For accounts with over Rs 25,000 and above in balance, however, there is no limit at its own ATM network. But, their access to third-party ATMs is capped at three a month.
Those who exceed the limit will pay Rs 5 per transaction at its ATMs and Rs 20 at machines belonging to other banks. The bank is charging Rs 8 for each non-financial transaction above the cap.
The lender has also raised the number of free usage on its home network from five to nine, if a customer does not visit a branch during the month.
For those who maintain average balances of over Rs 1 lakh, SBI is providing unlimited access to all ATMs. However, those with less than Rs 25,000 balances are charged above five transactions on its ATMs and three at third-party machines.
As per latest data from the RBI, at the end of June quarter there were 1,66,894 ATMs in the country and with 44,929 machines, SBI is way ahead of its nearest rival Axis Bank by more than three times or over 27 per cent of the market.
SBI has 12.59 crore cardholders and accounts for 31 per cent of the 40.9 crore debit cards in the country and its cardholders are responsible for over 41 per cent of all ATM transactions.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 14:34 (IST)

India s E-Commerce Market to Reach $20 Billion by 2015: Motilal OswalGovernment May Make PAN Must for Registering Charitable Trusts
New Delhi: Indian e-commerce market is expected to grow 37 per cent to reach $20 billion by next year on the back of growing internet population and increased online shoppers, Motilal Oswal Securities said in a report.
"E-commerce in India is a $11 billion market, and is estimated to reach $20 billion by 2015, growing at a CAGR of 37 per cent over 2013-15," the research firm said in its report.
It also said there are multiple enablers for this growth including an increase in the number of internet users and a raised proportion of online shoppers within those users, growth in the per-shopper transaction value and continued flow of capital by willing investors.
Currently, online travel dominates the e-commerce market but in the future, e-tailing will drive the growth, the report said.
Online travel constituted 71 per cent of the e-commerce market in India, followed by e-tailing (16 per cent). Travel has grown at a CAGR of 32 per cent over 2009-13.
"However, going forward, e-tailing will be the biggest growth driver, with expected CAGR of over 60 per cent to $7 billion in 2016 from $1.7 billion in 2013. Within e-tailing, fashion is likely to be the driving segment," it said.
Fashion was $559 million in 2013, and estimates peg the growth in fashion e-tailing to anywhere between $3 billion and $6 billion by 2016.
The research firm said heavy discount on online sales is a direct reflection of the industry's competitive intensity.
"The amount of money raised by Flipkart, lately Snapdeal, and that committed by Amazon is all yet to be invested, indicating that we may not be anywhere near the end of round-the-clock discount seasons at online stores."
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 14:35 (IST)

Do you see the Nifty topping 9000 by end of DecemberCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

A warming trend in store before temperatures take the plungeBy Brian Jackson November 9
Today’s Daily Digit
A somewhat subjective rating of the day’s weather, on a scale of 0 to 10.
6
Slightly better than average with cool temps, but a few degrees warmer than Saturday. Embrace the fall-ish-ness!
Express Forecast
Today: Partly to mostly sunny. Highs: Mid-to-upper 50s.
Tonight: Clear and cool. Lows: Mid-30s to low 40s.
Tomorrow: Mostly sunny and milder. Highs: Near 60 to low 60s.
FORECAST IN DETAIL
What will go down, must first go up. So ahead of the much-anticipated late-week Arctic blast, we find ourselves with rising temperatures and partly to mostly sunny skies. The warmest day of the week looks to coincide nicely with the Veterans Day holiday, before a cold front moves through Wednesday and sends temperatures tumbling for Thursday into the weekend. There’s even a non-zero chance of the S-word late in the week!
Temperature Map
Temperatures: Latest D.C. area temperature map. See interactive map on our Weather Wall .
Today (Sunday): Any early-morning cloud cover should give way to partly to mostly sunny skies through the balance of the day. That should help afternoon highs squeak out an extra few degrees over Saturday, with highs in the mid-to-upper 50s, even after the weak cold front that passed through overnight. The only real impact of the front is a switch to winds from the northwest (at 5-10 mph) versus yesterday’s breeze from the south. Confidence : High
Tonight: It’s a fairly typical November evening as temperatures fall toward and eventually into the 40s. With mostly clear skies and light to calm winds, overnight lows drop into the mid-30s to low 40s for most, with frost possible in the outer suburbs. Confidence:  High
For related traffic news, check out Dr. Gridlock . Keep reading for the forecast through the work week…
Tomorrow (Monday): As we head back to work tomorrow, high pressure sets up along the East Coast and brings us some continued pleasant conditions. Skies are mostly sunny, winds are light from the south-southeast, and temperatures return to near normal, with highs near 60 to the low 60s. Confidence:  High
Tomorrow night: With the moderating air mass, the evening and overnight fare a bit milder than recent nights. Still, bring along a jacket if you’re going to be out. Skies are clear and temperatures drop to near 40 to the mid-40s. Confidence: High
A partly cloudy Capitol on Nov. 7 (Ian Livingston)
A LOOK AHEAD
If you happen to be off for Veterans Day, get out and enjoy it. Certainly the pick of the week weather-wise, it features plenty more sun and temperatures approaching t-shirt levels with highs well into the 60s. Heading out to the Concert for Valor ? We remain tranquil through the evening as readings retreat toward and into the 50s. Skies turn partly cloudy overnight with lows in the 40s. Confidence:  Medium-High
The cold surge approaches the area on Wednesday. Ahead of it, mostly sunny skies should prevail as highs top out in the upper 50s to mid-60s. As of now, it looks like the cold front comes through later in the day (though this timing could change). It may become breezy as the front comes through, followed by a colder Wednesday night with lows in the 30s area-wide. Confidence:  Medium
Cold takes over for Thursday into the weekend, with highs likely only in the 40s. We’re still tracking that chance of show showers Thursday into Friday, which would only add to the wintry feel. Confidence: Medium

Massage therapy -- from arthritis to migraines  there s a plan for relief0
Some therapists work on contract for chiropractors, treating a certain number of clients per week. Those at day spas see clients for 60- to 90-minute sessions. Self-employed MTs treat clients in an office, at the client's home, or in the therapist's home. Universal Spa Training Academy grads have found jobs in health care facilities, hotels and spas, doctor's offices, even aboard cruise ships, Tyler said.
"Massage therapy is a good career for people who like to work for themselves and have flexible hours," she noted. "Also, all of your clients are happy to see you and so appreciative of your skills."
Once licensed, therapists stay current on advancements in the field through continuing education. Reading trade journals and new massage textbooks is also important, as new discoveries are continually being made, Muskovin said.
"You can learn the basics in (about) a year. You'll spend the rest of your career trying to master the details."
Massage therapy isn't just a luxury, Tyler said. It can reduce muscle stiffness and inflammation and improve circulation. It's also good for people with sore muscles, arthritis, high blood pressure, stress and anxiety. Stress is at the root of many illnesses, Muskovin said.
Therapists can also learn specialized procedures to address fertility issues, digestive problems, breathing restrictions, headaches, tendinitis, joint dislocation and posture issues.
The job comes with challenges. Massage therapists must make clients feel safe and secure enough to be touched. Clients who have unanswered questions or don't feel comfortable may not be satisfied with treatment, Muskovin said.
Because the work is physical, therapists must stay fit to avoid self-injury. They must also manage their time well to accomplish everything agreed upon within each session, and maintain relationship boundaries, with both parties respecting each other's privacy.
Nicole Boeger, owner and founder of Radiant Life Massage Therapy, Naperville, said some male therapists have a difficult time starting out. Many men and women are more comfortable with a female therapist. However, some men question the strength of female therapists when it comes to providing effective deep tissue massage, Boeger said.
Massage therapy can be highly gratifying.
After a Swedish massage session, an 82-year-old woman once told Boeger she'd been to spas across the country, but that Boeger was by far the best therapist she'd ever had.
"Nothing can beat the feeling of accomplishment more than that. It's at that point I know I'm doing something right," Boeger said. "I live for those moments to help people feel radiant."
Demand up as more people learn benefits
A massage therapist's job involves using touch to treat clients' injuries and enhance wellness. Treatment involves working the soft tissues of the body to relieve pain, help rehabilitate patients from injuries, improve circulation, ease stress and promote relaxation.
According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, there were 132,800 people working as massage therapists in 2012. On the job, MTs typically talk with clients about their symptoms, medical history and desired results. They evaluate each patient to find painful, tense areas of the body; manipulate muscles or other soft tissues; provide guidance on stretching, strengthening and improving posture; and document clients' condition and progress.
MTs can specialize in several different types of massage. Swedish massage -- the most commonly thought of massage -- uses five stroking styles. Deep-tissue massage is more vigorous and often helpful for those with injuries. Sports massage promotes flexibility, reduces fatigue, improves endurance, helps prevent injuries and prepares the body and mind for optimal performance. The type of massage used depends on a client's needs and physical condition.
Educational requirements vary from state to state. Training is available in private or public postsecondary schools. In Illinois, a massage therapist must complete at least 600 hours of training at an approved school. At Tyler's academy, students can complete the program in about nine months.
"Most states regulate massage therapy and require massage therapist to have a license or certification," the BLS notes. Candidates must also undergo a background check, be fingerprinted and pass a national board test.
Many local schools offer massage training, including Universal Spa Training Academy, Downers Grove, and the Cortiva Institute, Pacific College of Oriental Medicine and the Soma Institute, all in Chicago. For a full list, visit http://www.massageschool.org/search/illinois/chicago.html .
A high school diploma or equivalent is usually required for admission. Massage therapy programs typically include both classroom training and hands-on practice, covering topics such as anatomy, physiology (the study of organs and tissues), kinesiology (the study of motion and body mechanics), pathology (the study of disease), business management and ethics.
Most massage therapy schools have a student clinic open to the public at a reduced rate so students can get experience.
According to the BLS, in 2012, 44 states and Washington, D.C., regulated massage therapy. Not all states license massage therapists, but there may be regulations at the local level. In states with massage therapy regulations, workers must be licensed or certified after completing an approved program.
In May 2012, the median annual wage for massage therapists was $35,970, the BLS said. Most earn a combination of wages and tips. Most work part-time (only about 1 in 3 worked full-time in 2012). Most work by appointment, so schedules and work hours vary widely.
Employment is projected to grow 23 percent by 2022, the BLS reports. As more states adopt licensing requirements for therapists, massage is likely to become more accepted as a legitimate therapy to treat pain and improve wellness. Also, as more health care providers understand the benefits of massage, demand likely will increase as massage becomes part of treatment.
(C) 2014 Tribune Content Agency, LLC

Osborne wins more time to pay EU billGeorge Osborne wins reprieve on €2.1bn EU bill
Peter Spiegel in Brussels and Jim Pickard in Helsinki
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d5cf6594-667d-11e4-9c0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Inflation  Factory Output Data  Cabinet Rejig Key: ExpertsGold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
New Delhi: Inflation data for October, industrial output numbers for September, quarterly earnings of blue-chips such as Tata Motors, ONGC and State Bank of India (SBI), and the first reshuffle of the Union Cabinet would dictate the stock markets trend this week, say experts.
Besides, overseas investments and movement of the rupee against the dollar would be crucial for markets.
"Movement of index in near-term will depend on upcoming IIP, CPI & WPI data and second quarter results of important companies," said Vivek Gupta, CMT-director research at CapitalVia Global Research Limited.
Several blue-chips are slated to announce their earnings this week, including Tata Steel, Cipla, Tata Power, DLF, Hindalco Industries, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, Tata Motors, Bharat Heavy Electricals, ONGC and SBI.
Industrial production data for September would come out on Wednesday.
Retail inflation, based on Consumer Price Index (CPI), for October would also come on Wednesday, while headline inflation data would be announced on Friday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday expanded his Council of Ministers, a move that was hailed by the industry as a further step towards faster reforms. ( Read more )
The benchmark BSE Sensex concluded the week at 27,868.63, showing a marginal gain of just 2.8 points.
"We expect the markets to gain medium-term support from 7,900-7,950 levels. FII flows are pretty strong in the past fortnight and their trend in the coming sessions, coupled with global cues, shall guide the market direction from this point," said Rakesh Goyal, senior vice president at Bonanza Portfolio.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 16:57 (IST)

 Cabinet Expansion to Speed Up Decision Making: IndustryMore Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: Industry chambers welcomed the Cabinet expansion on Sunday saying the development signals a serious intent on the part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for faster decision making process and kicking in reforms.
"The induction of new (Cabinet) ministers and ministers of state would streamline governance and bring in new ideas for the economic reforms process," said Ajay Shriram, president of the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
Several of the ministries were under a single minister, and industry was widely expecting the expansion of the Cabinet at an early date, he said.
"The Cabinet expansion sends out a strong signal that the government under Prime Minister Narendra Modi is serious about accelerating the reforms process."
It is important to fast-track facilitative and promotional policies to strengthen the economy which is undergoing a recovery process, he added
Another industry body Assocham said the expansion of the Cabinet would surely add new vitality to the government.
"The fact that some of the key portfolios will now have full time Cabinet minister in-charge will provide speed to the decision making in important sectors of the economy," it said in a statement.
"Besides, induction of some leaders in the Cabinet, who enjoy clean image and are known for efficient functioning, has also sent a signal about the non-compromising attitude of the Prime Minister when it comes to these attributes," it added.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 16:47 (IST)

Akshay and Lisa at  The Shaukeens  special screeningCelebrity
Akshay Kumar And Lisa Haydon At The Shaukeen Special Screening
The Shaukeens Press Meet held on November 6th, 2014 saw the entire star cast along with Akshay Kumar present at the event, which was held in PVR Cinemas,Mumbai.  It was a star-studded affair as many celebrities had come to grace the screening of the movie. Shaukeen is the remake of the 1982 classic movie and it revolves around three old men played by Anupam Kher, Piyush Mishra and Annu Kapoor, who turn each other’s rival to impress a young beautiful woman, played by Lisa Haydon.  The movie also has Akshay Kumar in a special appearance; he is portraying himself in the movie.

Despite Modi invite  Sonia  Manmohan absent at Cabinet oath-takingLetters to  the editor
Congress today kept away from the oath-taking ceremony of 21 new ministers in Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Council of Ministers here.
“Both Sonia Gandhi and Manmohan Singh were invited to the ceremony,” Power Minister Piyush Goyal said after the swearing-in ceremony here.
Asked if there was any communication from the Congress on whether they will attend the ceremony or not, Goyal did not give any details.
However, it was not clear whether any other Congress leader, apart from Gandhi and Singh, were invited for the ceremony.
Samajwadi Party’s Ram Gopal Yadav was the lone Opposition leader present at Modi’s Cabinet expansion exercise.
With today’s expansion, the number of ministers in the Modi Cabinet has gone up to 66. A total of 21 Ministers were inducted today including four of Cabinet rank and three Ministers of State with Independent charge.
TAGS: Cabinet Reshuffle Manmohan Singh Narendra Modi Sonia Gandhi
More from miscellaneous
Hat-trick and 400th Barcelona FC goal for Lionel Messi Messi scored yet another hat-trick and surpassed 400 club goals as Barcelona came from behind to win the Catalan derby 5-1 against Espanyol in La Liga on Sunday. The Argentine, who holds the La Liga and Champions League scoring records, produced a now familiar devastating performance to take his record to 402 goals for Barca […]

Izabella Kaminska: Real estates deadly secretsReal estate’s deadly secrets
Izabella Kaminska
Why you may struggle to unearth the devil in the detail when you find your perfect property
You know the story. You’re on the hunt for a new home in a seller’s market, failing to discover anything within your budget parameters unless you compromise on either quality or location. But you’re not prepared to make such sacrifices. You know that if you persevere, the right house will show up eventually (or at least you hope it will).
The only problem is that by now you know you’ve begun to exhaust the patience of the estate agent network you depend on for new listings. Chances are any minute they’re going to classify you a nuisance time-waster and never bring anything good to your attention again.
More
The battle to stay in the city-living race
And then it happens. As if by magic, finally, you stumble on that rare gem – a new listing that seems to tick all the boxes. OK, so what’s wrong with it? You wonder because, let’s face it, such obvious outliers simply don’t pop up by accident. As your mother told you, ‘If you pay peanuts, you get monkeys’.
Nevertheless, on the off-chance you have discovered that rare thing, a “bargain” in the Chiswick area, you head off optimistically to the viewing.
When you arrive you can’t believe your eyes. You’ve found it. It’s the home you’ve been looking for forever. Not only is it within your budget, it satisfies your every want and the good price is all down to the seller being in “distress” – namely, “needing cash pronto”.
©Shonagh Rae
And, well, because you know that if you snooze you lose (and it’s not like you haven’t been caught out on the gazumping front before) you do the unthinkable: you make an offer right there and then.
Before you know it, your bid’s been accepted and you’re rushing towards the exchange. All you’ve got to worry about are surveys. But you’re in luck, they come up clean. Joy!
Three months later you’re all moved in and enjoying your new abode when out of the blue a letter arrives from the local authorities explaining that “the council this week issued formal planning permission for the new community stadium” just on your doorstep. “What the hell?”
Yup. It’s a massive oversight. You’ve just bought a residence right next door to a soon-to-be constructed 20,000-seater stadium. So how on earth did you and your lawyer miss this?
Well, sadly, because there’s no obligation for this sort of information to be disclosed in the buying process.
Wouldn’t you want to know if the previous owners had been running a brothel or a meth lab?
As it stands, searches don’t have to reveal any information on nearby properties or planned private developments at all.
They pertain only to generic public work such as road or urban renewal, or commercial centre developments. In fact, unless you know to ask the seller or the estate agent specifically about private developments, they’re not obliged to offer the information up at all. But it could be worse.
Until recently, estate agents were not obliged to disclose information about any external factors that may affect the property being marketed, such as train lines, flood plains or flight paths. At least, not unless they were specifically asked about such matters.
This changed last year with the repeal of the Property Misdescriptions Act, which shifted the industry to the oversight of the Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading Act in October 2013. From now on agents are obliged to provide all the price-sensitive information they have on a property to prospective buyers.
Unfortunately, there’s still a blurry line on what constitutes price-sensitive information. Most of the time it’s understood to mean factors that materially alter the residential experience. Which, as you can imagine, doesn’t necessarily give you much chance of discovering a property’s murky or spooky history.
Wouldn’t you want to know if a murder had taken place in the house you’re about to buy? Or, alternatively, if the previous owners had been running a brothel or a meth lab on the premises? How about if it’s simply the fact that the previous owners were convinced that the house was haunted?
Unfortunately, as yet, there is no system to help the prospective buyer acquire that sort of information.
And, we dare say, it’s not a whimsical concern either. The truth is that we as people are a superstitious bunch who happily ascribe essentialist values to all sorts of inanimate objects.
We know this precisely because every estate agent in the world would happily publicise a respected author, politician or playwright once having lived in a property they are marketing. It makes sense because there’s value to be exploited. But it’s also true that publicising a property as “Jimmy Savile’s former residence” would do the exact opposite.
Which is why the real estate agent’s best strategy would be to try to obscure this information or market the property to a foreign buyer unfamiliar with the local concerns.
On that basis, when a friend of mine was recently offered a “killer” deal on a property in and around one of Italy’s great lakes, we did have to wonder, what exactly might be buried in the land he is acquiring? But, then, how would you find out that sort of thing?
Izabella Kaminska is a reporter on FT Alphaville
Illustration by Shonagh Rae
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Dizzy heights: six mountain dwellings© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5326969e-6033-11e4-88d1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reinhold Messners museums in the AlpsNovember 7, 2014 3:38 pm
Reinhold Messner’s legacy project – six museums in the Alps
Mick Conefrey
The Italian mountaineer’s vast project is a way of both sharing his passion for climbing and mountain life and boosting the economy of the region
©Zaha Hadid Architects
CGI of the Messner Mountain Museum at Plan de Corones in the South Tyrol in northern Italy
High up in the Alps of the South Tyrol in northern Italy, there is a remarkable architectural project: a set of six museums dedicated to mountain culture. Four are in renovated historic buildings, one is purpose-built and the last is under construction. This has been designed by Zaha Hadid Associates and is set to become one of the most distinctive new buildings in the Alps. Reinhold Messner , the Italian mountaineer behind the museums, is thrilled by what Hadid has done. “She has created a work of art.”
For Messner, a longtime collector of books and memorabilia, the museums are a legacy project, a way of both sharing his passion for climbing and mountain life and boosting the economy of the region. In his earlier career he climbed some of the world’s biggest mountains so the scale of this venture comes as no surprise.
More
The FT’s Christmas carol by Roderick Williams
Yet his first foray into museums was rather different. The Museum of Alpine Curiosities opened in 1993 in a small hut near to Mount Ortles. A former climbers’ refuge, known to locals as “the fleapit”, it is a typical piece of vernacular architecture, the kind of stone hut that you see all over the Alps.
Then, in the early 1980s, Messner bought a derelict fortress, Castel Juval, dating to the late 13th century and located in the Vinschgau valley, aiming to create a family home. But after years spent renovating the castle he realised that he only stayed there in the summer so decided to turn it into a museum for the remainder of the year. Adapting a large historic building was not so easy.
“Museums need toilets, fire escapes and ticket booths,” says Messner. “The problem was that I had already converted Juval into a private residence, so it was hard to remake it as a public space.”
In spite of the problems, the success of Juval as a tourist attraction convinced Messner that he could gradually expand his museum project. Over the next two decades he moved into two more historic buildings – a first world war fort at Monte Rite, and Castel Bruneck close to the Austrian border. Ownership of the buildings remained with local government while Messner financed and ran the museum operation as a private venture.
His principal focus, though, was an ambitious scheme to renovate one of the most famous buildings in South Tyrol: Castel Sigmundskron, a huge rambling complex of fortifications and soaring towers with walls five metres thick. This, he decided, would be the central museum, with the others as satellites around it. Each would have its own particular theme ranging from religion and mountain mythology at Castel Juval to the history of the Dolomites at Monte Rite. Sigmundskron would be the base camp, introducing visitors to the history of mountaineering and hosting temporary exhibitions.
©Werner Tscholl
Castle Sigmundskron
It took several years and a lot of negotiations with the regional government before work began. Though he’s proud that all his museums run without public funding, the conversion of Sigmundskron and the other buildings cost an estimated €30m, which was split between Messner and the province of South Tyrol. At the time, there was some opposition to spending such a large amount of public money, but Messner was a shrewd and tenacious campaigner, and as South Tyrol’s former MEP and by far its most famous son, had the contacts and the charisma to get his way eventually.
To help him achieve his architectural vision for Sigmundskron, Messner turned to Werner Tscholl, an architect from Bolzano. “The main problem for me,” says Tscholl, “was the sheer scale of the castle and my desire to minimise the impact on this ancient building.”
The challenge with Sigmundskron and all the castles and forts was to turn buildings designed to keep invaders out into museums that would pull in tourists, while complying with stringent rules about what could and could not be done to historic property.
Old man of the mountain
Reinhold Messner won international fame when he and Peter Habeler made the first ascent of Mount Everest without supplementary oxygen in 1978. He went on to become the first man to climb all 14 of the 8,000m peaks and returned to Everest to make the first solo ascent. Between 1999 and 2004 he served as an MEP for Italy’s Green party. He has written over 63 books and spent much of his time on his museums.
“I didn’t actually rebuild anything,” he says, “or change the architecture of the castle. All the new elements – spiral staircases inside the towers, walkways along the castle walls, the floors and ceilings of the gallery spaces – were designed to be removable. We made them from black steel, everything was screwed in, nothing welded, so that at some point in the future it can all be removed. We deliberately left the metal untreated, so the exterior elements would rust and blend into the castle walls.”
Work finished in 2006. “Just before it opened,” says Tscholl, “someone asked me, ‘When are you going to start?’ I took it as a compliment. Good architecture is by its nature adaptable for different purposes. These castles were built for war, but a thousand years later they work as museums.”
In the three years that it took for Tscholl to finish the “mother” museum, Messner commissioned another satellite, near the Ortles glacier. It was his first purpose-built structure, located on land that he owned and its style was entirely different. “For me this landscape is holy. I didn’t want a single cubic metre above ground,” says Messner. A local architect, Arnold Gapp, designed a subterranean chamber that was excavated into a low hill.
Apart from a discreet entrance, the only element visible on the outside is a narrow strip of glass cut into the hillside above. “The museum at Ortles is dedicated to the world of ice so we wanted visitors to feel like they were inside a glacier,” says Messner. “The window at the top is like a crevasse, a break in the ice that allows the light to come in.”
For the sixth and final mountain museum, currently under construction at Plan de Corones, Hadid has taken an even bolder approach, creating a building that is both within and without the mountainside. Her company already has a record for innovative Alpine architecture with four futuristic train stations in nearby Innsbruck as well as the soaring Bergisel ski jump.
©MMM
Messner Mountain Museum at Firmian designed by Paolo Zanzi
The latest venture has been commissioned and financed by Skirama, the company that owns the ski infrastructure in Plan de Corones; as with the other museums Messner will be in charge of all the day-to-day operations.
“We have always enjoyed the challenge of working in extreme environments,” says Patrik Schumacher, Hadid’s principle collaborator on the new building. “Opportunities like this don’t come up very often.”
In Hadid and Schumacher’s design, most of the museum space is underground but the layout is much more sophisticated than at Ortles. After passing through a raw concrete entrance, a long curved walkway takes visitors into the heart of the museum. There’s no attempt to follow the traditional rules of symmetry and proportion. At the bottom there are three large balconies, offering panoramic views of the surrounding mountains.
Messner wholeheartedly approves, though he admits that he was worried initially about displaying artwork and artefacts on such irregular surfaces. “I like the fact that it is so hidden, that it doesn’t destroy the landscape but works with it,” says Messner.
Schumacher is equally proud of what they have done. “It is obvious how castles dominate the landscape around them,” he says. “We wanted to have the same impact but to stake our claim in a different way, with the mystery and intrigue of the outside, the drama of the interior and then the sheer thrill of walking out on to those balconies with their amazing views.”
There’s a long tradition of modernist architecture in extreme locations. Frank Lloyd Wright’s Fallingwater in Pennsylvania, Villa Malaparte on the eastern tip of Capri, Richard Neutra’s dramatic Kaufmann House in Palm Springs are today revered as 20th-century classics. “There’s something exciting about working on slopes, designing buildings with cantilevered elements. Modernism has always loved the horizontal,” says Schumacher.
©MMM
Messner Mountain Museum at Juval Castle in Vinschgau
It is never easy though to work in mountainous areas. Construction costs are high, transport is difficult and the unpredictability of the weather can wreak havoc with schedules. This summer was one of the wettest in memory, with flooding and disruption all over northern Italy. The sixth museum was due to open this year to mark Messner’s 70th birthday, but though well under way current estimates are that it will not open until summer 2015.
For the industrious Messner, the delays are frustrating but a lifetime spent living and climbing in the world’s mountains has taught him patience. “Every week someone rings me up wanting to open a new Messner museum, but I’m not interested. This is my last one and I want to finish it, to give visitors somewhere that is quiet, tranquil, not aggressive, something that will promote calm and reflection.” Harking back to the 18th century, he quotes William Blake, the Romantic poet: “Great things are done when men and mountains meet.”
Photographs: Werner Tscholl; Zaha Hadid Architects; MMM; Getty Images
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

I worry that responsibility is going to weigh Wayne Rooney down  says RoyHodgsonRooney, who is closing in on Peter Shilton's record of 125 England appearances, was also handed the captaincy at Manchester United. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | London | Posted: November 9, 2014 5:59 pm
England manager Roy Hodgson hopes captain Wayne Rooney does not become weighed down by the responsibility of wearing the armband, but admits the pressure of the job could affect his performances.
The 29-year-old striker, who is expected to win his 100th cap against Slovenia next Saturday, replaced Steven Gerrard as skipper in August after the Liverpool midfielder retired from international duty following England’s poor World Cup showing.
Rooney has made a promising start in the job with England winning their first three Euro 2016 qualifying matches to top Group E by three points from Slovenia, but Hodgson warned it is too early to judge him as captain.
“I worry that the responsibility is going to weigh him down,” Hodgson told reporters. “We do all we can, myself and the coaching staff, to ensure that won’t happen with us.
“But it is all very well telling someone to leave your problems behind and don’t worry about them, to get on with your life; it is easy to say, but very hard to do sometimes.
Rooney, who is closing in on Peter Shilton’s record of 125 England appearances, was also handed the captaincy at Manchester United following Louis van Gaal’s arrival as manager and Hodgson is aware of the difficulties the striker faces as he tries to juggle the two roles.
“At the moment I think he’s coping with it well but we’ll have to keep an eye on the situation, as will Louis, to make sure it doesn’t weigh him down,” he said.
“I remember making the point fairly recently that he’s really taken on this job as captain with enormous seriousness.
“He’s studied and talked a lot with Steven Gerrard. He spends a lot of time with the younger players.
“Obviously, with me he’s very good. If there’s anything he thinks I should be made aware of, he makes me aware of it.”
Rooney is six goals behind Bobby Charlton’s England record of 49, but beating that mark is not top of the striker’s agenda according to Hodgson.
“I’m not certain Wayne Rooney is a person who goes to bed at night dreaming of a record,” he said.
“I believe he just wants to keep playing and do the best job he can for England for as long as possible.”

  Government to Lower Stake in PSU Banks to 52%More Steps to Rationalise Subsidies on Anvil: Arun Jaitley
New Delhi: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has said the government is planning to bring down its stake in public sector banks to 52 per cent so as to meet the capital requirement of Rs 3 lakh crore.
"We are also trying to bring down the governmental equity in the banks to about 52 per cent so that a large amount of capital, almost closing to Rs 3 lakh crore, can be introduced into banks itself, so that they have a lot more resources for financial inclusion," he said on Sunday.
In 2010, the then Cabinet had approved a proposal to keep the minimum shareholding of government to 58 per cent in the public sector banks in order to provide buffer for the future.
As per law, government holding at any moment must not come below 51 per cent to maintain the public sector character of PSU banks.
At present, government shareholding in various banks varies between 56.26 per cent (Bank of Baroda) and 88.63 per cent (Central Bank of India).
PSU banks require equity capital of Rs 2.4 lakh crore by 2018 to meet Basel III norms. For the current fiscal year, the government has allocated Rs 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation. It had infused Rs 58,600 crore between 2011 and 2014.
Mr Jaitley in the Budget speech had said that "to be in line with Basel-III norms, there is a requirement to infuse Rs 2,40,000 crore as equity by 2018 in our banks".
"To meet this huge capital requirement we need to raise additional resources to fulfil this obligation," he had said.
While preserving the public ownership, the capital of these banks will be raised by increasing the shareholding of the people in a phased manner through the sale of shares largely through retail to common citizens of this country, the minister had said.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 17:36 (IST)

Jet-Etihad Deal Gets Singapore Fair Trade Regulator ClearanceBuying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
Singapore: Clearing last of its regulatory hurdles, Jet Airways' commercial alliance with Abu Dhabi-based Etihad including a Rs 2,060-crore stake sale has received approval from the Competition Commission of Singapore.
While giving its long-pending clearance, Singapore's fair trade watchdog has ruled that the alliance "by its nature" has potential to adversely impact competition in the country, but "on the balance" the efficiencies from the deal outweighs the anti-competitive effect.
Over a year after the deal being announced in April 2013, the Singapore regulator announced in June this year that it has launched a public scrutiny of Jet-Etihad alliance to probe any possible violation of competition laws in the country.
The deal, which involved purchase of a 24 per cent stake in Naresh Goyal-led Jet for about Rs 2,060 crore by Etihad along with other tie-ups, went through turbulent times for months after being announced.
The deal finally got consummated late last year after clearance by various Indian regulators including Competition Commission of India and the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi).
However, the deal came under scanner of the Competition Commission of Singapore (CCS) as the alliance "relates to the provision of international air passenger transport services (and associated support services), with a specific focus on the Singapore origin and destination city pairs".
After a public scrutiny and pursuant to submissions made by various stakeholders on filings made by the two carriers, CCS has now given its go-ahead to the deal.
Incidentally, the CCS approval comes at a time when Jet Airways has reported a quarterly net profit on stand-alone basis for the first time since 2012, helped by a one-time income from sale of its loyalty programme to Etihad.
On consolidated basis also, Jet has managed to narrow its losses by about 96 per cent to Rs 43 crore in the quarter ended September 30, as against a whopping net loss of Rs 999 crore in the year-ago period.
Announcing its clearance, CCS said the alliance involves Jet and Etihad cooperating on route and schedule coordination, pricing, distribution and marketing, among other things.
CCS said that it examined the alliance in view of the markets for provision of international scheduled air passenger services and air freight services on the affected Singapore origin and destination city pairs.
"After reviewing submissions provided by the Parties and various stakeholders, CCS finds that the Proposed Commercial Alliance will, by its nature, have the object of preventing, restricting or distorting competition within Singapore."
"However, given that the Proposed Commercial Alliance has minimal adverse impact on competition in the Relevant Markets, CCS is satisfied that, on the balance, the efficiencies accrued from the Proposed Commercial Alliance outweighs the anti-competitive effect of the Proposed Commercial Alliance and therefore the Proposed Commercial Alliance is excluded from section 34 of the Act," it said in its 28-page order.
Under Singapore's competition laws, "an agreement will fall within the scope of Section 34 prohibition if it has as its object or effect the appreciable prevention, restriction or distortion of competition".
The decision to clear the deal was conveyed to Jet and Etihad on October 16, but it has been made public now after removing confidential information about the alliance.
Justifying its clearance, CCS said benefits that outweigh anti-competitive effect of this deal include "economic efficiencies achieved through joint operations and sharing of resources, as well as an expansion of Jet's existing network which will enable it to compete in the market segment of intercontinental travel and Europe-Singapore travel".
CCS is a statutory body in Singapore and it is mandated to investigate alleged anti-competitive activities, determine if such activities infringe the Act and impose suitable remedies, directions and financial penalties.
Abu Dhabi-based Etihad is the national airline of the United Arab Emirates and it operates to over 85 passenger and cargo destinations in over 50 countries. Jet is a leading airline in India, operating to over 50 domestic and 20 international destinations.
Jet has initiated a major restructuring drive including significant cost-cutting measures to attain profitability, while it has also begun tapping synergies from Etihad deal.
Struggling under high expenses and adverse operating conditions, Jet had posted its highest-ever annual loss of Rs 4,129 crore in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2014.
Forced to take tough measures, Jet has adopted a three-year business plan, which includes cleaning up of balance sheet, pruning of over-valued assets, cost restructuring and changes in service and fleet plans.
These decisions, as also the appointment of Australian national Cramer Ball as new CEO of Jet, were taken at a board meeting on May 27, which was attended for the first time by representatives of Etihad Airways.
Etihad's investments in Jet, totalling $750 million, comprises Rs 2,057.66 crore ($380 million) for a 24 per cent stake in the company, $70 million towards purchase of three slots at London Heathrow airport, $150 million to secure a 50.1 per cent stake in the JetPrivilege Frequent Flyer Programme and $150 million through HSBC.
Etihad has come in as "a long-term strategic investor and committed to supporting Jet as it re-engineers its business to achieve sustainable profitability".
After months of scrutiny, India's capital markets regulator - Sebi - had also ruled in May this year that Etihad does not have to make an open offer for Jet shareholders pursuant to the Rs 2,060-crore deal.
Sebi's long-running probe had centred on the contention whether Etihad was getting control despite purchasing only 24 per cent stake. After looking into various aspects, Sebi finally ruled that Etihad "has not acquired control over Jet".
The deal was incidentally restructured last year to address various "control" related and other concerns raised by Sebi and CCI.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 17:36 (IST)

Time to Stop Over-Dependence on  Fickle  Foreign Investors: Deepak ParekhGold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
Mumbai: Raising concerns about over-dependence of Indian capital markets on foreign institutional investors or FIIs, eminent banker Deepak Parekh has said that something needs to be done to change this pattern.
"There is too much dependence on foreign institutional investors (FIIs), and I think we have exported our capital markets abroad. We have to do something to change this pattern," Mr Parekh told a capital markets meet organised by the ISB here over the weekend.
"Who is really benefitting from our well regulated equity markets? It is not the Indians, it is not our institutions, it is not our labour, it is not our retirees, but the FIIs," said Mr Parekh, chairman of mortgage giant HDFC.
FIIs' stakes in Sensex companies hit an all-time high of over 27 per cent in June this year. Their holdings in the wider BSE 200 Index reached an all-time high at 24.5 per cent, according to Bank of America-Merrill Lynch's Jyotivardhan Jaipuria.
Incidentally, HDFC and its group firm HDFC Bank are among companies with very high FII holdings.
The companies where FIIs have exhausted their permissible investment limits include Axis Bank, HDFC Bank, IDFC, IndusInd Bank, Lupin, Maruti and Titan among others. The sectors where there is still some room comprise banks, cement, auto and consumer goods.
"We all know how fickle FIIs are. They move in and out of the markets effortlessly and there is a herd instinct. History is replete with examples of how sudden reversals in capital flows can cause extensive damage and volatility to a country's financial system," Mr Parekh said.
A vocal proponent of free market, Mr Parekh also crticised the government for using the divestment as a tool to "plug the fiscal deficit" and said state-run firms like LIC should not take holdings in other PSUs as part of the divestment programme.
He also expressed displeasure at no progress being made on the front as yet, saying bunching up of issues towards the end of the fiscal reduces market's absorption capacity.
He also said the government has been "hanging on senselessly" with equity in many public sector companies such as BSNL and Air India as private companies have done very well in their sectors.
Alleging that investigating arms of the government like the CAG or CVC have "little understanding of valuations", Mr Parekh also came out strongly over action taken against civil servants under whose leaderships such stake sales happen.
He further blamed the investment bankers and promoters for being greedy and commanding higher valuations in FY08, which saw a record initial public offerings and said that this behaviour has waned investor interest later.
"The cardinal rule is that one has to leave something on the table for investors, otherwise they will completely back out of such funding," he said, adding the number of issuances have been few even though we are in the midst of a bull-run in the market at present.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 17:36 (IST)

Cabinet expansion: 21 new ministers join PM Modi s team at Centre; Sena in the dugoutCrossing the line: Mamata takes the lead in use of foul language
A new kind of intimidation tactic has emerged in the political theatre of West Bengal, and this time the chief minister herself stands as the accused. Mamata Banerjee has led her party colleagues in hitting a new low of foul language use.
Sulemani Keeda review by Anupama Chopra: It's lovely but narrow
Sulemani Keeda means 'a bug so big that it’s a pain in the ass'. Or at least that’s how writer-director Amit V Masurkar describes his film’s title. The set-up and characters are promising but Sulemani Keeda never becomes more than the sum of its parts because it’s too thin.

http://usat.ly/1smQhOVFacebookEmail Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest
Test Drive Honda CR-V: Major updates, minor flair
Huge makeover. Many firsts. Passionate buyers.  Ho-hum. Test Drive appreciates all the remarkable features and technology that Honda's put into the 2015 CR-V, a compact crossover that's the best-selling SUV of
Post to Facebook
Test Drive Honda CR-V: Major updates, minor flair Huge makeover. Many firsts. Passionate buyers.  Ho-hum. Test Drive appreciates all the remarkable features and technology that Honda's put into the 2015 CR-V, a compact crossover that's the best-selling SUV of Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/1u46iPb
CancelSend
A link has been sent to your friend's email address.
Posted!
A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
33
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
Test Drive Honda CR-V: Major updates, minor flair
Video Keywords Honda's CRV Ford Mustang test vehicle delivery trucks USA today America
A few key disappointments undercut the package (Money, USA Today)
Video Transcript
Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate)
00:02  Honda's CRV is the best selling SUV in America and
00:06  then major updates for 2015. Will do nothing but pump that
00:09  up. I'm James. CRV is selling as fast as the delivery
00:16  trucks and get to the dealerships. It matched the hot new
00:19  Ford Mustang for flying off the lots in just six days
00:22  in October CRV sales roared ahead 30% in the month. That's
00:27  remarkable. A new high end model called touring is about 33000
00:33  bucks and that's the big news for 2015. It has a
00:37  package of safety features mean you'd probably have to work yet
00:40  to hit anything right in the touring. The 2015 models get
00:44  more insulation and more power nicer interior back seats that fold
00:48  so easily that every other car companies should instantly copy them.
00:51  It's just it's. It's great. But what I'm just knowledge ask
00:57  them about the car why. Three reasons. One the C army
01:02  has that kind of a cheap feel brittle Tinny sound when
01:05  you open or closed the doors for example. Makes no sense
01:08  on the engineering and construction are first rate but there haven't.
01:13  To. On that can't make it sensible infotainment and tell manic
01:17  system. In fact it is even trying as far as we
01:20  can tell because it thinks it's awkward set up is just
01:24  fine and three. Lousy gas mileage released on my test vehicle.
01:29  I mean anything miles per gallon it's rated well into the
01:32  twenties in that type of driving. And Honda says not possible.
01:36  Everybody gets me twice her right. My take nice machine that
01:41  marbled with disappointments. For more news and views on cars and
01:45  trucks go to the cars page on the money section and
01:49  a USA today dot com.
James R. Healey , USA TODAY 2:36 p.m. EST November 7, 2014
The refreshed and updated 2015 Honda CR-V went on sale Oct. 1.
(Photo: Honda)
92 CONNECT 15 TWEET LINKEDIN 33 COMMENTEMAILMORE
Huge makeover. Many firsts. Passionate buyers.
Ho-hum.
Test Drive acknowledges and salutes the remarkable features and technology that Honda's put into the 2015 CR-V, a compact crossover that is the best-selling SUV of any kind in the U.S.
But, we remain unenthusiastic about the 2015.
In that, we are alone. Dealers literally were selling them as fast they arrived last month, boosting the model's October sales 30% in a new-car market up 6%.
In summary, the new CR-V works fine,  mostly. Looks interesting. Is roomy for its size. And the back seat folds as if it's reading your mind — one latch and done.
But also, the vehicle feels a bit cheap, still has Honda's baffling infotainment/telematics  system, and drinks more gasoline than we expected, despite much-improved  federal ratings.
It isn't a dog, but neither is it much fun to drive, though likely that's not a priority for CR-V buyers.
In Honda's view, the 2015 CR-V is a milestone. The automaker says it never has given a vehicle such an extensive package of updates. Such festooning usually takes place at a full redesign every six to eight years, not at a midcycle freshening such as this.
The interior's new, too, and is both more attractive and more useful, thanks to the console design and storage cubbies.
Cargo space is generous, so CR-V makes sense for people who need serious tote room inside tight parking dimensions.
Big news is the new high-end version, called Touring. Buyers of all kinds can't seem to get enough fancy stuff on compact vehicles, and there's no sense leaving money on the table.
Touring includes driver-assist features that no other CR-V models offer at any price. Packaged as Honda Sensing: forward-collision warning, collision-mitigation braking, adaptive cruise control, lane-keeping assist, lane-departure warning.
The 2015 Honda CR-V, a compact crossover, is best-selling SUV of any kind in the U.S. 
(Photo: Honda)
However, we remain unenthusiastic about the vehicle overall. 
(Photo: Honda, Wieck)
Honda calls the styling moves "bold," though we think the rear end now bears an uncomfortable resemblance to the Pontiac Aztek that stars in so many bad dreams.  
(Photo: Honda, Wieck)
Fullscreen
The big news comes from the Touring edition, which includes features that none of the others offer at any price. They are packaged as the Honda Sensing suite: forward collision warning, collision mitigation braking, adaptive cruise control, lane keeping assist, lane departure warning and Honda LaneWatch.  
(Photo: Honda, Wieck)
The CR-V feels a bit cheap, still has Honda's baffling-logic infotainment/telemetric system, and drinks more gasoline than we expected despite much-improved federal mpg ratings. 
(Photo: Honda)
The 2.4-liter four-cylinder engine is rated 185 horsepower at 6,400 rpm, 181 pounds-feet at 3,900 rpm. A CVT replaces last year's five-speed automatic. 
(Photo: Honda, Wieck)
Fullscreen
The CR-V has a brittle, almost cheap, feel about it. Doors open and close with a tinniness we haven't experienced in awhile. And the doors are something used every day, so you'd think you'd at least want them to have the thunk or whump of a high-end machine. 
(Photo: Honda, Wieck)
Fullscreen
The attributes that make it so appealing to so many SUV buyers are insufficient for Test Drive. Unless Honda gets logical in its approach to infotainment and telematics, and puts premium and sporty touches into the CR-V's personality -- as we know Honda can do -- there'd be no CR-V on our shopping list. 
(Photo: Honda, Wieck)
Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries:
Replay

Regulator Approves Commerciality of Discoveries in ONGC s D5 Block: ReportNew Delhi: Upstream oil regulator Directorate General of Hydrocarbons (DGH) has approved commerciality of oil and gas discoveries in the northern area of state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp's (ONGC) prolific KG-D5 block in Bay of Bengal.
ONGC has so far made 11 oil and gas discoveries in the Krishna Godavari basin block
KG-DWN-98/2 or KG-D5 sits next to Reliance Industries' KG-D6 area. The discoveries in KG-D5 are divided into northern and southern areas, with the former having a total of 10 finds and the later the ultra-deep UD-1 discovery.
Sources said ONGC had divided these and a couple of finds in a neighbouring block, into three clusters. The gas discoveries D and E in the northern part of KG-D5 will be brought to production together with G-4 find in a neighbouring KG block at an investment of $1.92 billion.
The remaining eight discoveries in the Northern Development Area (NDA) will be brought to production as Cluster-II.
DGH, the technical advisory arm of the Oil Ministry on upstream oil and gas exploration and production issues, has approved the Declaration of Commerciality (DoC) of Cluster-II, they said.
DoC is a pre-requisite before investments can be made in developing any discovery.
Over $4.07 billion is planned to be invested in bringing to production the Cluster-II finds. NDA, they said, holds total inplace reserves of 78 billion cubic meters of gas and another 121 million tons of oil.
The Southern Development Area, compromising of UD-1 find, has total in place gas reserves of 80.8 bcm.
Sources said Cluster-I is likely to start production in 2017 with over 8.5 million standard cubic meters per day of output, which will peak to 14.5 mmscmd in two years thereafter begin to slide. This cluster will remain in production for 15 years.
At Cluster-II, ONGC will produce over 90,000 barrels per day of oil (4.5 million tons a year) from 2019. This set of discoveries would also give a gas output of 11.09 mmscmd in the first year and touching a peak of 18 mmscmd in the second year.
SDA is technologically challenging because of the water depth of more than 2,500 meters and the UD-1 find in the area would be taken up for development later, sources said.
ONGC bought 90 per cent interest in Block KG-DWN-98/2 from Cairn Energy India Ltd in 2005. Cairn subsequently relinquished its remaining 10 per cent interest in favour of ONGC.
Before selling most of its stake and giving away operatorship of the block, Cairn made four discoveries in the area - Padmavati, Kanakdurga, N-1 and R-1 (Annapurna).
Subsequently, ONGC made six significant discoveries - E-1, A1, U1, W1, D-1 and KT-1 in NDA and the first ultra-deep water discovery UD-1 at a record depth of 2,841 metres.
Block KG-DWN-98/2, comprising 7,294.60 square kilometres, was originally awarded to Cairn in the first round of auction under New Exploration Licensing Policy (NELP) in April 2000. Of which, 2,4623 sq km has been relinquished and ONGC currently holds 3,800.6 sq km in NDA and 3,494 sq km in SDA.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 17:36 (IST)

TCS  3 Others Lose Rs 30 680 Crore in Market Value in a WeekYou are here: Home Market
TCS, 3 Others Lose Rs 30,680 Crore in Market Value in a Week
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 09, 2014 18:55 (IST)
Gold Prices Plunge by Rs 195 on Weak Global Cues
New Delhi: Dragged down by Coal India Ltd (CIL), the cumulative market valuation of four of the top ten Indian companies declined by Rs 30,679.66 crore in the week the week ended November 7.
While Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), CIL and HDFC Bank suffered losses in their market valuation, ONGC, ITC, Infosys, State Bank of India (SBI), ICICI Bank and Sun Pharmaceuticals registered gains.
The combined gain in market valuation of these six companies stood at Rs 30,195.6 crore.
Coal India emerged as the biggest loser among the top ten firms during the week, as its M-Cap tumbled by Rs 15,569.84 crore to Rs 2,17,725.08 crore.
After CIL, TCS took the biggest hit as its market valuation dipped by Rs 6,081.85 crore to Rs 5,04,078.65 crore, while that of RIL plunged by Rs 5,899.34 crore to Rs 3,17,302.18 crore.
HDFC Bank's market capitalisation fell by Rs 3,128.63 crore to Rs 2,17,105.84 crore.
Among the gainers, the market value of Sun Pharma rose by Rs 9,547.79 crore to Rs 1,84,670 crore, while that of ICICI Bank jumped by Rs 6,963.82 crore to Rs 1,95,093.62 crore.
Infosys' value moved up by Rs 6,732.92 crore to Rs 2,39,381.83 crore while that of ONGC rose by Rs 3,593.3 crore to Rs 3,50,133.43 crore.
The m-cap of SBI jumped by Rs 3,038.55 crore to Rs 2,04,736.47 crore while ITC's M-Cap went up by Rs 319.22 crore to Rs 2,83,833.51 crore.
In the ranking of top ten firms, TCS stood at the top, followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, Infosys, CIL, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
The benchmark BSE Sensex concluded the week at 27,868.63, showing a marginal gain of just 2.8 points.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 17:56 (IST)

Idea Offers Spectrum Swap to Avoid Mobile Services DisruptionYou are here: Home Corporates
Idea Offers Spectrum Swap to Avoid Mobile Services Disruption
Press Trust of India | Updated On: November 09, 2014 18:47 (IST)
Buying Iron Ore for First Time in History, Says Tata Steel
New Delhi: Idea Cellular has offered to swap spectrum frequencies, which it won in February, with Airtel and Vodafone so as to help avoid disruption in mobile services in Delhi.
The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) had in mid-October written to the Department of Telecommunications (DoT) saying the mobile services in the national capital may be disrupted partially from December due to delays in the allocation of frequencies to Airtel and Vodafone, which may cause inconvenience to about 20 million subscribers.
The licences of Airtel and Vodafone are expiring in Delhi on November 29.
In February, whereas Idea won 5 Mhz of frequency spot in the 900 Mhz band, the other two operators lost a part of spectrum in this band. The spectrum won by Idea has to be freed by the two telecom operators.
Idea has in its letter to DoT said that it "is prepared to take a central block of 896.1-901.1 Mhz block instead of currently earmarked 890.1-895.1 Mhz block, so that existing operators do not have any change of frequency in the 900 Mhz band".
Although Airtel and Vodafone had bought spectrum afresh in February, they were allotted new frequencies only on October 10. These operators have said that it will take few weeks to adjust their networks as per the new frequency spot.
However, the company has said that DoT should not delay allocation of 5Mhz spectrum won by it in Delhi for Rs 3,705 crore. It paid upfront payment of Rs 926.2 crore on March 3.
Idea said it is ready to launch 3G service in Delhi and has committed significant capital expenditure for it.
"Any delay in spectrum beyond 30.11.2014, would result in launch of Idea services on the said 900 Mhz spectrum by an equivalent period and it totally unacceptable," Idea said.
The company said that it is incurring interest cost of Rs 1.02 crore every day on the investment made.
Idea Cellular said it is binding on DoT to issue spectrum in time and the department will have to indemnify in case of any loss cause to the company due to the government body not fulfilling its commitment.
Story first published on: November 09, 2014 17:36 (IST)

Gold Jewellery  Coin Exports Jump 22 Per Cent in April-SeptemberThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Its time we stop over-dependence on fickle FIIs : DeepakParekhFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Raising concern about over-dependence of Indian capital markets on foreign institutional investors, eminent banker Deepak Parekh has said that something needs to be done to change this pattern.
“There is too much dependence on foreign institutional investors (FIIs), and I think we have exported our capital markets abroad. We have to do something to change this pattern,” Deepak Parekh told a capital markets meet organised by the ISB here over the weekend.
“Who is really benefitting from our well regulated equity markets? It is not the Indians, it is not our institutions, it is not our labour, it is not our retirees, but the FIIs,” said Deepak Parekh, Chairman of mortgage giant HDFC.
FIIs’ stakes in the Sensex companies hit an all-time high of over 27 per cent in June this year. Their holdings in the wider BSE 200 Index reached an all-time high at 24.5 per cent, as per BofA-ML’s Jyotivardhan Jaipuria.
Incidentally, HDFC as also group firm HDFC Bank are among companies with very high FII holdings.
The companies where FIIs have exhausted their permissible investment limits include Axis Bank, HDFC Bank, IDFC, IndusInd Bank, Lupin, Maruti and Titan among others. The sectors where there is still some room comprise banks, cement, auto and consumer goods.
“We all know how fickle FIIs are. They move in and out of the markets effortlessly and there is a herd instinct. History is replete with examples of how sudden reversals in capital flows can cause extensive damage and volatility to a country’s financial system,” Parekh warned.
A vocal proponent of free market, Parekh also crticised the government for using the divestment as a tool to “plug the fiscal deficit,” and said state-run firms like LIC should not take holdings in other PSUs as part of divestment programme.
He also expressed displeasure at no progress being made on the front as yet, saying bunching up of issues towards the end of the fiscal reduces market’s absorption capacity.
He also said the government has been “hanging on senselessly” with equity in many public sector companies such as BSNL and Air India as private companies have done very well in their sectors.
Alleging that investigating arms of the government like the CAG or CVC have “little understanding of valuations”, Parekh also came out strongly over action taken against civil servants under whose leaderships such stake sales happen.
He further blamed the investment bankers and promoters for being greedy and commanding higher valuations in FY08, which saw a record initial public offerings and said that this behaviour has waned investor interest later.
“The cardinal rule is that one has to leave something on the table for investors, otherwise they will completely back out of such funding,” he said, adding the number of issuances have been few even though we are in the midst of a bull-run in the market at present.

Chinese outbound investment to tripleChina foresees outbound investment of $1.25tn in a decade
Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/806fe102-67de-11e4-acc0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

World Chess Championship: Carlsen vs Anand game 2 liveprint
Defending champion Magnus Carlsen outplayed Viswanathan Anand on Sunday in 35 moves in the second game of the World Chess Championship being held at Sochi.
23-year-old Carlsen started with white and tore down Anand's Berlin defence by swinging the game first to queen's side and from there on to the king's side.
Carlsen opened with the Ruy Lopez line with e4 to which Anand replied with e5.
On the seventh move, the champion went in for an early trading of his white bishop for black's queen side knight, in the process disturbed Anand's pawn structure.
Game board
Here is the game board at the end of game 2. You can press the arrow buttons and play the game from scratch.
On move 11, Carlsen played a4 with an intention of creating a weak queen rook pawn for Anand. Undeterred Anand played a5 which in turn opened up the files for his two bishops.
In his next move, Carlsen traded his knight for Anand's black bishop. This shifted the play to the centre of the board.
He then brought his queen side rook into play moving it a3 to be ready for an attack. At this position, all his pieces were ready for action with the field clear for forward movement and ready for a long grind.
My engine says equal, but I would be starting to get nervous with all these pieces heading in the direction of my king #CarlsenAnand — Nigel Short (@nigelshortchess) November 9, 2014
Though there was no major threat for Anand's king, the piece mobilisation was a psychological attack.
At the end of the 22nd move, both players had two rooks, queen and seven pawns.
By this time, Carlsen had moved in to an active position, while Anand seemed to have lost the plot.
Somehow the attack paid off. A serious risk free pressure for Magnus now.. So far he is clearly dictating the terms. #CarlsenAnand — Anish Giri (@anishgiri) November 9, 2014
Anand, more popular of the two on social media, managed to achieve a tangible position but made a blunder in the end with h5, allowing Carlsen to take his queen to b7.
Along with his rook on e7, Anand decided to call it quits.
On Anand's blunder, Carlsen said he had to double check whether his queen's move was actually a winning one.
"It is a pity I threw it away," Anand said.
"Vishy self destructed today. I think he created a big hole for himself and it is nearly impossible to get out of," Susan Polgar, a four-time women's World chess champion, told IANS.
Just as in Chennai, I think Anand should have added a strategist on his team. His problem isn't in the openings but psychology #CarlsenAnand — Susan Polgar (@SusanPolgar) November 9, 2014
With his first victory as early as in the second tie of the 12-game match, Carlsen now leads the series by 1.5-0.5. Team Anand will now have to think of something out-of-the-box to contain the Carlsen juggernaut.
Match Video
Add this to your flipboard Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Dont's miss any stories, follow our World Chess Championship magazine View my Flipboard Magazine.

Salad-bowl cabinet with a politically significant shuffleComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi effected a far-reaching reconstruction of his government by picking a new generation of men and women for a carefully curated ‘salad-bowl’ Cabinet – one with more castes, social groups and states being represented.
With it, Modi has attempted to dispel the notion that BJP is primarily a party of the upper castes or that ministers have to be well-heeled.
Most of those picked are low profile, commoners who perhaps don’t look their part and unknown to those not familiar with the BJP rank and file. But all of them are grassroots leaders and had been foot soldiers of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, the bulwark of the Hindu right.
The shuffle wasn’t just about equitable workload. Given its complexion and given that several states will head for elections, one after the other, in the next couple of years, it is simply about good politics for the BJP.
With two more Dalits – Punjab MP Vijay Sampla and Agra MP Ram Shankar – the Modi Cabinet has five Dalit faces now. The inclusion of Sampla, who represents Hoshiarpur, will help the BJP if it chooses to go it alone in Punjab, which goes to polls in 2017. About 28% population of the state is Dalit, against a national average of 18%.
With three new entrants from Bihar – Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Ram Kripal Yadav and Giriraj Singh – the BJP has just upped its ante, ahead of the state’s polls next year.
In Giriraj Singh, a polarizing and a fiery leader from Bihar, the Modi Cabinet has got a Bhumihar face. Bhumihar is one of the four influential upper castes in Bihar, apart from rajputs, brahmins and kayasthas. While the upper castes have stood behind the BJP since early on, the party hopes Ram Kripal Yadav will help draw in alienated Yadavs, who together with dalits and Muslims make up 50% of Bihar’s electorate.
Fatehpur MP Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti, who belongs to Other Backward Classes, and Noida MP Mahesh Sharma could help strengthen the BJP’s grip in UP.
First time MP and popular singer Babul Supriyo’s entry is aimed at sending a strong signal to West Bengal, a state where the BJP has made big gains. Bandaru Dattatreya, a senior BJP face in undivided Andhra Pradesh, is the lone representative from the Telangana in Modi’s team.
Rajyavardhan Rathore and Sanwar Lal Jat make up for a good Rajput and Jat balance in Rajasthan. Haryana Jat leader Birender Singh adds to the Modi Cabinet’s Jat representation. In 2004, Singh lost to Bhupinder Singh Hooda in the battle for Haryana chief-ministership and missed a berth in the Manmohan Singh government in 2010. His gamble to quit Congress after four decades has paid off.

South India under-represented in Team ModiThe expansion of Narendra Modi’s ministry on Sunday failed to break one stereotype associated with BJP – that it overwhelmingly remains a party rooted in the north of the Vindhyas.
There are only nine representatives from five southern states in the 66-member council of ministers.
None of the four cabinet ministers added on Sunday are from the south.
In all, the cabinet has four southern ministers – M Venkaiah Naidu, DV Sadananda Gowda, Ananth Kumar and Ashok Gajhapati Raju Pusapati. 
Naidu is a Rajya Sabha MP from Karnataka, Gowda and Kumar are Lok Sabha MPs from the same state and Pusapati is a Telegu Desam Party leader from Andhra Pradesh.
Tamil Nadu and Kerala go unrepresented in the cabinet.
A glance at the list of ministers of state reveals that the balance is better, but only slightly. On Sunday, two MOS’ were added -- Bandaru Dattatreya from Telangana and YS Chowdary of TDP from Andhra.
This is in addition to Nirmala Sitharaman (a Rajya Sabha MP from Andhra), GM Siddeswara (Karnataka) and Radhakrishnan P (Tamil Nadu).
The selection of ministers is a product of political strength and representation. The fact that BJP has a lot fewer MPs from the south than north means there is a limited pool from which they can select.
Under the UPA, the pattern was the reverse -- 26 out of 78 came from four southern states in 2009.

With Dollar on a Tear  Gold  Silver Rout Far From Over: PollGovernment May Make PAN Must for Registering Charitable Trusts
New York: Gold's rout may be far from over, with many analysts and traders surveyed by Reuters predicting prices could fall to $1,000 per ounce by the end of the year, the first time at that level since 2009, even after Friday's 3-per cent short-covering rally.
A rush of physical buying in the past week - from jewelry in Shanghai to coins in Germany - may prove to be a dead-cat bounce that is too feeble to offset a broader trend of selling by investors betting on further gains in the dollar, US equities and an improving American economy, according to the survey of more than two dozen analysts and traders.
Half of the 27 respondents surveyed on Wednesday and Thursday predicted gold prices will breach a critical support at $1,100 per ounce by the end of this year.
A significant portion even had $1,000 in their sights, which would be a five-year low and a level considered critical for miners. Only two saw prices recovering above the $1,200 mark.
Silver's fortunes may be even bleaker - most of those polled expect prices to fall another 10 per cent to as low as $14 per ounce, which would be its lowest in over five years.
"US dollar strength should impact gold on a short-term basis," said John Meyer, analyst at brokerage SP Angel.
The survey was carried out before spot gold rallied on Friday after hitting fresh 4-1/2-year lows around $1,130 an ounce as investors covered bearish bets after weaker-than-expected October US jobs growth.
Prices may remain volatile and prone to rallies on spurts of short-covering, and weak prices have unleashed a flurry of physical demand for coins in Europe and the United States.
But with the dollar on a tear against global currencies and institutional cash being pulled from the market, any recovery may be short-lived for now.
"The drivers of a sustained rally in gold are ephemeral at best," said Tai Wong, director, metals trading at BMO Capital Markets in New York.
A strong dollar makes it more expensive for foreign buyers to own dollar-based gold.
Holdings in the world's No. 1 gold-backed exchange traded fund, SPDR Gold Trust, which proved popular with investors during the financial crisis that followed the collapse of Lehman Brothers, sank to their lowest in six years on Friday.
The poll highlighted how far gold has fallen out of favor with the end of the Federal Reserve's years-long bond-buying stimulus program.
At $1,000, gold would be off almost 50 per cent from the all-time highs of $1,920 an ounce hit in 2011 when investors were piling in to protect against inflation and geopolitical and economic uncertainty.
"The mood of investors could not be more bearish for precious metals," said Thorsten Proettel, commodity analyst at LBBW.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Why We  Choke  Under Pressure  According To Neurosciencereddit
During the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, all eyes were on the U.S. Women's Gymnastics team, who won the team gold in gymnastics for America for the first time since 1996. But during the individual vault event, all eyes were on one U.S. gymnast in particular: McKayla Maroney. The 16-year-old gymnast had chosen for the team in large part because of her impressive skill in vaulting, and she was all but guaranteed to win gold in the event.
But when the time came for Maroney to sprint down the runway and spring off the apparatus, her gaze intent and her eyes on the prize, Maroney choked. She completely botched her performance, landing on the mat on her rear end. Needless to say, she lost the gold.
“It happens,” Maroney said afterwards . “It’s gymnastics, and you can’t be perfect. Sometimes, things don’t go as planned. I don’t blame it on anything else. I just messed up.”
Choking is a common, though agonizing, story for most professional athletes and performers. And it usually has nothing to do with a lack of skill, but rather, the pressure of the immense gains or losses that are at stake.
“Choking isn’t just poor performance," University of Chicago psychologist Sian Beilock, author of Choke, told Smithsonian . "It is worse performance than you are capable of precisely because there is a lot on the line.”
Moments of "just messing up" in high-pressure situations may seem random and uncontrollable, but scientists are beginning to demystify just why it is that we choke, and how we might be able to prevent such high-stakes errors.
It turns out that being too attached to winning may have been what caused Maroney to choke, according to some new research from neuroscientists Johns Hopkins University .
Whether you choke under pressure might have more to do with your motivation: specifically, to what extent that you are driven by a desire to win or by a desire to avoid losing. If you're very loss-averse -- meaning that you hate losing more than you love winning -- your chances of choking will be lower. But for those who value the rush of winning over the pain of losing, the likelihood of choking is often higher.
The Johns Hopkins study found that those who hated losing the most choked when told that they stood to win the most, while those who cared more about winning choked when they stood to lose something significant. In other words, it's all about how you frame the incentive: as a loss or as a gain.
“We can measure someone’s loss aversion and then frame the task in a way that might help them avoid choking under pressure,” Vikram Chib, Ph.D., assistant professor of biomedical engineering at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, said in a statement.
The researchers explain this phenomenon by looking at the ventral striatum, a brain region that may connect incentive-driven motivation and the execution of physical performance. The activity of this brain region suggests that an individual's attachment to winning is key to how they perform under pressure.
They proved it with this experiment: 26 adult participants, between the ages of 20 and 30, were tested on two consecutive days. They learned a brief but difficult video game requiring precise hand control on the first day. On the second day, the participants were placed in an MRI machine. Before each two-second round of the game, they were told what the stakes for that round would be: Losing $100 in cash, gaining $100 or anything in between, based on how they performed. The amount of money that the subjects got to take home was determined at random based on their performance on one of the 300 rounds, which gave them an incentive to perform their best in each round.
Separately, the participants were asked a series of theoretical questions about what they would gamble and how much risk they'd take for various outcomes, so that the researchers could determine their level of loss aversion.
“We found that the way we framed an incentive -- as a potential gain or loss -- had a profound effect on participants’ behavior as they performed the skilled task,” Chib said in the statement. “But the effect was different for those with high versus low aversion to loss.”
High loss aversion actually helped participants when they faced increasing losses -- they didn't choke, even when the loss was up to $100. Those with high loss aversion performed well when there were potential gains of $25 or $50, but when offered a $100 reward, they choked. The opposite happened to those with low loss aversion: their performance improved with both increasing prospective gains and increasing prospective losses, but they choked when threatened with a $100 loss.
While all of this was happening, MRI images were being taken of the participants' brains, focusing on the ventral striatum, that small area of the brain associated with reward processing and movement control. They saw that when both loss and gain incentives were presented, ventral striatum activity increased with the magnitude of the stakes.
More loss-averse participants had lower striatal activity (and thus performed worse) when playing for large potential wins, whereas more winning-attached participants had less striatal activity (and worse performance) when attempting to avoid losing.
"We have known from previous studies that the ventral striatum is responsible for representing information about incentives and motor performance, but this study shows how it mediates the relationship between incentives and performance," Chib explained in an email to the Huffington Post. "We show that in the situations when people choke under pressure there is a break down in the connectivity between ventral striatum and the motor cortex (the are responsible for coordinating our movements). These breakdown in communication between these areas could be causing individuals to choke under pressure."
So how can we apply this information to improve our own performance? One way would be to use cognitive strategies to reframe high-stakes situations so as to help minimize your chances of poor performance. So if you're someone who plays to win, try to avoid framing the situation more in terms of what you could stand to lose.
"From this study, it seems that knowing an individuals’s loss aversion could be used to determine the best way to frame incentives in the workplace," Chib added.
More:

Celebrities at the premiere of  Rang RasiyaCelebrity
'Rang Rasiya' special screening
A special screening of Rang Rasiya was held in Cinemax Versova, Mumbai on November 06, 2014. ‘Rang Rasiya’ stars Randeep Hooda and Nandana Sen in the lead. This film is about the painter Raja Ravi Verma who painted gods and was condemned by the society for his work. The premiere saw the starcast Randeep Hooda, Nandana Sen along with the veteran divas like Manisha Koirala, Tabu and some ace directors from the industry like Sudhir Mishra, Rajkumar Hirani. Also gracing the event was the lovely Gauhar Khan.
You might also like:
Randeep Hooda and Nandana Sen pose together at the premiere of Rang Rasiya.
1 / 30

Shiv Sena puts break-up with BJP on holdThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Goa  Prime Minister Narendra Modi s lucky charmThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Thousands march to demand justice for 43 missing studentsThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Three Indians arrested in Nepal with fake Indian currencyThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Government Sales Boot Camp: Best Practices for Success  an Upcoming Class from the Government Contracting InstituteThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Pope hails John Paul II role in Berlin wall fallThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

TMC slams BJP for inducting Supriyo as a  helpless  MoSThank you for your feedback. Did you find Realtime News useful?
What I liked
Freshness of news and images
Variety of news and images
Ease of use
Service useful, will keep coming back Other:
Please enter feedback.
What I did not like
News stories or images not recent
Page load takes forever
Page layout Missing feature / Any other suggestion:
Please enter feedback.

Dear anand bhai any new recco. from you except rantamani metalsNew Member
3 Followers
Anand sir...... Plss express ur view on mm forgings,,,, is it a buy price or wait or use sip..... Regd :)
In reply to : anand24243 message
10.17 AM Nov 10th

Airport area soon to be `no cattle zone`Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Any news about dlf-vadraCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Powerloom workers to go on hunger strike if power tariff increasedTN powerloom workers to go on hunger strike if power tariff increased
PTI
Powerloom workers to go on hunger strike if power tariff increased
Coimbatore, Nov 9:  
A section of powerloom workers in five districts have threatened to go on hunger strike if the state government increased the power tariff, as proposed by Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission.
A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting of Joint Committee of Powerloom Owners and Job workers Associations of Tirupur, Namakkal, Erode, Karur and Coimbatore districts held at nearby Somanur, committee sources said.
The meeting while appealing the government not to go with the proposal to hike power tariff, also requested to reduce the hike effected last year or to subsides the increase, the sources said.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

It s time we stop over-dependence on  fickle FIIs : Deepak ParekhFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Raising concern about over-dependence of Indian capital markets on foreign institutional investors, eminent banker Deepak Parekh has said that something needs to be done to change this pattern.
“There is too much dependence on foreign institutional investors (FIIs), and I think we have exported our capital markets abroad. We have to do something to change this pattern,” Deepak Parekh told a capital markets meet organised by the ISB here over the weekend.
“Who is really benefitting from our well regulated equity markets? It is not the Indians, it is not our institutions, it is not our labour, it is not our retirees, but the FIIs,” said Deepak Parekh, Chairman of mortgage giant HDFC.
FIIs’ stakes in the Sensex companies hit an all-time high of over 27 per cent in June this year. Their holdings in the wider BSE 200 Index reached an all-time high at 24.5 per cent, as per BofA-ML’s Jyotivardhan Jaipuria.
Incidentally, HDFC as also group firm HDFC Bank are among companies with very high FII holdings.
The companies where FIIs have exhausted their permissible investment limits include Axis Bank, HDFC Bank, IDFC, IndusInd Bank, Lupin, Maruti and Titan among others. The sectors where there is still some room comprise banks, cement, auto and consumer goods.
“We all know how fickle FIIs are. They move in and out of the markets effortlessly and there is a herd instinct. History is replete with examples of how sudden reversals in capital flows can cause extensive damage and volatility to a country’s financial system,” Parekh warned.
A vocal proponent of free market, Parekh also crticised the government for using the divestment as a tool to “plug the fiscal deficit,” and said state-run firms like LIC should not take holdings in other PSUs as part of divestment programme.
He also expressed displeasure at no progress being made on the front as yet, saying bunching up of issues towards the end of the fiscal reduces market’s absorption capacity.
He also said the government has been “hanging on senselessly” with equity in many public sector companies such as BSNL and Air India as private companies have done very well in their sectors.
Alleging that investigating arms of the government like the CAG or CVC have “little understanding of valuations”, Parekh also came out strongly over action taken against civil servants under whose leaderships such stake sales happen.
He further blamed the investment bankers and promoters for being greedy and commanding higher valuations in FY08, which saw a record initial public offerings and said that this behaviour has waned investor interest later.
“The cardinal rule is that one has to leave something on the table for investors, otherwise they will completely back out of such funding,” he said, adding the number of issuances have been few even though we are in the midst of a bull-run in the market at present.

Losing the fear can be liberating  and dangerousLosing the fear can be liberating – and dangerous
Lucy Kellaway
Work anxiety tends to decline with age, but watch out for the complacency catch
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fbc93360-6655-11e4-9c0c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Too much remembrance may mean we forget© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8ecc4650-6676-11e4-8bf6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

A climate change challenge for Bill GatesAbout Nick
Blog guide
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
This blog looks at the relationship between energy and power, plus the global trends and influences on the industry. Nick aims to blog twice a week
Nick Butler is Visiting Professor and Chair of the Kings Policy Institute at Kings College London.
He spent 29 years with BP, including five years as Group Vice President for Policy and Strategy Development at BP from 2002 to 2006.   He has also served as Senior Policy Adviser at No 10, Chairman of the Centre for European Reform and Treasurer of the Fabian Society.
Nick Butler is an investor in, and an adviser to a number of companies and institutions in the energy business.  The views expressed are solely those of Mr Butler.  This material is not intended to provide and should not be relied upon for investment advice or recommendations.   Readers are urged to seek professional advice before making any investment.
All posts are published in UK time.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Postcard from...GoodwoodNovember 7, 2014 5:23 pm
Postcard from . . . Goodwood
Andrew Frankel
The beautiful woodland is so extensive you may struggle to believe you are in West Sussex, just 50 miles from London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/448fbd0c-64d6-11e4-ab2d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Namibias Skeleton CoastNovember 7, 2014 5:23 pm
Namibia’s Skeleton Coast
Carole Cadwalladr
In one of the loneliest spots on earth, a new camp offers high style and space to think
The Hoanib camp, set in a landscape of rocky hills
©Dana Allen
The living room at the Hoanib camp
©Dana Allen
The camp’s outside dining area
©Dana Allen
The camp offers visitors the chance to go lion-spotting...
©Flip Stander
A cluster of shacks at Mowe Bay, on the Skeleton Coast
View of the Hoanib River
©Dana Allen
An interior at the Hoanib camp
©Dana Allen
Seals gather on the Skeleton Coast
©Olwen Evans
The dunes of the Skeleton Coast
©Olwen Evans
Next Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
It is a gradual process leaving civilisation behind. I fly from London to Johannesburg and from there to Windhoek. Then, after a night to recover, I arrive at the little domestic airport, where there’s no ticket check or X-ray machine, just the pilot, who leads me out to a Cessna 210 or what looks like a motorbike with wings. There’s space for six passengers – theoretically, if they breathe in and didn’t have too good a meal the night before – and the safety demonstration involves pointing out the first aid kit at the back of the aircraft and the five litres of water under one of the seats.
More
Michael Buerk returns to Zimbabwe
It’s my first of many lessons in desert survival. I cross my fingers and hope we don’t do an Antoine de Saint-Exupéry. (He crashed in the Sahara and spent five waterless days alone before help arrived – it’s no coincidence that afterwards he wrote The Little Prince, the story of a lonely little boy from a planet far away.)
In fact, Hoanib, my destination, feels like it could be on a planet far away. It’s at the uninhabited end of one of the most uninhabited countries on earth – Namibia is only marginally more populous than Mongolia – and as the landscape turns from khaki browns to dappled reds interspersed with craggy granite peaks, I imagine it’s how Mars might look in a century’s time: harsh, unyielding, thinly populated.
Beneath the surface somewhere, though, there are diamonds, uranium, iron ore, tungsten. Namibia has always attracted prospectors, frontiersmen, adventurers: German colonists, South African administrators, people not put off by 825,000 square kilometres of nothingness.
The Namib desert, the oldest in the world, runs the length of the Skeleton Coast, the strangest, loneliest coast of them all, a thousand kilometres of savage emptiness. While I know people who have a thing for deserts, I’m not sure I’m one of them. I’m not sure I’m cut out for contemplating being and nothingness and the insignificance of man or woman, or at least one woman in particular, me. Not least because I am actually A Woman in the Desert Alone. I was going to bring my partner but, for various reasons, it didn’t work out. My first lesson in desert survival: adapt or die.
We stop to refuel and hear that Hoanib, 45km inland from the coast, is fogged in. Fog! In the desert. Who knew? Though it turns out it’s what makes life possible. Because there is life in the desert. Who knew that either? But then, as we fly on, into the further, dryer, far-flung north, Hoanib defies my expectations on just about all counts. It is not the Namibian desert that I’ve vaguely seen in tourist photos. There are no towering red dunes. In the blinding midday sun, it’s a hostile place of endless bone-dry crumbling rocky hills, and one dry river valley, a ribbon of greenery that winds its way past the camp down to the Skeleton Coast. Only later do I notice the animal prints all around, including right up to the steps of my “tent”. Clement Lawrence, the camp manager, identifies them as oryx but, a week earlier, it had been lion, while a few hundred metres away are wandering elephant, hyena and jackal.
©Olwen Evans
An elephant wanders near the camp at Hoanib in the Namib desert
I realise later that it takes a couple of days to adjust my eyes to the landscape; to see it properly. The desert does not reveal itself all at once, but slowly, gradually. Just as my fingers twitch for the first few days with the muscle memory of swiping my phone for updates, text messages, emails, news. Here there is no phone signal, no WiFi, no news. Something shifts in my head and it feels like my brain synapses, after a decade of clicking and scrolling, begin to unknot.
If the desert is not what I expected, neither is the “camp”. It opened in August and consists of a cluster of tent-like structures that shelter what looks like a Milanese boutique hotel. The floors are polished concrete, the chairs are the kind you see featured in Wallpaper magazine, and the soft furnishings have an edge of Mayfair luxe: cool, minimalist, expensive. Lawrence says that the traditional safari-lodge look – think thatch and wooden decking – just wouldn’t work here. It’s too harsh, too extreme. “There’s the fog and the salt and the wind and the heat, they’d last minutes in this environment.”
There is no phone signal, no news. Something shifts in my head and it feels like my brain synapses, after a decade of clicking and scrolling, begin to unknot
But the camp’s real attraction is its location: right on the edge of the Skeleton Coast national park, a heavily protected area off-limits to all vehicles. Apart from ours; Hoanib’s lease includes traversing rights to the coast via the Hoanib river system. And traversing it – as we do the next morning – is an incredible journey. We are the only vehicle for miles in any direction and there is just enough uncertainty about the route to make it exciting. In places, there’s only a single set of tyre tracks marking the route and Charles, the guide, is cheerfully upbeat about how difficult it is to spot and how easy it is to get lost down here. Or stuck in the sand. Or charged, as a Swiss couple were the day before, by a young bull elephant.
We set off – with Swantje and Jochen, a German couple who live in London – in the predawn fog, the life-giving fog that sustains the trees and plants, disturbing great herds of springbok and fluttering cape sparrows and, in a moment of high drama, that almost passes me by, a caracal. “A what?” I say. “Just take a photo! Take a photo!” says Charles. It looks like an over-large domestic cat with pointed ears and wanders nonchalantly around our Toyota Land Cruiser sniffing the air. Charles is almost palpitating when it finally takes its leave. It’s one of the rarest of all the big cats and only the third he has ever seen.
©Flip Stander
A caracal
The lions have moved on, however. The next day I meet Flip Stander, a Namibian with a PhD in biology from Cambridge, who has dedicated his life to the desert lions, living in a satellite-equipped van in which he tracks them (and from which he runs daily updates to his website, desertlion.info ). He tells me how lions on the plains have a range of around 100km-150km. “Whereas here, it’s an order of magnitude of difference. Their home ranges are 12,000km or more.” They are so adapted to the desert that they can go days without water. “And they’re so strong!” he says. “So athletic!”
But then, everything in the desert is different. Everything is tougher and stronger and stranger. Where the Hoanib river’s path to the sea is blocked by dunes, lies a vast green basin of dense vegetation in the middle of which stands a lone giraffe playing the world’s worst game of hide and seek. It’s visible from about a mile away and when we pass, it gives us a doleful stare. “It looks lonely,” I say to Charles. “In the desert,” he says. “All the animals are alone.”
Even the human ones. I sit on a seat on top of the vehicle with Swantje when we emerge in the dunes and Charles drives to the top of one, to a terrifying, precipitous drop. “Charles!” I shout down. “I’ve changed my . . . ” And then he turns off the engine and several tonnes of Japanese engineering and us slide down the sand accompanied by the roar of what sounds like a jet engine. It’s that strange desert phenomenon: a roaring dune.
Swantje sensibly retreats to the inside of the vehicle but I remain on top and ride along in stately isolation as the sand turns to gravel and rocks and the “road” – a single vehicle track – disappears. Beyond is the ocean, the sky a bruised dark blue, stippled by clouds, and a cold salty wind, whipped up the sea, roars on to land. There is mile after mile of nothingness and a strange hot/coldness to the air, it’s a border zone where the heat of the desert meets the cold of the ocean – the Benguela current that sweeps up this side of Africa – and I am buffeted by wind, and salt and sun. By the time we arrive at a place called Möwe Bay, I suspect I have aged by at least 100 years, if not more.
There are a few vestiges of life here: a small cluster of shacks and a vast whale’s jawbone sticking out of the sand. There’s a weather station, a park ranger and a policeman. Best of all, though, is a wonderful tiny museum dedicated to a collection of objects washed up on the coast. Remnants of shipwrecks and plane crashes, an elephant’s skull, a rhino’s skull, a human skull, a tiny baby shark in a jar of formaldehyde and a collection of beetles and insects in wooden display cases.
©Olwen Evans
A shipwreck washed up on the Skeleton Coast
A yellowing copy of The Citizen from 1981 recounts how “three civilian pilots and their aircraft have disappeared over the sinister coast”. To be lost along the Skeleton Coast, it says, “could easily mean death by thirst or starvation”. Unless you come with a guide and a Toyota Land Cruiser.
We walk along the beach, over patches of purple sand – tiny shards of garnet – to the rusting wreck of a fishing trawler, where in one of the loneliest spots on earth, we have chilled white wine and five different types of salad served on a white-clothed table with proper silverware.
We fly back: a 15 minute hop in the motorbike with wings, the pilot swooping us low over the storybook oasis we’d visited en route – an impossible pool of startlingly clear blue water surrounded by stark dunes. Later that night we eat like carnivorous desert predators: great hunks of beef and kudu fillet, impeccably cooked rather than torn from limb to limb, and sit around the campfire under the alien southern stars.
Two days later, I’m forced to wrench myself away and head even further north, to Serra Cafema, another camp operated by Hoanib’s owners, Wilderness Safaris. It’s a place of such huge vistas that my eyes can’t quite take it in. Just getting from the airstrip to the camp is perhaps the most scenic drive of my life. We travel along the Hartmann Valley, a vast amphitheatre of rock and dunes and I keep having to remind myself: it’s the airport transfer. Finally, we plunge over an escarpment to find a river a miraculous shade of green, fringed by almost jungle-like foliage.
On the far bank, 20 metres away, is Angola and at night, shining a torch reveals the reflected eyes of crocodiles all around. It’s an astonishing, not-quite-of-this-earth landscape, its beauty, like a supermodel’s, almost too much to bear. And, somehow, I don’t fall for it in the way that I did Hoanib. The camp is older and more established; more commercial. It feeds off its expensive looks. I feel distinct unease when I’m taken out to “meet” some Himba villagers – desert nomads whose ancient culture and lifestyle have been preserved by isolation, but who now earn tourist dollars as exotic anthropological extras.
It’s a capitalist exchange that reminds me too much of home. And even while I’m there, it’s the scrubby borderlands of Hoanib that my mind returns to. A hostile place on the very edge of the world where life felt strange and precarious; where the line between life and death was hazy and negotiated; where you adapt or die.
Details
Carole Cadwalladr was a guest of Safari Consultants ( safari-consultants.com ), which offers an eight-night trip combining three nights at Hoanib with three nights at Serra Cafema and two nights in Windhoek from £3,790, including light aircraft transfers and all meals and drinks at Hoanib and Serra Cafema. Flights from London would add £1,350.
Photographs: Olwen Evans; Flip Stander
Slideshow photographs: Dana Allen; Flip Stander; Olwen Evans
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Kerala: Ten government college students suspended for organising  hug of lovePrint
Written by Shaju Philip | Thiruvananthapuram | Posted: November 8, 2014 10:07 pm
Ten students of a government college in Kochi have been suspended for 10 days after they organised “hug of love” to express solidarity with the recently conducted “kiss of love”.
Sources at Maharaja’s College said the principal had not granted consent for the event. Principal T V Francis had warned the students that they would face disciplinary action if they went ahead with the event. However, the students, including three girls, held “hug of love” in the campus. Police was informed about the programme, but they did not intervene.
The suspension was on charges of indecent behavior in the campus. All the ten students were not issued suspension orders as Saturday was a holiday.
Organisers of the “Kiss of love” said the disciplinary action against the students could not be justified. One of the organizers, Rahul Pasupalan said the students would be supported with legal assistance to fight the suspension.

Ukraine accuses Russia of sending dozens of tanksPrint
By: Associated Press | Kiev (ukraine) | Posted: November 8, 2014 11:33 am
Ukraine on Friday accused Russia of sending dozens of tanks and other heavy weapons into rebel-controlled eastern regions and said five servicemen were killed in clashes with the rebels.
Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council spokesman Andriy Lysenko said at least 32 tanks, 16 artillery systems and 30 trucks loaded with fighters and ammunition had crossed into eastern Ukraine from Russia. He said three mobile radar units loaded on trucks also came over the border from Russia.
Lysenko provided no specific evidence and it wasn’t immediately clear how his agency had obtained the information, since parts of Ukraine’s eastern border with Russia have been under rebel control since August.
Ukraine and the West have continuously accused Moscow of fueling a pro-Russian rebellion in eastern Ukraine with troops and weapons. Russia denies those accusations.
Russia’s Defense Ministry had no immediate comment on Lysenko’s statement, but earlier Friday it rejected Western allegations that Moscow was deploying more troops near the border.
NATO had no immediate confirmation on the latest Ukrainian report.
“We are aware of the reports of Russian troops and tanks crossing the border between Ukraine and Russia and are looking into these reports,” said a NATO military officer, who spoke on condition of anonymity because he wasn’t authorized to talk to the media.
“If this crossing into Ukraine is confirmed, it would be further evidence of Russia’s aggression and direct involvement in destabilizing Ukraine,” the officer added.
He said the alliance had seen “a recent increase in Russian troops and equipment along the eastern border of Ukraine.”
In Washington, State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the movement “if confirmed … would be another blatant violation of the Minsk agreement,” referring to the Sept. 5 pact between Russia, Ukraine and the separatists on a cease-fire and the pullback of heavy weaponry.
In Beijing, US Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov met Saturday on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation conference for what was expected to be a discussion about the unrest in eastern Ukraine. Asked if Russia still respects the legitimacy of the cease-fire agreement, Lavrov said it is for the “rebels and the government” of Ukraine to finalize a disengagement line _ a process that he said is continuing.
Lavrov refused to comment when asked if Russia is sending tanks and troops into Ukraine.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel expressed “deep concern” about the reports of Russian troop movements and spoke by phone Friday with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko.
According to his office, Poroshenko told Merkel the Sept. 5 truce is being increasingly flouted and complained that Russia had dispatched another humanitarian convoy into Ukraine’s rebel-held regions without prior inspection by Ukrainian border officials or coordination with the International Committee of the Red Cross.
Russia’s relations with the West have plunged to their lowest point since the Cold War over Moscow’s annexation of Crimea and its support for the insurgency in the east. The United States and the European Union have slapped sanctions on Moscow, one of the reasons the value of the Russian ruble has plunged more than continued…

Live Cricket Score  India vs Sri Lanka  3rd ODIPrint
Delhi Dashers: Shikhar Dhawan and Virat Kohli were the star performers with the bat for India (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | Hyderabad | Posted: November 9, 2014 10:42 am | Updated: November 9, 2014 9:48 pm
Clinical India notched up another resounding win to humble a hapless Sri Lankan side by six wickets and clinch the five-match series in the third One-Day International.
SCORECARD: India vs Sri Lanka
If the bowlers, led by Umesh Yadav (4-53) and Axar Patel (3-40), set up the win by restricting the visitors to 242 all out on a good batting track, then the Shikhar Dhawan (91 off 79 balls) inspired batting line-up did its job to make the opponents look ordinary yet again.
By virtue of this win India took an unassailable 3-0 lead in the five-match series. The next ODI between the two sides will be played at Kolkata on Thursday.
Earlier in overcast conditions, Mahela Jayawardene struck a fluent century to wage a lone battle as the Islanders managed a respectable score of 242 all out in 48.2 overs after being reduced to seven for two and 158 for seven.
In reply, India capitalised on a 62-run opening stand between Ajinkya Rahane (31) and Dhawan and skipper Virat Kohli’s sublime 53 to canter to their target in 44.1 overs at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium at Uppal.
Rahane was finally scalped by Thisara Perera in the 12th over after the opener tried to fiddle with a rising delivery, giving away a simple catch at first slip.
Dhawan carried on the good work alongwith with last match centurion Ambati Rayudu (35) as the duo stitched another 69-run partnership to put the hosts in a comfortable position.
The left-handed Dhawan reached his 2000-run mark in ODIs at the start of the 23rd over and soon hit a six to register his 11th fifty.
Rayudu though lost his wicket post a silly-looking mix up when the former Hyderabad player was left stranded at the non-strikers end as an Angelo Mathews and Kumar Sangakkara combination did the rest.
But Dhawan (283 runs in 3 innings) continued to be the top-scorer in the series so far as the left-hander enthralled the crowd with eight fours and a six to make India’s win look like a stroll in the park.
Skipper Kohli (53 runs – 32nd ODI fifty) also joined the party to ably guide the Men in Blue in Mahendra Singh Dhoni’s absence.
The Delhi dasher, who became the fastest player to register 6000 runs in 144 ODIs, played to the galleries after displaying a few wristy flicks that brought memories of VVS Laxman back in the minds of one and all.
India took the batting powerplay come the 33rd over as Dhawan-Kohli combination managed a 70-run stand to help hasten the proceedings.
Dhawan was finally caught behind off Nuwan Kulasekara in what seemd like an umpiring misjudgment as from the replays one could only see the ball brushing the helmet en route to the wicketkeeper.
Kohli also departed while trying to heave a six but was caught at long-on off Tillakaratne Dilshan.
Wicketkeeper-batsman Wriddhiman Saha (6) hit the winning runs with a boundary as Suresh Raina (18) was at the non-strikers end.
Earlier, pace spearhead Umesh Yadav drew the first blood after getting continued…

The virtue of inclusivenessUpdated: November 8, 2014 01:29 IST
The virtue of inclusiveness
government
The new Maharashtra and Haryana Assemblies have only 12 Muslim MLAs between them and no Muslim Minister. The number of Muslim Ministers in nine major BJP-ruled States thus remain just one. The non-BJP-ruled States do better, the share of Muslim legislators and Ministers being much closer to their share in the population, but some Congress-ruled States like Uttarakhand too have no Muslim Minister. On the back of a General Election that swept the BJP to power but produced a Parliament with the lowest proportion of Muslim MPs in over 50 years, this is cause for concern. Undoubtedly, this has to do with the communalisation of political parties, but it is also about the communalisation of voters. Under the first-past-the-post system, Muslims are now likely to win only from constituencies with an unusually large Muslim population. In the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the likelihood of a Muslim winning dropped, falling to just 1 per cent in constituencies where Muslims formed less than 20 per cent of the population. Political parties breed and then react to this communalisation, responding by nominating ever fewer Muslims from constituencies where they are not in sufficient numbers for reasons of “winnability”. Following the BJP’s sweep in Uttar Pradesh in May despite nominating no Muslim, the Samajwadi Party, which has nominated more Muslim candidates than any other national party over the last 50 years, reduced the number of tickets given to Muslims in the recent by-elections in Uttar Pradesh.
But Muslims being in positions of power does not necessarily ensure development outcomes for Muslims, the argument goes. However, the dignity of political representation and high office is not only a means to an end; it is an end in itself too. Moreover, while political representation is certainly not the only mode of development, the Rajinder Sachar Committee Report recommended it as one of the solutions to the disproportionate educational and economic backwardness of Muslims. The century-old fight of backward class empowerment movements and political parties to gain political representation in the southern States led to a situation where backward classes in Tamil Nadu and Kerala today have better development indicators than upper castes have in some northern States; political empowerment matters. Some dismiss these findings as a legitimate concern for a democracy, subscribing to what the late Professor Iqbal Ansari called a sort of “political Darwinism”. By this same token, he wrote, concerns about the representation of women in politics would be dismissed as sexism. Expecting the legislatures to represent its diversity more fairly is not tokenism; it’s what inclusive democracy truly looks like, as opposed to majoritarianism.

Lee denies cheating  hopes to clear nameKuala Lumpur, November 9, 2014
Updated: November 9, 2014 07:11 IST
Lee denies cheating, hopes to clear name
Reuters
badminton
Badminton world number one Lee Chong Wei has denied cheating or relying on banned substances despite failing a doping test that could lead to a two-year ban.
The Badminton Association of Malaysia confirmed that one of their players had tested positive for the banned steroid dexamethasone but withheld the individual's identity.
However, the 32-year-old Lee posted messages on his official Twitter and Facebook accounts thanking fans for their support and denying using drugs to gain an advantage.
“I just want to thank every one of you who had faith in me through this difficult times. There are so many unanswered questions and I hope to clear my name soon,” he wrote.
“I never cheated nor will I ever rely on banned substances.”
Lee also posted a link to an interview with a Malaysian sports blogger entitled “My story by Lee Chong Wei”, in which he spoke of his devastation at the positive test.
Malaysia's best-known sportsman, Lee travelled to Oslo last week to have his “B” sample tested after the initial sample showed signs of the steroid, which is used to treat inflammatory conditions.
The samples were taken at the world championships in Denmark in August, where Lee finished runner-up in the men's singles for the third time.
Under the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) code a first doping offence carries a two-year ban, which would rule him out of the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Lee said in April he intended to play on until the 2016 Games in the hope he would finally win a gold medal to go with the silvers from Beijing in 2008 and London four years later.
He is now also likely to at the very least lose the silver medal he won at this year's world championships.

Xiaomi to raise $1.5 bn in latest funding bo...Apple
(The company which has dominated…)
BEIJING: Xioami, currently the world's third-largest smartphone maker, is now planning to raise about $1.5 billion in its fifth round of financing, media reports said.
The company which has dominated China's smartphone market is talking to investors and banks to roughly raise about $1.5 billion, which would be the largest investment (excluding IPO) raised by any Chinese company backed by venture capital , financial news website Jiemian of the Shanghai United Media Group reported.
"Xiaomi shipped 18 million smartphones in the third quarter, an increase of 18 percent from the previous quarter. For the first nine months, Xiaomi, whose name means "millet" in Chinese, shipped a total of 44 million units, Xiaomi founder and CEO Lei Jun said.
Xiaomi, currently the world's third-largest smartphone maker after Samsung and Apple , will use $1 billion to expand its own TV content for which they have hired Chen Tong , former editor-in-chief of popular news portal Sina.com , to revamp its Internet video business, Xinhua news agency reported.
One of the investors is said to be DST Global, a London-based investment firm that focuses on Internet companies, Jiemian reported.
"Xiaomi, one of the large Chinese technology companies, valued at $50 billion would tap the IPO market next year," Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post reported.
The company is seen by investors as the most likely candidate to become the next "Chinese IT legend" after Alibaba, which completed a $25 billion IPO in the United States in September.
According to International Data Corporation , Xiaomi's global market share stood at 5.3 per cent, following Samsung's 23.8 per cent and Apple's 12 per cent in the third quarter of this year, bringing it on number 3 position onto the list of top 5 manufacturers for the first time.
Xiaomi was founded in April 2010 by Lei and his friends in Zhongguancun, Beijing's technology hub, which has been called China's Silicon Valley , their first smartphone debuted on August 16, 2011.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Few nations can t go ahead without solving ...Commerce and Industry Minister
(India made it clear that…)
NEW DELHI: India today made it clear that a few nations cannot move ahead with WTO trade pact without resolving the crucial food security issue and the matter needs consensus.
WTO Director General Roberto Azevedo recently said some some members were seeking implementation of the trade facilitation agreement (TFA) as a plurilateral pact as part of the three alternatives to end the impasse over food security.
"Decisions are to be taken on a consensus basis. You are not going to isolate any one decision or any one country and say Oh my God, you are not agreeing, forget it you can be where you are, we are moving ahead, (it ) cannot happen.
"Nothing is agreed till everything is agreed is a principle which drives the WTO. How could you then isolate trade facilitation...all of us want to have trade facilitation. How could you just prioritise that," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said here.
India is not "obstructionist" and is only asking the WTO to follow the principle that 'nothing is agreed till everything is agreed', she said at India Global Forum.
India had made it clear that it would not ratify the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), a pact that eases global custom norms, until a permanent solution was found on the food subsidy issue.
Sitharaman said since the Uruguay Round of WTO, subsidies to farmers given by the US and the EU were never came on the table for discussion.
"...some subsidies are being given and they are never called subsidies and never brought on the table," she said, adding that "there was a distortion and an imperfection in the Bali agreement and that imperfection hurts our duty as a government which has to take care of its people".
The minister said that India did not want to re-negotiate the whole thing again, but the WTO should understand the case which New Delhi is presenting.
"We are with you on the TFA, we want to go ahead on that, but be sure that you understand the case which we are bringing in because otherwise we have western economies also come back and lecture us on 'Oh starving millions in India and government does not take care of them'. No, we want no such lectures, we will take care of starving Indians.
"But therefore please extend the peace clause and find us a permanent solution. Do not make us wait till 2017. These are legitimate demands," she added.
India had asked WTO to amend the norms for calculating agri subsidies so that the country could continue to procure foodgrains from farmers at minimum support price and sell them to poor at cheaper rates without violating the WTO norms.
The current WTO norms limit the value of food subsidies at 10 per cent of the total value of foodgrain production. However, the quantum of subsidy is computed after taking into consideration prices that prevailed two decades ago.
There are apprehensions that once India would fully implement its food security programme it may breach the cap.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australia beat South Africa by 2 wickets in last T20I  win series2-1Print
By: Reuters | Sydney | Posted: November 9, 2014 6:18 pm
Cameron White scored an unbeaten 41 and steered Australia to a dramatic two-wicket victory over South Africa on the penultimate ball of the match to clinch the Twenty20 international series 2-1 on Sunday.
The hosts needed three runs from the last over to reach their target of 146 and White, despite losing partner Sean Abbott and almost his own wicket in an attempted run out, held his nerve to deliver with a rushed single.
After the side that batted second dominated the first two matches in Adelaide and Melbourne, Australia captain Aaron Finch opted to field first when he won the toss at the Olympic Stadium.
Initially it did not look like an astute move as openers Quinton de Kock (48) and Reeza Hendricks (49) put on 75 runs for the first wicket as the Proteas raced to 84 for one in their first 10 overs.
With all rounder James Faulkner (3-28) to the fore, however, the Australian bowlers upped their game in the second half of the innings and restricted South Africa to what looked like a below par 145 for six.
Finch led from the front and started the run chase at a canter, firing 33 off 25 balls before pulling a Marchant de Lange delivery straight to David Wiese at backward square leg.
Ben Dunk (14), Nic Maddinson (4) and Shane Watson (5) followed quickly and the hosts were off the pace on 76 for four at the halfway mark of their innings.
Glenn Maxwell upped the scoring rate in a 15-ball cameo for 23 runs that featured a huge six, a reverse paddle and a reverse sweep for four before a big heave to deep midwicket was caught by Hendricks.
That gave experienced left-arm spinner Robin Petersen (3-28) his third wicket but White soon picked up the pace and held down one end to steer Australia to victory.

Suresh Prabhu joins BJP | Union Cabinet expanded | HighlightsYou are here: Home > Collections > Bjp
Suresh Prabhu joins BJP after being sworn in as Cabinet minister in Modi government
PTI Nov 9, 2014, 06.01PM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Prabhu, who was Power Minister…)
NEW DELHI: Former Shiv Sena leader Suresh Prabhu today formally joined the BJP before being sworn in as Cabinet Minister in the first expansion of the Narendra Modi government .
Prabhu, who was Power Minister in the Atal Behari Vajpayee-led previous NDA government, received the party's primary membership in the morning and was welcomed by senior party leaders.
The 61-year-old banker-politician was a Shiv Sena leader and joins at a time when there is simmering tension between the Sena and the BJP amid talk that Uddhav Thackeray will pull his party out of the government at the Centre and play the role of opposition in Maharashtra.
Prabhu has been appointed as Modi's 'sherpa' to assist the Prime Minister at the upcoming G20 summit in Brisbane.
During Vajpayee's tenure from 1998 to 2004, Prabhu was Industry Minister, Minister of Environment and Forests, Minister of Fertilizers & Chemicals, Power, Heavy Industry and Public Enterprises.
Prabhu has represented the Rajapur Lok Sabha constituency in Konkan four times, from 1996 to 2009. He lost his seat in the 2009 general election. This is the same constituency which late Janata Party leader Madhu Dandavate had represented.
Prabhu's decision to call off his visit to Wharton School as a mark of protest against the cancellation of Modi's keynote address at the Wharton India Economic Forum 2013 won him accolades from BJP.
Later in the day, Congress leader Karan Singh's younger son Ajatshatru Singh joined the BJP in the presence of BJP chief Amit Shah. The grandson of Jammu's erstwhile king Maharaja Hari Singh joins the BJP ahead of assembly elections in the state starting November 25 and may contest from Nagrota.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India register historic 3-1 hockey series win againstAustraliaAkashdeep scored the first goal for India from the back of a penalty corner in the 13th minute. (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | Perth | Posted: November 9, 2014 6:43 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 3:22 am
Akashdeep Singh scored twice as Indian men’s hockey team stunned world champions Australia 3-1 in the fourth and final Test to register a historic 3-1 series win over the mighty Kookaburras in their home soil in Perth on Sunday. This is the first time that India have beaten Australia in a bilateral series. Prior to this series, the two countries have played five Test series in the past, with Australia winning thrice and one ending in a draw.
India had beaten Australia 1-0 on Saturday to go 2-1 up in the series and Akashdeep pumped in two field goals in the 13th and 43rd minutes for the visitors, while S K Uthappa (53rd) scored once as the visitors completed a hat-trick of wins. Australia’s lone goal was scored by Tom Craig (36th).
The Australians had fielded an experimental side in the four-match series but they still boasted of nearly a dozen players from their World Cup squad, including six players with 100 international appearances. However, their five key players – Jamie Dwyer, Mark Knowles, Joel Carroll, Kieran Govers and Matthew Butturini – are out with long-term injuries and will miss next month’s Champions Trophy as well.
With the 2016 Rio Olympics as his major target, Graham Reid, who has succeeded Ric Charlesworth, is hoping to add greater depth to the talent pool for the Kookaburras, who have already won both the World Cup and Commonwealth Games titles this year.
Even India coach Terry Walsh decided to experiment with the combinations during the tournament, giving rest to players during the course of the four-match series. Sardar, who was benched for Saturday’s game, returned to the side on Sunday to earn his 200th international cap.
India broke the deadlock in the 13 minute, with an opportunistic goal from Akashdeep who scored from a rebound after VR Raghunath’s flick from a penalty corner was saved by the Australian goalkeeper. India managed to hold on to the lead till the 35th minute before Tom Craig equalised.
The Indians started the third quarter on an aggressive note and their efforts bore fruit when they extended their lead in the 43rd minute through yet another field effort from Akashdeep, who guided home a Kothajit Singh pass. Australia tried hard but India looked the better team on display and made the scoreline 3-1 with Uthappa scoring a brilliant field goal for the Indians. The hosts pressed hard for goals in the last five minutes but Indian goalkeeper PR Sreejesh stood tall to deny any danger.
After losing the first game, India came back to win three games on the trot to seal one of their most memorable series wins. The visitors had been thrashed 0-4 in the first game, but they made a strong continued…

Osama bin Laden  died afraid : ex-US Navy SEALAbbottabad Pakistan
(Osma bin Laden "died afraid",…)
WASHINGTON: Osma bin Laden "died afraid", says a former US Navy SEAL who claims he fired the fatal shot that killed the al Qaeda chief in Pakistan in 2011.
"He died afraid, and he knew we were there to kill him. And that's closure," Robert O'Neill says.
His decision to go public last week attracted scorn from serving and former Navy Seals, with some suggesting that another member of the elite Seal Team Six was responsible for the delivering the final shots that brought an end to the al- Qaeda chief's reign of terror during a Naval special forces raid on his compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan, in May 2011.
But O'Neill says he does not care if people believe him. "The most important thing that I've learned in the last two years is to me it doesn't matter anymore if I am 'The Shooter.' The team got him," he said in an audio interview quoted by CNN .
The killing of bin Laden will go down in history, O'Neill said. "But I don't care if I'm 'The Shooter,' and there are people who think I'm not. So whatever."
The audio interview follows an interview published this week in The Washington Post, in which O'Neill, 38, publicly identified himself as the SEAL who killed bin Laden.
O'Neill told the Post that other SEAL team members were involved in the raid, including Matt Bissonnette , who detailed the group's experiences in his memoir, "No Easy Day," written under the pseudonym Mark Owen .
O'Neill, who had been serving as a SEAL for 15 years at the time of the bin Laden raid, had participated in other missions, but he said he feared this mission would be his most difficult.
He and other team members believed they would not return alive from the mission to get bin Laden.
"Well, you have to go pump yourself up to go die. So we would talk about this," O'Neill said.
"...(It was a) group of guys who knew time on Earth was up, so you could be honest with each other. And we all accepted and nobody was afraid. It was really cool."
O'Neill's move to go public is a controversial one, as it violated an unspoken military rule: Don't seek attention for your service.
In the audio interview, O'Neill says he believes some details about the bin Laden mission, such as how he was killed, were no longer classified because they had been repeatedly leaked in the aftermath by high-level officials.
"Once anyone says anything at that level, it's not classified," he said.
23 SEALs and their interpreter launched the assault on the bin Laden compound on May 2, 2011. They shot and killed bin Laden's two bodyguards, one of bin Laden's sons and the wife of one of the bodyguards. They also wounded two other women.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gujarat Governor signs controversial bill on compulsory voting in local bodyelectionsO P Kohli
By: Express News Service | Gandhinagar | Posted: November 9, 2014 7:07 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 12:33 pm
Gujarat Governor O P Kohli recently signed the controversial Gujarat Local Authorities Laws Bill, 2009, which has the provisions of compulsory voting and 50 per cent reservation for women in the institutions of local self-governance. Once the Act comes into effect, Gujarat will be the first state to have the provision of compulsory voting.
Secretary of Gujarat Assembly D M Patel said the Governor signed the Bill a few days back and it has been sent to the Legislation Department of the government.
Meanwhile, sources in the Legislation Department said the Bill had the provision that the government would issue notification as and when it felt fit to come out with various additional provisions to implement the law, like the punishment for the voter who does not go for voting.
“These notifications will be issued by the government now in due course,” the sources said.
The Bill encompasses municipal corporations, municipalities and the district, taluka and village panchayats of Gujarat. Elections to six municipal corporations, 31 district panchayats, 231 taluka panchayats and 53 nagarpalikas in Gujarat are due in October next year.
The Bill, which was passed twice by the Gujarat government led by the then chief minister Narendra Modi, had faced stiff resistance from former governor Kamla Beniwal on the ground that forcing voters to compulsorily vote violates Article 21 of the Constitution.
The Bill provides that a person, who does not vote in the local body polls, will be liable for penal action and punishment. The Bill was first introduced in the Assembly in December 2009 and passed by a majority vote.
It was, however, returned by Beniwal in April 2010 with remarks that “forcing voter to vote is against the principles of individual liberty”. Beniwal had returned the Bill to the government for reconsideration with her comments.
Beniwal had also asked the government to separate issue of women’s reservation in local body polls from the compulsory voting one.
However, ignoring Beniwal’s suggestions, the then Modi government had once again passed the Bill on December 28, 2011 by a majority vote in the Assembly and sent it to Beniwal. The Bill was also made a part of the poll agenda by the BJP during the Assembly and Lok Sabha polls.

Mumbai register narrowwinShardul Thakur (3/39) polished off the top order and helped Mumbai defend a low total (Source: Express File)
By: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 9, 2014 6:51 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 7:04 pm
Paceman Shardul Thakur and off-spinner Akhil Herwadkar shared six wickets between them as Mumbai eked out a narrow four-run win over Baroda in their West Zone match in the Vijay Hazare trophy.
Thakur (3/39) polished off the top order while Herwadkar ran away with the lower order as Mumbai successfully defended a modest total of 201, bundling out the rivals for 197 in 47.1 overs at Sardar Patel Stadium C Ground.
Baroda did everything right after winning the toss as the bowlers did a tremendous job by skittling out Mumbai for a very manageable total.
Baroda off-spinner Deepak Hooda wreaked havoc with a five-for, breaking the back of the Mumbai batting order. Sarfraz Khan top scored for Mumbai with his unbeaten 41-run knock while Mumbai skipper Suryakumar Yadav contributed 40 runs. However, Yadav and veteran Wasim Jaffer (37) could not convert their knocks into big ones.
Aditya Waghmode did a fantastic job for Baroda, coming up with a 69-run knock before being caught off Thakur. However the other batsmen failed to resist the rival attack and only Deepak Hooda offered some fight, batting at number six. He scored 41 but once he was dismissed, Baroda innings fell apart.
Brief Scores: 
Mumbai: 210 all out in 45.3 overs.(S Khan 41 not out, S Yadav 40; D Hooda 5/55).
Baroda: 197 all out in 47.1 overs(A Waghmode 69, D Hooda 41; S Thakur 3/39, A Herwadkar 3/29).
Rituraj shines on Jharkhand debut
Former Rajasthan medium pacer Rituraj Singh grabbed five wickets on his debut for Jharkhand as they comfortably thrashed minnows Tripura by eight wickets in an east zone leg match of the Vijay Hazare Trophy One Day meet.
Batting first, Tripura scored 173 in 48.3 overs with Rituraj taking 5 for 34 in 9.3 overs while India A bowler Rahul Shukla took two for 25.
For Tripura, their outstation professional Rakesh Solanki scored 63 off 106 balls with Nirupam Sen Chowdhury (42) adding 87 runs for the sixth wicket stand after they were reeling at 30 for five.
In reply, Jharkhand scored the runs in only 33.3 overs with 16-year-old schoolboy Virat Singh (86 not out) scoring bulk of the runs in a 81-run-partnership for the second wicket with Ishan Kishan.
Brief Scores: Tripura 173 in 48.3 overs (Rakesh Solanki 63, Rituraj Singh 5/34). Jharkhand 178/2 in 33.3 overs (Virat Singh 86 no, Kumar Deobrat 48 no, Rana Dutta 1/31). Jharkhand won by 8 wickets.
Gujarat beat Maharashtra by five wickets
All-rounder Jesal Karia’s power-packed performance helped Gujarat beat Maharashtra by five wickets in a west zone leg match.
Batting first, Maharashtra scored 266 for nine in 50 overs with the two Nikhils — Naik and Paradkar contributing 64 and 41, respectively. Rohit Motwani scored 40 as Karia took two for 44 with his off-breaks. India A batsman Kedar Jadhav scored 17 while Ankit Bawne managed only 7.
In reply, it was Karia, who smacked 56 off 25 balls with seven boundaries and two sixes as Gujarat clinched the match in 48.1 overs. This was after Smit Patel (61) and Parthiv Patel (45) added continued…

Land Acquisition Act to be amended even without Oppositions support: ArunJaitleyPrint
Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley addressing the launch of World Economic Forum's India Economic Summit in New Delhi on Wednesday. (Source: PTI photo)
Written by Shruti Srivastava | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 6:42 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 9:04 am
Finance minister Arun Jaitley said on Sunday that the government will amend the stringent land acquisition law, even without the support of the opposition.
In a speech here, hours ahead of the Cabinet reshuffle exercise, Jaitley also expressed hope that reforms, including the passage of long-pending Insurance Laws Amendment Bill that seeks to raise the FDI cap in the sector to 49 per cent, and the new indirect tax regime, Goods and Services Tax, will be rolled out in the coming months.
“Some changes may be necessary. We will first try to reach a consensus and if that is not possible we will go ahead and take the decision… We have opened up investments in various sectors. I do hope this (Winter) session I will be able to pass the Insurance Bill,” he said at the India Global Forum meeting here.
The Land Acquisition Act was passed during the previous UPA regime with the then opposition BJP supported it in Parliament. The Act provides for “fair compensation” for acquiring farm land for industrial projects. However, states and corporate have been demanding a relaxation in the law as, they argue, it has made acquisition very difficult and has hurt the process of acquiring land for infrastructure projects.
The minister said that the “obstacles” will have to be first removed in order to implement the concept of smart cities in India.
Further, promising a rational, non ultra-aggressive tax policy to make India a global manufacturing hub the minister said that the main challenge facing the country is restoring the confidence of investors in India’s economy.
“Economy was and is in a challenging situation and one of the principal challenges before us is to restore the confidence… expand economic activity and move towards increasing the growth rate… growth rate next year will be a little better and if the trend continues, India can be on high growth trajectory soon,” the finance minister added. Pointing out that the government’s disinvestment programme will unfold in the next couple of days, Jaitley said the Centre is aiming at bringing down its equity in public sector banks to 52 per cent.
Further, on the roll out of the GST, touted as the government’s most ambitious tax reform, he said that the Centre was in the final stages of talks with states on the issue and hinted that the Constitution Amendment Bill for introducing GST may be introduced in the upcoming session, which begins on November 24. “I do hope that my friends in the Opposition parties, particularly the principle Opposition, after a wasted opportunity when they were in government, spend a more fruitful tenure when they are in Opposition,” Jaitley added.

Modi s Cabinet leaner than UPA and previous NDA | View: A full deck of cardsYou are here: Home > Collections > Ministers
Narendra Modi's Cabinet leaner than UPA and previous NDA
PTI Nov 9, 2014, 07.01PM IST
Tags:
Manmohan Singh
(The Modi ministry has now…)
NEW DELHI: The big expansion of his Council of Ministers by Prime Minister Narendra Modi today has taken the number of ministers to 66 but it is still leaner than those headed by Manmohan Singh and Atal Bihari Vajpayee before him.
The strength of Singh's UPA ministry stood at 78 after its final reshuffle in October 2012 while the previous NDA government led by Vajpayee started with a lean 56-member ministry but was expanded up to nearly 88 ministers.
The Modi ministry has now 27 members, including the Prime Minister, of Cabinet rank, 13 Ministers of State with Independent Charge and and 26 Ministers of State.
Singh's ministry had 33 ministers of Cabinet rank, 12 MoS with Independent Charge and 33 others as MoS.
The UPA-II government had started with 78 ministers but its strength went down following the withdrawal of support from TMC and death and resignation of some ministers. However, after the final reshuffle in October 2012, the cabinet was expanded to its original strength.
The Vajpayee government started with 26 ministers of Cabinet rank, eight MoS with Independent Charge and 22 MoS but its ranks swelled along the way to reach 88.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Conference on climate change begins in NepalInternational conference on climate change begins in Nepal
PTI Nov 9, 2014, 06.49PM IST
Tags:
David Molden
(The conference on climate…)
KATHMANDU: An international conference on climate change began here today with the participation of more than 200 scientists, policy makers, government officials and parliamentarians from countries including India.
The four-day conference on "Mountain People Adapting to Change" is being organised with the goal of exploring holistic solutions for adaptation to change in the Hindu Kush Himalaya region.
"Mountain people are experiencing change in an unprecedented rate due to climate change and we are having its impacts on the glaciers, eco-system and on livelihood," Director General of International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development (ICIMOD), David Molden said in his inaugural remarks.
"The mountains are clearly the global resources and the Hindu Kush Himalayas, also known as the Third Pole or the Water Towers of Asia holds about 6,000 cubic km of water, that is enough to irrigate the entire earth for two years," he said.
He also expressed hope that the outcome of the conference will contribute to the climate change agenda in the forthcoming SAARC Summit being organised in Kathmandu and the United Nations Convention of Climate Change in future.
"We consider this conference as an opportunity for further learning, sharing and broadening our knowledge on the problems and opportunities of climate change in the mountain region vis-a-vis developing common voice and platform as also developing simple and effective solutions to address the climate change challenges," Secretary in the Ministry of Science and Technology, Government of Nepal , K C Poudyal said.
The climate change agenda has become more relevant to investors, private sector and development planners than to scientists and experts as private sector is losing money due to floods, draughts and landslides in the recent period, Vice Chair, National Planning Commission, G R Pokharel said.
Floods and landslides have caused huge damage over the past 4-5 years in Nepal, which are partly caused by climate change, he said.
The conference is being attended by experts, government officials, stakeholders and high dignitaries from India Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan among others.
Hindu Kush Himalayas provide ecosystem services, food security, biodiversity and genetic resources, and livelihoods to more than 210 million people.
The region is a source of water coming from ten of Asia's major river systems for more than 1.3 billion people living in downstream river basins.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shiv Sena to sit in Opposition  threatens to snap ties withBJP"If the BJP is going to take NCP support directly or indirectly then we will sit in the opposition," Thackeray said. (Source: PTI
Written by Zeeshan Shaikh | Mumbai | Posted: November 9, 2014 7:44 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 9:07 pm
In a day of political flipflops by the Shiv Sena which had earlier in the day refrained from taking part in Narendra Modi’s cabinet expansion has said that it is still open to supporting and joining the Bharatiya Janata Party government in Maharashtra. But Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray said that he would support the BJP in the Maharashtra Assembly only if the party guaranteed that it would not take active or latent support of Sharad Pawar’s Nationalist Congress Party.
“An anti national power which is out to finish Hndus in the country has grown in the state. We do not want to the strength of the Hindutva forces to be divided. It was Sharad Pawar who coined the term Saffron terror and his party which said that Ishrat Jahan is not a terrorist. If the BJP is going to take support of the NCP then it will be difficult for us to go along with them,” Shiv Sena President Uddhav Thackeray after a two hour long meeting with party legislators and senior Shiv Sena leaders.
Thackeray also implied that the ball was now in the BJPs court and the party had two more days before the vote of confidence which will be held on November 12 to choose between the BJP and the Shiv Sena.
“If the BJP is going to take NCP support directly or indirectly then we will sit in the opposition,” Thackeray said.
The day had however started off with indications that the Shiv Sena could finally pull the plug on its painful and prolonged power-sharing negotiations with the BJP.
After constant vacillating, the Shiv Sena’s Chief Negotiator and contender for the inclusion in the cabinet expansion Anil Desai had decided to fly to Delhi at 9:30 AM in the Morning. The Shiv Sena leadership claimed that it was hopeful that the BJP would come up with some concrete proposal for power-sharing in Maharashtra which never happened.
Desai landed at the airport at around 12:45 pm but never stepped out of the airport and was called back Uddhav Thackeray to Mumbai. Shiv Sena MP Anandrao Adsul who was accompanying Desai stepped out of the airport and broke the news that the Shiv Sena was not going to be part of the Cabinet expansion.
“I had decided to send Desai to Delhi as I was hopeful that a solution would be found. However we did not get a clear answer from the BJP on the situation in Maharashtra and therefore I decided to call him back. If the BJP had given a clear answer Desai could have taken oath,” Thackeray said.

Ahmed Shehzad puts Pakistan in control on Day1Print
By: Associated Press | Abu Dhabi | Posted: November 9, 2014 7:27 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 3:47 am
Ahmed Shehzad hit a spirited unbeaten century and shared a record-breaking opening stand of 178 with Mohammad Hafeez to steer Pakistan to a commanding 269-1 at stumps on the first day of the first test against New Zealand on Sunday.
Shehzad made the Black Caps pay heavily for a missed stumping on 16 before cruising to 126 off 290 balls, hitting 14 fours after captain Misbah-ul-Haq won his third successive toss and chose to bat.
Azhar Ali, who was also dropped by wicketkeeper BJ Watling on 31, was not out on 46.
Shehzad bettered Pakistan’s 24-year-old record for the first wicket against New Zealand by putting on 178 before Hafeez missed out on his first hundred in over two years. Hafeez was caught and bowled by Corey Anderson for 96 off 137 balls, hitting 10 boundaries.
Former captain Ramiz Raja and Shoaib Mohammad held the previous record when they put on 172 runs against New Zealand at Karachi in 1990.
New Zealand bowlers toiled hard for the entire day on a slow wicket without much reward and on the same venue where Pakistan thrashed Australia by 356 runs only six days ago for a 2-0 victory in the series.
Offspinner Mark Craig created New Zealand’s two chances but Watling fumbled on both occasions in a disappointing opening day of the three-test series for captain Brendon McCullum.
McCullum himself bowled five overs for only six runs in the last session where Pakistan scored 75 after fast bowlers Tim Southee and Trent Boult couldn’t make any impact. The two spinners Ish Sodhi and Craig also proved ineffective after sharing 40 overs between them.
Shehzad raised his third test century of 2014 in the United Arab Emirates off 221 balls by pushing James Neesham to midwicket for a single, hitting 12 fours.
Shehzad had hit hundreds in the drawn series against Sri Lanka earlier this year and also against Australia in the first test last month.
everyone find form
Earlier, Hafeez fulfilled Misbah’s faith in him despite scoring only 48 runs in his three unimpressive innings against Australia. Hafeez, who scored his last test century against Sri Lanka in June 2012, grew in confidence and raised his half century off 81 balls by pulling Southee to midwicket for his fourth boundary in the second session.
Shehzad was more subdued and played out cautiously as he reached his fifty off 148 balls with five fours by guiding legspinner Sodhi for two runs to square leg. However, he then increased the scoring rate and didn’t hesitate to punish loose deliveries, hitting a further six boundaries as Pakistan made 109 in the second session.
McCullum gave lengthy spells to both his spinners, Sodhi and Craig, but it was Anderson’s gentle medium fast bowling that brought the only success.
Earlier, Craig should have got the breakthrough in the first session but Watling missed Shehzad’s stumping with Pakistan on 44 before reaching 85-0 at lunch. Pakistan kept faith in the same team that thrashed Michael Clarke’s men by 356 runs in the second test for its first series victory against Australia in continued…

Indian firms need to create a global brandHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
‘Indian firms need to create a global brand’
Our Bureau
KS Ramesh (left), Convention Chairman, B Santhanam, MD, Saint-Gobain Glass India Ltd, and Ashish Mishra, MD, Interbrand India, at the release of special issue of Business Mandate . - BIJOY GHOSH
Chennai, October 31:  
There are a number of large Indian companies that do business globally but none of them have a global brand. In fact, in the top 100 global brands, there is no Indian company, according to Ashish Mishra, Managing Director, Interbrand India.
The top 100 brand list is led by Apple, and the US alone has 57 companies followed by Germany, France, Japan and Britain. Even China had its entry with Huawei, he said in his keynote address at the 13th MMA All India Management Students’ Convention 2014.
Indian companies need to consider investing in brands as a long term benefit and stop looking at it as a cost. Creating a global brand is a major challenge facing Indian companies even as Interbrand is trying to help some of the large ones become a global brand, he said. Mishra urged companies to look at the five new Ps of the market.
They are pivotal (brands need to take the centre stage in a company), peerless (benchmarking), perception (relevance and drivers), pervasive (consistently available in all touch points) and purpose (to customer), he said.
Make in India
According to B Santhanam, President-Flat Glass, South Asia, Malaysia and Egypt and Managing Director, Saint-Gobain Glass India, and the chief guest at the event, there is a lot of optimism in the market since the new government took over at the Centre, and with the recent launch of the ‘Make in India’’ campaign.
“A year ago I would have said things are not that good. However, now there is clearly an interest and I feel optimistic about the future,” he said.
Notwithstanding the scepticism about the campaign, there is some amount of evidence that things are working and a lot of changes are underway, he said.
However, for the ‘Make in India’ campaign to succeed it is important that companies focus on the four main issues of customers, technology, people and brand. If they keep looking at land and reforms only, they will be left behind, he said.
Santhanam advised students to lay more emphasis on developing their skills. Unlike last year’s gloomy situation, this year’s batch, the students are lucky as there is a lot of opportunity for them, he said.
(This article was published on October 31, 2014)
Related

Index outlook: On a wing and a prayerMarket action is getting irrational. Wait for a correction before making fresh purchases
November 1, 2014:  
The Sensex and the Nifty took wing on Friday and managed to close well above their previous peak. With another holiday-splattered week ahead, trading can be subdued with investors looking at overseas markets for cues.
Friday’s close was extremely upbeat, but it is to be seen if investors are able to keep their optimism high at those pumped-up levels. The first two sessions are therefore critical for determining the near-term outlook.
Traders can stay bullish as long as the Sensex holds above the previous peak of 27,354 and the Nifty above 8,180. Close below these levels will mean that Friday’s rally was a mere flash in the pan.
It was a news-heavy week with both the Federal Reserve and Bank of Japan doing their bit to influence stock prices.
The expiry of the October derivative contracts helped stock prices in Indian markets move higher in the early part of the week.
The shenanigans of the government over the black money stashed abroad by various eminent citizens of the country also kept investors riveted.
But action in global markets over the past month shows that investors are beginning to clutch at straws. This implies that the rally that stretched from 2012 could be nearing its final phase.
Between the third week of September and mid-October this year, most benchmarks sold off sharply on concerns that the US quantitative easing programme would end and the rate hike in the US is imminent.
These losses were wiped off because James Bullard, President of the Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis, expressed an opinion that the US was not ready for the end of quantitative easing.
On Friday, global markets spurted on Japan’s increased stimulus, while there was no reaction to the Fed’s hawkish statement after the FOMC meeting.
While momentum can carry stock prices higher from these levels, it would be best to be on guard. Wait for a sizeable correction before making fresh purchases.
The monthly charts of the Sensex and the Nifty throw up some interesting points.
The doji formation in September, that appeared to be a market peak, has been followed by another bullish candle.
This implies that the rally is far from over and the market will move higher from these levels before letting up.
The momentum indicators in the monthly chart are also continuing to power higher.
Sensex (27,865.8)
The Sensex has closed on a gung-ho note on Friday.
The week ahead: But tread a little cautiously on Monday. That trading session will determine the short-term trend in the index.
If the Sensex continues moving higher and closes on a strong note on Monday, upward targets are 28,032 and then 29,343.
But if the index reverses lower on Monday and closes below 27,000, fresh long positions ought to be avoided. Supports for the index are at 26,880 and 26,230. Short-term trend will reverse lower only on a close below 26,000.
Medium-term trend: It needs to be seen if the Sensex is able to move above 28,000 next week. Inability to do so will mean that the index can consolidate with a positive bias for few months.
If the index manages to power past 28,000, the next medium term target is 29,694.
We retain the key medium-term supports at 25,000 and 24,500.
Nifty (8,322.2)
The Nifty too managed an upbeat close on Friday.
The week ahead: The performance of the index on Monday is critical to determining the short-term trend.
If the index manages a strong close on Monday, the short-term targets for the index would be 8,344 and then 8,728.
Conversely, if the index loses steam on Monday morning and goes on to close below 8,180, it will mean that the index is heading towards 7,723 and 7,540.
Medium term trend: We need to see the action of the Nifty for two more sessions before we can determine if the medium-term uptrend has resumed.
If we assume that the final leg of the move from 5,118 is in progress, the index then has the targets of 8,445 and 8,892.
Key medium-term support stays at 7,300.
Global cues
Global indices recovered strongly in the later part of the week. This helped some indices rise to new life-time peaks and others reverse from their near-term declines.
CBOE Volatility index that rose to 31 in mid-October has once again declined to 14. This shows that investor confidence is once more in an elevated state.
The Dow recorded a new closing high of 17,390. A reversal from here can pull it lower to 16,800 or 16,450 in the upcoming sessions. The short-term view will be threatened only on a close below 16,450.
On the other hand, target on a rally above 17,500 is 18,486.
The rally in the dollar index last week that took it to a multi-year high implies that the index can now head towards the next peak at the level of 89. This rally does not bode well for riskier asset classes including emerging market equities.
(This article was published on November 1, 2014)
Related

Will India ever changeTweet
It’s not easy at all to do business. However, the Government is serious about revamping norms and instilling discipline
In spite of improving on some parameters, India has slipped down two notches in ‘Ease of Doing Business’ from 140 to 142 out of 189 countries in the last World Bank 2014 rankings report. The slide in position is also due to the fact that other countries have improved considerably since 2013.
This wake-up call has provoked the Government to respond that our rankings will improve next year as massive efforts are on to take us to the 50th position in the not so distant future. This is conflated with the ambitious programme of maximising ‘Make in India’.
The secretary in the department of industrial promotion and policy, Amitabh Kant, along with the World Bank, is leading the ‘Make in India’ campaign under the leadership of Nirmala Sitharaman, the dynamic minister. Kant is a hardworking visionary and can make some changes, at least at the Central level. He is also goading the States to carry out reforms.
Structural changes in labour laws, land acquisition laws and environmental laws are on the anvil and moving ahead as fast as they can in our governance system.
Many of the arduous procedures draw their ‘strength’ from the laws and hopefully they will be simplified or rationalised. The devil lies in the details.
In terms of starting business, Single Window Clearance has been adopted by various States. But is it functioning as well as it should? Other ministries hate to surrender their turf. An comparative assessment will help States better their performance.
Similarly, getting an electricity connection or registering properties and so on are State issues. They require a cooperative federalism type of approach to create incentives for States to attract investment. A crucial ingredient is finding the right officer to lead this exercise in each State, otherwise all good intentions will remain on paper. Of course, one needs dynamic chief ministers to goad the babus to change.
Two major issues
That leaves us mainly with two major problems. The first one is getting construction permits from city authorities, which are notorious for their uncooperative, rent-seeking ways. For this, we have among the lowest rankings in the World Bank scale. Changing laws and procedures are not sufficient to deal with the delays. We need a bonus-malus (the return of performance-related compensation upon the discovery of deficient performance) system.
The bonus will help cover the lost rents, while malus will help in fixing responsibility at the right levels. Of course, this is easier said than done, but making an effort in this direction will result in incremental changes and, hopefully, a sustaining impact.
The other major problem is in the judicial system (delay in contract enforcement), which lies beyond the executive’s domain. However, the executive could install ombudsmen to deal with investor grievances or encourage the use of an alternative dispute settlement system so that our choked up courts do not hold up the resolution of disputes.
There is a Central mission to cut down delays in the judicial system but bureaucrats are shy of hurting the sensibilities of judges.
What the Government could do is get senior lawyer-ministers such as Arun Jaitley or Ravi Shankar Prasad to engage our judges to try and improve the system. This is also critical for the common man who has to wait forever to get decisions from the courts. Quite often one sees that engaging in dialogue helps resolve even contentious issues as opposed to sending letters, organising seminars and the like. This again need not be restricted to the Central level but can be mirrored at the State and local levels, too.
Push from the Prime Minister
All these measures need a push from Prime Minister Narendra Modi himself. It also fits in well with his doctrine that India is governed by the Prime Minister and chief ministers of States.
It has to be tackled as part of the rejuvenated cooperative federalism agenda, and there are signs of reviving and restructuring the low profile Inter-State Council. This can address systemic issues, but nuts and bolts will require a radical approach rather than just one champion leading them. Even though the Government is averse to establishing new bodies, it would do well to establish regulatory reform task forces at all levels to be headed by a Cabinet minister. Such a task force can devote its time exclusively to this.
Right now, Amitabh Kant or other bureaucrats have to run their departments with a thousand routine and expedient tasks to attend to, apart from taking on these crucial larger responsibilities. The way forward for such task forces is to undertake regulatory impact analysis and share the results with the public. An enlightened public is often the best change driver.
The writer is the secretary-general of CUTS International
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Crisis looms over Banarasi silkCrisis looms over Banarasi silk
Alok Kumar Rai
A class apart But the industry will fade away without a helping hand
Rather than social sops, what the world’s oldest cottage industry needs is managerial and marketing intervention
The silk industry in Varanasi is almost as old as the world’s oldest living city. It is the world’s most ancient cottage industry, dating back to over 2,500 years. Buddhist literature records that the Buddha’s body was wrapped in the cloth woven at Kashi, now called Varanasi.
It is also the world’s largest cottage industry, covering not only Varanasi but its neighbouring districts of the Purvanchal region, and employing over five lakh people. It is a perfect example of the so-called ‘Ganga-Jamuni tehzeeb’ (Ganga-Jamuna culture), with a rich mix of Hindus and Muslims amongst the weavers.
Despite such strengths, the industry is ailing. People engaged in it are leaving; weavers have become labourers and traders are shifting to other modern forms of businesses. The culture, craft and tradition of Banarasi silk is under threat of extinction.
Struggle to survive
Governments and their institutions have recognised this — but they are not responding to the issues of the industry. Mere piecemeal solutions have been attempted.
At best, these have tried to address specific symptoms and not the root causes of the problem. In the absence of any holistic solution, the industry struggles to survive.
The unorganised structure and the very nature of the business is a huge issue. The industry engages over 5,000 firms in different forms and functions. The size and structure of the industry restricts investments in automation, processing and dying of yarns, finishing, packaging and so on. Poor infrastructure, such as power and roads in the Purvanchal region, has further hit the entire chain, from production to sale.
Besides, there are issues relating to marketing. The industry still follows traditional marketing practices and has been reactive and slow-paced in adopting contemporary fashions and designs to cater to the changing needs of customers. It has shied away from introducing innovations in product forms, design, usage, packaging, selling, texture, colour and so on.
There has also been limited application of modern machines, technology and process in its supply chain. The business has failed to forge alliances with value chain partners.
Business solutions
The Government can play an important role in reviving the future of this industry. Instead of taking a fragmented view of the issues faced by the industry, pertaining to raw material, weavers, electricity, tariff and designs, a rounded perspective is required. This could be addressed by business solutions, and not by social measures.
The conventional governmental model of “solution through expenditure” needs to be replaced by “solution through participation”.
The Government should foster public-private partnership to address the absence of a support system. Ideally, the industry needs a few players in every segment of the entire supply chain.
Different segments such as weaving, dying, design creation, production, value addition, packaging, wholesale marketing, retail marketing, overseas marketing and institutional marketing need to be organised and looked after by specialised agencies in a specialised ‘Banarasi silk’ cluster.
This would not just bring fresh investments into the respective functions, but also infuse specialisation into operations.
This specialisation and investment would also help the industry get away from the duplication of work and bring in more uniformity in the final output in terms of process and quality, ensuring the brand and the goodwill of Banarasi silk products industry is sustained.
The Government needs to step in with the required investment wherever the private sector is unable to do so.
Creating a buzz
Customisation should be the new buzzword for Banarasi silk. The industry, first and foremost, needs to move away from being perceived solely as the ‘Banarasi silk saree’ industry. The dress materials and home furnishings segments are growing faster and offer huge opportunity for the industry. The industry needs to create a fusion with other forms of dressing and make the final product contemporary, thus meeting the requirements of modern youth.
Hiring a brand ambassador, forging strategic alliances, establishing modern and contemporary design centres, establishing packaging and logistics facilities, creating machine and technology support systems, leveraging information technology, providing marketing research, training and consultancy are some of the specific initiatives that would ensure superior and sustained sales.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is also the MP from Varanasi. He has promised action to revive the industry.
But time is running short.
The writer is a professor at the Faculty of Management Studies, Banaras Hindu University
(This article was published on November 6, 2014)
Related

Sinking of Torpedo vessel: Navy orders inquirySinking of Torpedo vessel: Navy orders inquiry
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 7:  
The Navy today ordered a Board of Inquiry into the sinking of a Torpedo Recovery Vessel off the Visakhapatnam coast last night that left a sailor dead.
In view of the incident, Navy Chief Admiral RK Dhowan, who is on a four-day visit to Seychelles till November 9, is cutting short his visit to reach Visakhapatnam, Navy officials said.
While one sailor was killed, four others are still missing in the accident and a search and rescue operation was on to trace them.
Navy officials said the Board of Inquiry will look into the various aspects of the accident and find out what led to the sinking of the 31-year-old vessel.
The vessel had sunk at 8 pm last night while it was on a “routine” mission to recover practice torpedoes fired by fleet ships during a “routine” exercise, a Navy statement had said.
The vessel experienced flooding in one of the compartments, they said.
“One sailor has lost his life during the rescue operation and four personnel are reported missing. Twenty three personnel have been rescued safely by the Search and Rescue (SAR) ships dispatched to the area,” it said.
The ship was built by Goa Shipyard Limited in 1983 and has served the Indian Navy for the last 31 years.
The latest accident is one of the many in the series that the Navy has witnessed over the last year.
Dhowan took over as the Chief of the Naval Staff on April 17 after his predecessor D K Joshi quit in the wake of a series of accidents.
Admiral Joshi’s resignation came immediately after a fire on the INS Sindhuratna, which left two sailors dead.
On October 31, INS Kora suffered minor damage after it was scraped by a merchant vessel near Visakhapatnam.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

Modi expands Cabinet with 21 new MinistersModi does a balancing act
POORNIMA JOSHI
Tweet
Manohar Parrikkar greets President Pranab Mukherjee after being sworn in (TV grab). Photo: PV Sivakumar
The four Cabinet Ministers sworn in on November 9: (clockwise from top left) former Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar, BJP General Secretary J.P. Nadda, Shiv Sena member Suresh Prabhu and Haryana leader Birender Singh. File photo
LK Advani and Amit Shah waiting at Rashtrapathi Bhavan in this TV grab. New Ministers are set to take oath as Modi expands Cabinet. Photo: PV Sivakumar
A mix of regional, political, caste compulsions determines the Cabinet expansion
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
Shiv Sena’s protestations clouded an otherwise classical Cabinet expansion exercise on Sunday that balanced issues of regional and caste representation and contained a mix of technocrats and experienced administrators.
Probably realising that “minimum government and maximum governance” was only serving to overwork certain Ministers, Prime Minister Narendra Modi enlarged his Council of Ministers to a robust 66 members. Professionals and technocrats such as Jayant Sinha and Mahesh Sharma as well as credible leaders with proven administrative records such as Manohar Parrikar and Suresh Prabhu were inducted.
The BJP seemed to have thought through the Shiv Sena tangle given the alacrity with which Suresh Prabhu quit his former party and adopted the ruling dispensation. Prabhu’s induction was not suggested by the Sena, and more a reflection of the Prime Minister and the RSS’s faith in his administrative and professional acumen. The BJP knew in advance that the Sena will react badly to the manner in which Prabhu was being inducted. That is why his transition to the BJP was smoothly arranged as soon as the Sena started reacting on expected lines.
Wide representation
Now plans are reportedly afoot to elevate him to the Rajya Sabha from Haryana. The BJP clearly believes it holds all the cards in Maharashtra and is willing to take the risk of pushing the Sena to the brink. Promoting Suresh Prabhu and refusing to offer a Cabinet berth to Anil Desai is a pointer in this direction.
So, while the Sena continued to fume, celebrations had erupted in the respective houses of the leaders who were elevated to the Cabinet this afternoon. As Rajiv Pratap Rudy pointed out, the Cabinet now has Ministers from regions which were not represented earlier. The Council of Ministers now has JP Nadda from Himachal Pradesh, YS Chowdhary from Andhra Pradesh, Bandaru Dattatreya from Telangana and popular singer Babul Supriyo from West Bengal.
Supriyo’s anointment is, in fact, is a signal about the States where the BJP aspires to further its political advance. From Bihar, where elections are due next year, as many as three new Ministers were inducted – Rajiv Pratap Rudy, Giriraj Singh and Ram Kirpal Yadav. It is a clever mix of representatives from among the BJP’s traditional vote support base — Rajputs (a community to which Rudy belongs) and the Bhumihars (represented by Giriraj Singh) — as well as an attempt to reach out to the intermediary castes (Ram Kirpal Yadav). Besides reassuring the Bhumihars, the elevation of Giriraj Singh may also be an indication of the kind of campaign the BJP plans to run in the Bihar Assembly election.
Hindi heartland
The Cabinet expansion also has message for the Dalits in the Hindi heartland and the northern States, where they have traditionally voted either for the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) or the Congress. From Uttar Pradesh, two Dalit and backward caste MPs — Ram Shankar Kathiria from Agra and Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti from Fatehpur — were inducted in the Council of Ministers. From Punjab, that has the highest percentage of Dalits, about 31.9 per cent, the BJP inducted its Dalit face, the Hoshiarpur MP Vijay Sampla as a Minister of State.
Reaching out to Jats
The induction of Chowdhary Birender Singh and Sanwar Lal Jat reflects the BJP’s outreach to the Jats. The party has won a majority in Haryana Assembly recently largely owing to non-Jat consolidation in its favour and now has a Punjabi Chief Minister in the State. With a non-Jat Chief Minister in Haryana, the BJP would like to make amends and ensure future attraction for the community. In fact, the inclusion of Sanwar Lal Jat, the man who defeated Congress’s Sachin Pilot in Ajmer, and Olympian Rajyvardhan Singh Rathod who are both from Rajasthan, reflects the Jat-Rajput consolidation that the BJP had achieved in the State in the recent Lok Sabha and Assembly elections.
Here is the full list of newly included Ministers:
Cabinet Minister

Cooler waters along TN-AP coasts slow down Bay depressionCooler waters along TN-AP coasts slow down Bay depression
VINSON KURIAN
Tweet
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, NOV. 8:  
Cool to cooler waters lapping up along the Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh coast will weaken the persisting depression in the Bay of Bengal as it approaches for landfall.
This morning, it loitered in the central Bay, 700 km east-southeast of Ongole; 510 km southeast of Visakakhapatnam; and 700 km east-northeast of Chennai.
LABORIOUS PROGRESS
It is apparently being repelled by the cool waters along the coast which snuffs out evaporation and therefore denies it the moisture to feed on.
This explains its slow and laborious approach on the home stretch when it would weaken further as a well-marked ‘low’ over the waters.
A couple of models indicate that while weakening, the system might take a turn to the south-southeast and make a quite rendezvous around the Chennai coast.
Light to moderate showers are forecast for Andhra Pradesh today and tomorrow while the seas will stay rough off north Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh coasts.
FRESH ‘LOW’ WATCH
Meanwhile, India Met Department has officially taken cognisance of an active low-pressure area lying across the international waters over the Gulf of Thailand.
The Met proceeded to say in its morning update that a ‘low’ would ‘materialise’ over the south Andaman Sea by Monday.
The reference is to the existing ‘low’ in the Gulf of Thailand that would cross southern Myanmar/Thailand into the Indian territorial waters.
The US Naval Observatory located the system this morning 685 km north-northwest of Singapore and as tracking over the larger Malay Peninsula.
Earlier forecasts of the system gathering rapid strength after it crosses into Andaman Sea and later the Bay of Bengal are being discounted now.
BEARS WATCHING
This is largely because the sea-surface temperatures (SSTs) have cooled down over entire Bay, though mildly above average over the Andaman Sea.
As mentioned above, the SSTs taper down to negative values towards the east coast of India where models say the incoming weather system is headed.
It remains to be seen if it can blow up as a strong cyclone. The European Centre for Medium-Range Forecasts rules out this possibility entirely.
But the US Climate Prediction Centre indicates above-normal rain for the region around Chennai by Wednesday/Thursday, indicating a possible landfall of the system.
No model indicates the development of a strong weather system here, in any case.
(This article was published on November 8, 2014)
Related

Congress forms shadow committeesFocused groups will closely watch policies and work of key Union Ministers
New Delhi, November 7:  
To counter the consistent barrage of policy and programme initiatives by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Congress plans to come out with the “reality behind the slogans”, with planned follow-ups.
The principle opposition party on Friday fielded former External Affairs Minister Salman Khurshid to condemn the “farce” that is apparently being enacted in the name of Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
“We demand that the Government comes out with a concrete blueprint for such programmes rather than the event management exercise that is consistently taken up in the name of policy initiatives,” Khurshid said.
British practice
The Congress has also set up a number of groups in the line of the British parliamentary practice of appointing a “shadow” MP for each member of the Council of Ministers for following up on government policies.
For this, seven committees have apparently been formed ahead of the Winter Session of Parliament beginning November 24 to keep a watch on decisions and policies of key Union ministries.
The idea is to use its present pool of talent in Parliament to corner the Government while also tracking how many of the legislations and policy initiatives of the previous UPA government are sought to be changed.
Prominent members of these committees include former ministers AK Antony, M Veerappa Moily, Anand Sharma and Oscar Fernandes, Congress leader in the Lok Sabha Mallikarjun Kharge, and Leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad.
The committee that will look into issues relating to finance, foreign affairs, commerce and information and broadcasting has Moily, Sharma and Jyotiraditya Scindia as members while the panel on home, defence and law and justice has Antony, Ashwani Kumar and IYC chief Rajiv Satav in it.
Digvijay Singh, Ashok Chavan and Ninong Erring will be part of the group focused on agriculture and drinking water and sanitation.
Railways and labour
Kharge is on the panel on railways and labour along with Fernandes and Ranjeet Ranjan. The panel on health and women and child development has Azad along with JD Seelam and K Suresh.
The committee on HRD, panchayati raj and North-Eastern region has Mani Shankar Aiyar, Bhalchandra Mungekar and Sushmita Dev as members.
The panel comprising KV Thomas, Jairam Ramesh and Gaurav Gogoi will look after rural development and environment issues.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)

Vasan confident of getting TMC name for his outfitVasan confident of getting TMC name for his outfit
PTI
G K Vasan
Chennai, Nov 7:  
Former Union Minister G K Vasan, who has parted ways with the Congress, today sounded confident of getting the name of Tamil Maanila Congress for his yet-to be launched outfit.
Amid reports that TMC title was now “owned” by a fringe outfit in Puducherry, Vasan said there could be “no issues” in getting the name.
Vasan’s father and veteran leader G K Moopanar named his outfit TMC after he broke away from Congress in 1996 but it merged with the parent body in 2002.
After addressing a meeting of supporters here, Vasan said in an informal chat that the proposed public meeting in Tiruchirappali where he would announce the name and symbol of his party would be “a grand affair” which will even “surprise the national leaders.”
The date of the meeting will be announced in a week and it was likely to be held before the end of this month, he added.
Vasan, who quit Congress faulting the central observer’s role in the state unit, said he would tomorrow visit the families of the kin of five Rameswaram fishermen who were sentenced to death by the Colombo High Court in a drug case.
He also said he will be meeting his supporters in other towns as well after his visit to Rameswaram.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

Current ULIP rush linked to upswing in stock markets‘Current ULIP rush linked to upswing in stock markets’
KR Srivats
Tweet
Anup Rau, Chief Executive Officer, Reliance Life
The bull run in the stock market after May, when the Bharatiya Janata Party came to power with a thumping majority, is fuelling the sales of unit-linked insurance plans (ULIPs). As a result, ULIPS are making a comeback of sorts, with many life insurers aggressively pushing the product that had once drawn controversy for rampant mis-selling in 2005-08. Are ULIPs coming back into fashion because of the insurance regulator IRDA’s intervention in 2010 to prune the charges related to such products, or is stock market buoyancy fuelling demand?
BusinessLine spoke to Anup Rau, Chief Executive Officer, Reliance Life, to seek his views on ULIPs and the strategy the company intends to follow. Edited excerpts from an online interview:
Do you think ULIPs have returned in a big way after IRDA’s move to rationalise fees/cost structure?
No, we do not think the current surge in ULIP volumes is a result of rationalisation of cost structure. If that were the case, we should have seen this phenomenon after 2010. In fact, it was just the reverse; the ULIP contribution actually went down. This (latest surge in ULIPs) is linked to the upswing in the stock market.
Do you think ULIPs are harmful to the financial health of consumers?
ULIPs are largely sold as short-term investment product, which is counter-productive for customers and insurers. In a buoyant market, ULIPs attract high cash-flows. But in a declining market, there are incidents of higher lapses and persistency declines.
This volatility in cash flows is not good, as it makes it difficult for an insurer to optimise long-term investment decisions and provide stable returns. The investor also tends to lose money in declining markets. This has a ripple effect and dents the investor’s belief in insurance as a protection tool. 
What is Reliance Life’s current mix between traditional and ULIPs?
Our current mix is 26 per cent ULIP and 74 per cent traditional.
We believe this is a balanced approach and reflects the percentage of our customers who have the risk appetite for buying ULIPs. There is a segment that understands and accepts the downside risk along with the upside and this product should be sold only to such market-aware customers. 
Going forward, what will be your strategy? What is the traditional mix you will aim for? 
Our strategy will not change, we will sell the right product to the right customer, and we expect the ULIP-to-traditional mix to be range-bound at 15-25 per cent of ULIPs.
Do you think the stock market surge (after May 2014) has led to a comeback of sorts for ULIPs?
There is no doubt that it did. This entire ULIP rush is bull run-driven. However, this has also increased redemptions, reiterating the volatility of ULIP cash flows.
Do you have a ULIP product in which you levy only mortality and fund management charges? 
No, we do not. Regulations leave little room for any significant charges. Our ULIP products will yield good returns if consumers stay invested for the long term. 
Which kind of investors are ULIPs best suited to?
Largely, high net-worth and the mass affluent segment have deep pockets to weather downside risks. This segment also has the patience to reap the benefits of ULIPs by staying invested over a longer term.
Among the salaried class, the percentage is relatively low, but we still have a lot of salaried people who take an informed decision to buy ULIPs. 
Is there more scope for regulatory intervention by IRDA in the ULIP space?
No, we think the current level of regulation adequately protects the customer. Most developed insurance markets around the world have not undergone such regulatory reform. The industry needs to honestly follow the sales process and give the right advice.
Is there still need for more user awareness on ULIPs? 
Absolutely. Customers need to be educated about ULIPs so that they can take informed decisions and not get carried away by the stock market story.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

Aviation Minister orders probe into SpiceJet incidentAviation Minister orders probe into SpiceJet incident
Our Bureau
Airline suspends Surat-Delhi flight indefinitely
New Delhi, November 7:  
After the grounding of a SpiceJet aircraft which was hit by a buffalo at Surat airport on Thursday evening, Union Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju Pusapati has ordered an inquiry by the Airports Authority of India (AAI) to ensure that similar incidents do not recur at any other airports, a statement from the Ministry of Civil Aviation said.
On Thursday, the SpiceJet flight operating from Surat to Delhi was hit by a buffalo while taxiing for take off. The flight had 140 passengers and a crew of six, airline sources indicated.
Timely action by the pilot averted a mishap and the aircraft was brought back to the apron for checks, the Ministry statement said adding that another aircraft was called from Mumbai and passengers were sent to Delhi around 11 p.m. 
On Friday, SpiceJet through its official Twitter handle said that “as a precautionary measure, flights between Delhi and Surat are suspended indefinitely with immediate effect, after a stray animal hit our aircraft at Surat airport.”
Sanjiv Kapoor, COO, SpiceJet, wrote on his Twitter handle, “Surat flights suspended as of today. The aircraft is grounded and we also want to wait for the investigation report.”
Meanwhile, the AAI has been directed by the Minister to send teams within the next one month to visit all airports where there are similar safety concerns and to take remedial measures within three months to ensure that such incidents do not happen again. 
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

A dirty secret: Concept of eco-san toiletsEco-san toilet at Pachnada
Heard of the eco-san toilet that fights river pollution?
Pachnada is about 100 km from Etawah in Uttar Pradesh. Meaning pach (five) and nada (rivers), it is the region at the confluence of the Yamuna with its tributaries — Chambal, Sindh, Kunwari and Pahuj. Here, the rejuvenated Yamuna and its rich biodiversity including the magar, ghariyal and sus (dolphin) prove that once a river’s flow is restored its biodiversity cannot be much behind.
Back in 2008, when we first chose village clusters around the Kaleswar temple at Pachnada as one of the 14 sites for the formation of Nadi Mitra Mandalis (Friends of the River groups) to promote river-friendly lifestyles, we were struck by the region’s many contrasts. It had a dreaded past (dacoits) and yet attracted thousands of devotees to the temple and riverbank for a ritual bath on holy days. The ravines were forbiddingly beautiful, with the crystal clear waters of the Chambal river in sharp contrast to the pollutant-laden Yamuna. The villages had small mud houses, yet the farms were alluringly green. In short, Pachnada exhibited some of the best and worst aspects of rural India.
When we tried to introduce the concept of eco-san toilets, we anticipated slow success in a region that had a high illiteracy rate and nearly 100 per cent open-defecation. But a pleasant surprise awaited us.
The eco-san toilet mimics nature and, in the process, safeguards the environment. Mammals, unlike reptiles and birds, have separate exits for urine and faecal matter. But we use a common toilet for both functions and end up generating sewage that pollutes and poisons our water bodies.
In an eco-san toilet, urine and wash-water drain into a separate destination, while the faecal matter is collected in another chamber that is kept dehydrated at all times. There is no need to flush and the urine and faecal matter is utilised as valuable urea and manure. In one stroke, human refuse is turned into a useful resource, water is saved and there is no sewage.
At our first workshop on eco-san toilets, we were mightily heartened when Munna Lal from Pachnada took the lead to not only construct the first such toilet in his village but also spread the word as our resource person. His roadside toilet is a hit with the villagers and other road users. He has developed a kitchen garden from the diverted urine and wash water.
As the nation embarks on the Swachh Bharat Mission to end open defecation, in Pachnada an illiterate but resourceful villager has lit a spark that will hopefully ignite his countrymen’s imagination.
India Rivers Week, 2014 will be held in Delhi at the end of November.
The writer is the Convener of Yamuna Jiye Abhiyaan
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

India will be Yamahas 2nd largest market by DecHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
India will be Yamaha’s 2nd largest market by Dec
Murali Gopalan
S Muralidhar The Yamaha R15
Mumbai, Nov 9:  
India is poised to become Yamaha’s second largest two-wheeler market by December this year with Indonesia right on top. At present, India is barely 16,000 units behind Vietnam, a market in rapid decline.
Yamaha declared its third quarter results in Japan last week where Indonesia maintained its premier position with 1.89 million units sold in the January-September period. Vietnam was a distant second with 4.39 lakh units with India rapidly closing in at 4.23 lakh bikes and scooters. Thailand was way behind in fourth slot at 1.58 lakh units.
The rapid emergence of India on the Yamaha roadmap can be gauged from the fact that it accounted for sales of 2.47 lakh two-wheelers in Jan-Sept 2012, climbing to 3.3 lakh units the following year and to 4.23 lakh units during the course of this calendar.
In contrast, a traditionally robust market like Vietnam has seen (Jan-Sept) sales fall from 6.3 lakh units two years ago to 5.64 lakh units in 2013 and now to 4.39 lakh units. India could well equal the score this month before overtaking Vietnam in December and emerging Indonesia's key challenger.
Yamaha’s fall in Thailand has been more profound from a high of 4.3 lakh units in Jan-Sept of 2012 to 2.84 lakh units the following year. With barely 1.6 lakh units sold so far during this calendar, it remains to be seen if numbers will fall further to under one lakh units in 2015.
Indonesia, however, continues to be Yamaha’s largest market with sales over the last three years comfortably averaging 2.6 million units annually. As its closest rival, India will still be some way behind but the commissioning of the second plant in Chennai could soon bridge this gap.
The facility is scheduled to be inaugurated in a couple of months and its capacity will be increased in phases to 1.8 million units by 2018. Along with the Surajpur unit, this will take Yamaha’s overall numbers here to 2.8 million bikes and scooters.
Going by present growth trends, India just offers more potential than Indonesia thanks to a growing base of young buyers. Sales during the last three years clearly show that the ASEAN region, once a happy hunting ground for Yamaha, is on the descent while India is already the world’s largest two-wheeler market.
There is, therefore, a strong possibility of sales in Indonesia continuing to stay flat, and perhaps even falling, over the next three years. In contrast, growth in India is projected to be 12-15 per cent per year which could translate into 30 million two-wheelers (across manufacturers) annually by 2020.
From Yamaha’s point of view, India will also have to double up as a custodian for Africa, its next big region for growth in the coming years. It is keeping this in mind that the company is hoping to make the world’s most affordable motorcycle (costing Rs 30,000) a reality by 2016-17. India will be the production hub for this bike which will be exported to Africa.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Obama  world leaders to attend APEC summitObama, world leaders to attend APEC summit
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Nov 9:  
China is all set to kick off APEC summit here tomorrow to discuss a host of global issues like rise of ISIS, withdrawal of US troops from Afghanistan and Ukrainian crisis, besides a road map for Free Trade Area of the Asia-Pacific.
US President Barack Obama, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and a host of leaders of the region besides top WTO officials have arrived here to take part in the meeting.
India is not a member of APEC, a bloc largely comprised of the countries of the Pacific region.
It is to be seen whether the APEC, which specialised in trade and commerce, would consider admitting new members as a ban in this regard had been lifted in 2010.
China has spent billions of dollars to spruce up pollution ridden Beijing into a brand new city by creating a new smog free atmosphere for the conference to be attended by leaders of 21 members Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC).
Hundreds of factories in the city and vicinity have been closed down to ensure smog-free weather in the city.
The 22nd summit of APEC will be held at Yanqi Lake, about 50 km north east of Beijing, where China has built a special conference centre, a waterfront boutique hotel and 12 VIP villas on an islet, besides the newly opened Sunrise Kempinski hotel nearby.
This is the largest event being hosted by China after the 2008 Olympics.
While not much is expected out of the summit due to the strategic rivalry between US, its allies and China, it has already achieved certain political breakthrough specially in ending a two-year long China-Japan spat over the disputed islands in the East China Sea.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Omar seeks political solution for Kashmir issueOmar seeks political solution for Kashmir issue
PTI
Seeks mandate for single party
Bandipora (JK), Nov 9:  
Chief Minister Omar Abdullah today said Kashmir issue is a political problem that should be resolved politically and his party would not rest till a solution is reached.
“The issue of J&K is political. It is important to address it politically. We will stand firm on our endeavour to resolve the issue and National Conference will not rest until then,” Omar said while addressing a public meeting at Alusa village in north Kashmir’s Bandipora Assembly constituency.
Bandipora assembly seat goes to polls in the first phase of state elections on November 25.
Calling on the people to give a decisive mandate to his party, Omar said the electorate of Jammu and Kashmir need to “get rid of the coalitions by voting a single party to power for the prosperity of the state“.
“We have seen coalition governments for the last 12 years and how it is against the interests of the state. Give mandate to a single party like the old times. If that party then does not fulfil its responsibility, throw it away in the next elections but end this coalition era,” Omar said.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Rattan India Power plans bidding coal blocks to revive unitsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Rattan India Power plans bidding coal blocks to revive units
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Nov 9:  
With the government expected to put 74 coal blocks on e-auction soon, most of them operational, Rattan India Power has decided to participate in the bidding so as to revive its nearly 2,700-mw worth of projects it had earlier shelved for want of fuel.
Rattan India Power, erstwhile Indiabulls Power, had put on hold the second phase of two of its projects in Maharashtra — one each in Amravati and Nashik — since 2011 for want of coal and power purchase agreements (PPA) with distribution companies.
The company is currently developing a total of 5,400 mw capacity with 2,700 mw each in Amravati and Nashik in two phases and has signed fuel supply agreement with Coal India.
While the 1,350-mw Nashik plant is ready for commissioning it has not done so due to want of coal, and the 1,350-mw Amravati project is operational.
“We now have a stable government at the Centre which has included round the clock power supply as a priority. On fuel side, we expect the government to put some of the coal cancelled blocks on auction soon... and we will bid for some of them and we are confident of securing at least a few of those mines,” chief executive Rajiv Rattan told PTI.
It can be noted that after the Indiabulls group founder split earlier in the year, Rattan had paid Rs 360 crore to buy out the power venture from other partners. Since the breakup, he has renamed the company as Rattan India Power.
The Supreme Court had on September 25 cancelled as many as 214 coal blocks —— 46 of them fully operational and six about to be commissioned —— that were auctioned between 1993 and 2011.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Bangla HC questions 16th Constitution amendmentBangla HC questions 16th Constitution amendment
PTI
Tweet
Dhaka, Nov 9:  
Bangladesh High Court on Sunday questioned the legality of the 16th amendment of the country’s Constitution that empowers parliament to impeach Supreme Court judges for “incapacity or misconduct.”
A two-member High Court bench issued a notice to the government seeking an explanation in two weeks and asked why the amendment should not be declared illegal and annulled.
The notice came on a writ petition filed by nine Supreme Court lawyers seeking to overturn the amendment two months after the parliament amended the Constitution, defying calls from lawyers and political groups to review the decision.
The court served the order on the secretaries or top officials of the Prime Minister’s Office, Bangabhaban presidential palace, law ministry and the parliament secretariat.
The parliament, led by ruling Awami League, had passed the amendment bill on September 17 restoring an old provision allowing it to impeach Supreme Court judges for “misconduct and incapacity” and to make the higher judiciary “accountable” to the legislature.
But the writ petition feared the amendment might have been done with a “mala fide intention” and that the “judges might feel at risk to pass an order against a lawmaker.”
Following the amendment, a Supreme Court judge could be removed by adopting a resolution with a two-third majority in parliament on the basis of a government probe.
Previously, the Supreme Judicial Council, comprising chief justice and two senior most judges of the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court, was authorised to suggest removal of judges of higher judiciary for misbehaviour and incapacity.
The system was introduced in 1978 by former military ruler-turned-politician Ziaur Rahman, the founder of BNP which is now being headed by his wife ex-premier Khaleda Zia.
The BNP, which boycotted the last national elections and and has no representation in parliament, had opposed the government move to scrap the Judicial Council System.
Several prominent lawyers had also criticised the move saying it would put the legislature at a loggerhead with the Supreme Court.
The issue of reviving Parliament’s authority came into focus during the Awami League’s 2008-2013 term when some ruling party lawmakers called for the removal of a High Court judge after a series of events centring his remarks about the then Speaker Abdul Hamid, who is now the President.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Panel favours parleys before reviewing environment lawsPanel favours parleys before reviewing environment laws
V. Sajeev Kumar
Tweet
November 9, 2014:  
The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Science and Technology, Environment and Forest has favoured debates and consultations before going ahead with the review of environment-related laws and statutes.
The committee headed by Ashwani Kumar was of the view that the “primacy of principles of environment protection” should be maintained while reviewing the legislations.
He was speaking to reporters here on Sunday after a four-day field visit to the State.
The Ministry of Environment and Forest had appointed a committee to review the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986, Forest (Conservation) Act, 1980, the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974 and the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981.
The committee was also asked to suggest appropriate amendments to bring them in line with their objectives. The panel hoped that the government would not seek to dilute the provisions of law which dealt with environment protection.
According to the committee, the primacy of principles of environment protection should be ensured while reviewing the legislations. It was of the view that reviews and amendments are for strengthening the laws, which can be reviewed and new ones introduced to make them effective and efficient.
Governments may change. But the national priorities like environment protection should remain unchanged, he added.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Opus Software aims to double headcount in 3 yrs  says CEOOpus Software aims to double headcount in 3 yrs, says CEO
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Nov 9:  
Opus Software will look to double its headcount in India over the next three years, its President & CEO, Anand Ramakrishnan has said.
This company is keen to become one of leading edge players in emerging payments space, Ramakrishnan said.
Plans are afoot to focus on big data analytics, mobile based payments and emerging areas like bitcoins as a payment mechanism, he said.
As on date, Opus software has a headcount of about 800 professionals in India.
Opus is also looking to triple its revenues in the next 24-36 months, Ramakrishnan added.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Indian bowlers restrict Sri Lanka to 242; Mahela hits a tonIndian bowlers restrict Sri Lanka to 242; Mahela hits a ton
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Nov 9:  
Indian bowlers once again put up a strong showing in the five—match series to bundle out Sri Lanka for 242 in 48.2 overs even as Mahela Jayawardene waged a lone battle with his 17th ODI century in the third ODI at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium, here today.
Put into field under overcast conditions, Umesh Yadav (4—53) had the best figures while Axar Patel (3—40) continued to impress with Jayawardene scoring a standout 118.
Pace spearhead Yadav drew first blood after getting opener Kusal Perera (4) caught behind on the final delivery of the first over.
The medium—pacer was soon on a hat—trick, which was averted by Jayawardene, after sending the dangerous Kumar Sangakkara back in the pavilion for naught on the very first ball of his second over as the visitors were reduced to 7/2.
Jayawardene and Tillakaratne Dilshan (53) then combined caution with the right dose of aggression to stitch up a 105—run third—wicket partnership — the highlight of the Lakan innings — and bring the innings back on track.
Dilshan got his 39th ODI fifty with a boundary off Ravichandran Ashwin (1—43), which also brought up Lanka’s 100 in the 23rd over.
Soon Jayawardene got to his 75th ODI half—century but Kohli’s move to bring in Rayudu’s (1—16) off—spin from Ashwin’s end did the trick for India as the occasional bowler got Dilshan caught at extra cover by Ajinkya Rahane to povide the much—needed breakthrough.
Opting for the batting Powerplays between overs 30 and 35, did not help the Islanders as skipper Angelo Mathews (10) top edged Patel’s left—arm orthodox to Kohli at mid—off.
Left—arm spinner Patel struck again in the 33rd over to get Ashan Priyanjan (2) caught at mid—on and Yadav did his bit to take a sharp diving catch towards his left.
The young Gujarat player continued to spin his web and live up to the teams’ faith after sending back Chaturanga de Silva (2) as Lanka lost 3 wickets in the powerplays to manage just 16 runs.
Lanka continued to lose the plot as Umesh struck again, to in his comeback spell to get Thisara Perera (1) caught at extra cover via a leading edge from the left—hander’s bat.
Jayawardene, who completed 12,000 runs in ODIs, continued to fight on as the former skipper got his 100 off 109 balls with a six off Patel in the 40th over.
The former captain though got support from No 9 batsman Seekkuge Prasanna (29) as the duo stitched a 67—run partnership for the eight—wicket to give some respectability after the score read 158 for seven.
Ashwin finally got the veteran batsman stumped to end his 124—ball stay, which was laced with 12 fours and a six.
Lanka though could not last their full quota of overs for the second time in the three matches.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

TN powerloom workers to go on hunger strike if power tariff increasedTN powerloom workers to go on hunger strike if power tariff increased
PTI
Powerloom workers to go on hunger strike if power tariff increased
Coimbatore, Nov 9:  
A section of powerloom workers in five districts have threatened to go on hunger strike if the state government increased the power tariff, as proposed by Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission.
A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting of Joint Committee of Powerloom Owners and Job workers Associations of Tirupur, Namakkal, Erode, Karur and Coimbatore districts held at nearby Somanur, committee sources said.
The meeting while appealing the government not to go with the proposal to hike power tariff, also requested to reduce the hike effected last year or to subsides the increase, the sources said.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Swamy may file PIL in Sunanda Pushkar death caseSwamy may file PIL in Sunanda Pushkar death case
PTI
Tweet
Bhubaneswar, Nov 9:  
BJP leader Subramanian Swamy on Sunday said that he may file a public interest litigation (PIL) demanding court-monitored probe into the mysterious death of Sunanda Pushkar, wife of Congress leader Shashi Tharoor.
“I may file a PIL in court seeking a thorough probe into the matter relating to the death of Sunanda Pushkar,” Swamy said while replying a question here on the sidelines of a programme.
Swamy said he had sought court’s intervention on many occasions during the UPA regime but “have not moved court on any matter after the NDA came to power”.
“However, I may file a PIL in the case of Sunanda Pushkar’s death even as her husband has been making rounds to the BJP office in Delhi,” he said. Swamy has for long demanded a special investigation of Pushkar’s death alleging foul play.
Sunanda was found dead in a five-star hotel in south Delhi on the night of January 17, after her Twitter spat with Pakistani journalist Mehr Tarar over an alleged affair with her husband.
A team of AIIMS doctors had last month submitted a fresh report to police on Sunanda’s death after examining her viscera and maintained that she died of poisoning.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Bandaru Dattatreya  YS Choudhary to be inducted in Union CabinetBandaru Dattatreya, YS Choudhary to be inducted in Union Cabinet
Our Bureau
BJP leader and MP Bandaru Dattatreya (file photo)
Telugu Desam MP and industrialist Y.S. Choudhary (file photo)
Hyderabad, Nov. 8:  
The Telugu Desam MP and industrialist Y.S. Choudhary and senior BJP leader and MP, Bandaru Dattatreya, the latter from Telangana, are likely to be inducted in the Union Cabinet.
They are set to join the Narendra Modi Cabinet, which is being expanded.
While Choudhary is the founder of the diversified Sujana Group, Bandaru Dattatreya had earlier served as Union Railway Minister.
It is learnt that they have been asked to join the swearing-in ceremony on Sunday.
(This article was published on November 8, 2014)
Related

Gold futures decline on global cuesNew Delhi, November 6, 2014
Updated: November 6, 2014 18:58 IST
Gold futures decline on global cues
PTI
gold and precious material
Gold prices edged marginally lower at Rs 25,462 per 10 grams in futures trading at the Multi Commodity Exchange as participants trimmed positions in line with a weak global trend.
MCX opened for the evening session as it remained closed in the morning on account of ‘Guru Nanak Jayanti.’
Gold for delivery in December contracts declined by Rs 31, or 0.12 per cent to Rs 25,462 per 10 gram in business turnover of 857 lots.
Similarly, the metal for delivery in February contracts traded lower by Rs 8, or 0.03 per cent to Rs 25,663 per 10 gram in 9 lots.
Market analysts said offloading of positions by speculators in tandem with a weak global trend mainly put pressure on gold prices at futures trade here.
Globally, gold fell by 2.41 per cent to USD 1,140 an ounce in New York on Wednesday.

Govt trying its best to prevent radicalisation: Rajnathunrest, conflicts and war
India is confident that the Islamic State militants will not be able to make a “big impact” in the country and the government is trying its best to prevent radicalisation among the youth, Home Minister Rajnath Singh has said.
“We are trying every way possible to prevent radicalisation in India. IS has had no significant impact in India, however other countries have been affected. IS will not be able to able to make a big impact in India,” Mr. Singh told PTI in Tel Aviv in an interview while commenting on reports that a number of youths have joined the dreaded terror outfit.
IS militants control large areas of Iraq and Syria since June but have been targeted by air strikes by the US-led coalition since August.
Mr. Singh also did not rule out the possibility of al-Qaeda setting up a branch in the country to wage jihad in the Indian sub-continent.
“Al-Qaeda’s activities have been ongoing but any information regarding an Asia-specific organisation that they have built is not yet available. We, however, do not rule out any possibility,” Singh, who was here for talks with the Israeli leadership on ways to boost Indo-Israeli cooperation in areas like counter-terrorism and cyber-security, said.
Al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri in September had announced that the global Islamist extremist movement has launched a new off-shoot in the Indian sub-continent.
Replying to a question on the biggest security threat for India -- home grown outfits like CPI (Maoist), Indian Mujahideen or foreign terrorist groups like al-Qaeda and LeT – Mr. Singh said, “We do not differentiate between dangers as big and small. Dangers are dangers.
“All our security agencies, our intelligence agencies, keep a tab on emerging dangers and also take necessary measures to address such dangers,” he said.
Singh also dismissed media reports that terrorists were planning to attack Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“We have no such information in this regard. But with terrorists nothing can be predicted as to what and when are they going to do something. However, we have no information about any such plan to attack our Prime Minister,” he said.
Recently terror outfit, Indian Mujahideen’s (IM) expert bomb-maker, Waqas alias Javed, a resident of Punjab province in Pakistan was arrested along with three others suspected members of IM from Jaipur and Jodhpur in Rajasthan by the Special Cell of Delhi police.
According to reports, the terror module had plans to carry out terror attacks during the election rally of Modi.
Asked whether India was concerned about security scenario after the withdrawal of US-led coalition forces from war-torn Afghanistan later this year, Mr. Singh said: “We have made adequate preparations to meet with the challenges and emerging situation after the withdrawal of NATO forces from Afghanistan. We are not very terrified about that”.

25 Years of the fall of the Berlin WallUpdated: November 9, 2014 23:51 IST
Berliners, tourists mark 25 years of the fall of the Wall
Sattwick Barman
Tweet
REUTERS Cars drive past the installation 'Lichtgrenze' (Border of Light) along the East Side Gallery, the largest remaining part of the former Berlin Wall, in Berlin on Saturday. A part of the inner city of Berlin is being temporarily divided from November 7 to 9, with a light installation featuring 8000 luminous white balloons, following the path the Berlin Wall once occupied, to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Wall.
REUTERS People watch the lit balloons installation along the river Spree near the Reichstag in Berlin on Saturday.
REUTERS Lit balloons are placed along the former Berlin Wall location near the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin on Saturday.
TOPICS
Germany
Berlin has put in place an ambitious art installation consisting of 8,000 illuminated white balloons snaking along the 12 km stretch retracing the path of the wall.
On a bitterly cold and overcast Sunday, thousands of Berliners and tourists from across the world milled around memorials and the few remaining portions of the Berlin Wall to pay tribute to those who died trying to flee the former German and celebrate the end of one of the most tense, conflict-ridden periods of human history.
Speaking at the opening of a new information centre at the Berlin Wall memorial German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who grew up in East Berlin, said that the events of 25 years ago were a dream come true and that it was important not to forget them.
“We can change things for the better. This is the message for... Ukraine, Iraq and other places where human rights are threatened.” She also attended a service for those who died trying to flee the German Democratic Republic, as the former East Germany was known, at the Chapel of Reconciliation, which used to exist in the “death strip” or the area between the walls on the eastern and the western side.
Later at night, 8,000 illuminated white balloons placed along the 12 km stretch to retrace the path of the wall, an ambitious art installation put in place by the city, were released with Beethoven’s ninth symphony playing in the background, signifying the disappearance of one of the most enduring symbols of the Cold War. An estimated two to three million people attended a concert at the city landmark of Brandenburg Gate, which featured performances by the orchestra of the Berlin State Opera and English musician-songwriter Peter Gabriel among others. The former Polish president, Lech Walesa, Hungary’s ex-premier Miklos Nemeth, the last leader of the Soviet Union Mikhail Gorbachev and German President Joachim Gauck were in attendance.
Apart from Brandenburg Gate, commemorative events were also held through the day at places where the wall once stood. People watched Ms. Merkel’s speech on giant video screens that for the past three days have been screening documentaries on the history of the GDR and the ‘Peaceful Revolution’ that brought the wall crashing down.
The past days, however, have not been without controversy. At a concert at the country’s Parliament on Friday, dissident singer-songwriter Wolf Biermann, who was kicked out of East Germany in 1976, called the Left Party, whose representatives were only metres away, as the “wretched remains” of the former ruling Socialist Unity Party that ruled East Germany. The Left, or Die Linke as it is called, is leading the winning coalition after winning the elections to the regional parliament in the eastern State of Thuringia. The Left, in turn, has reiterated an apology its predecessor party made in 1990, pointing out that many Germans were still in favour of past social security entitlements.
Meanwhile, an artist collective, the Centre for Political Beauty, created ripples when last week it stole memorial crosses dedicated to people who died while attempting to flee East Germany, and moved them to the fenced borders the European Union shares with Africa in protest against what it called the “new walls around Europe.” According to a study by a consortium of European journalists, more than 23,000 people have lost their lives in the past 14 years while attempting to reach the continent.

Re-framing the MGNREGA debatewage and pension
Reports that the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government intends to radically restructure the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) have re-ignited public discussion on the scheme. Since its launch, debate on MGNREGA has been synonymous with ideological contestations on the role of the state and its welfare functions. Inevitably, the contours of the debate have been shrill, leaving little space for an evidence-based discussion on the shape that a re-designed MGNREGA should take.
The first and the most important question that ought to be considered is: has the scheme met its primary objective of guaranteeing employment to India’s poorest? The most intuitive way of answering this is by comparing employment levels with poverty rates across States.
If the scheme was well-targeted, households in poorer States would presumably demand more work and these States would provide the largest share of employment. However, on this metric, the data presents a damning story. Accountability Initiative’s analysis found that in 2010-11, poorer States such as Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal and Madhya Pradesh, which together account for 59 per cent of the country’s rural BPL population, generated only 34 per cent of employment through MGNREGA. On the other hand, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu, which house eight per cent of the BPL population, accounted for 23 per cent of the total employment generated that year.
Read: MGNREGA - How to reform and how not to
On participation
Other research studies also confirm that poorer States are unable to provide employment. MGNREGA is designed as a “self-targeting” programme where participation is a function of demand for work and the extent to which this demand is actually met. Using National Sample Survey (NSS) data from 2009-10, economist Martin Ravallion and his colleagues examined participation through precisely this lens.
Across India, 45 per cent of rural households wanted to work on the MGNREGA. Of these 56 per cent received work. Put differently, 44 per cent of those who wanted work were not given employment or, to use the authors’ definition, were “rationed” out of the scheme. Importantly, demand for work was strongly correlated with poverty rates, but actual employment was not. While demand for work in poorer States like Bihar and Uttar Pradesh was high, richer States like Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu were able to provide more employment.
While low participation in poorer States is cause for serious concern, the analytical consequences for the design of MGNREGA and its ability to reach the poorest can be completely understood only by looking at who actually receives work under the programme. In other words, where employment is being provided, do the benefits of MGNREGA accrue to those who need it? In its study, Accountability Initiative drew on the work of Rahul Pathak, a researcher, to answer this question. Using monthly per-capita household expenditure (MPCE) from the 2009-10 NSS, Mr. Pathak examined participation across consumption deciles and compared participation of the lowest 30 per cent (per-capita expenditure of up to Rs.657) with the middle 40 per cent (per capita expenditure between Rs.657 and Rs.1058) and the top 30 per cent. He found that the bulk of participant households were nearly equally divided between the lowest 30 per cent (which accounted for 40 per cent participants) and the middle 40 per cent (accounting for another 42 per cent). Of course, there are inter-State variations. The quantum of participants from the lowest 30 per cent is highest in Maharashtra (63 per cent) and Orissa (51 per cent) and far lower in Rajasthan (36 per cent), and Bihar (37 per cent). High participation of middle 40 per cent households could be argued to indicate poor targeting. However, the difference in consumption patterns of households in the lowest and middle deciles, particularly in poorer States is as little as Rs.250-Rs.400 per month or Rs.8-13 per day. Thus, many middle households are not that much better off and are as vulnerable to shocks as the poorest. Moreover, given the high participation of women (48 per cent in 2009-10), it is likely that a significant number of participants from the middle 40 per cent are women, who need extra income. Thus employment under MGNREGA is largely received by those who need it the most.
The work of Mr. Ravallion and his colleagues reinforce this fact. They find that rationing in the scheme does not discriminate against the poor. Demand for work is higher among the poor than among the non-poor. And amongst those who demand work, the poor are more likely to receive it than the non-poor. So the self-targeting mechanism works.
Two important conclusions emerge from this discussion. First, the real implementation failure in MGNREGA is that demand for work does not translate in to actual employment in India’s poorer States. But this is less a function of flawed targeting design than of weak governance. Poorer States spend lower per-capita on MGNREGA, have higher vacancies, lower staff motivation with limited technical capacities and are therefore unable to meet the demands of the programme. This will only be resolved by building the institutional capabilities of frontline administration and local governments to deliver the scheme.
Of course there are serious problems of corruption and weak implementation both in poor and non-poor States. There is ample evidence that the poor often receive less than their share of wages, that payment is delayed and that corruption in the use of materials in MGRNEGA work sites is on the increase. But the reform challenge this poses is one of governance and this ought to be the focus of the debate on re-structuring MGNREGA.
Delayed payments, corruption
Second, that self-targeting works suggests that in a country where the debate on identifying the poor is riddled with controversy, MGNREGA’s “self-targeting” design may well be the most effective way of ensuring that income support programmes reach those who need it. Any restructuring ought to strengthen rather than weaken this self-targeting design. This is why the debate on MGNREGA versus cash transfers, as it is currently framed, simply misses the point. Whatever the arguments for and against cash transfers, if cash transfers are to work, we first need to know who India’s poor are and how best to reach them — two things over which there is more controversy than consensus.
It is in this context that the proposed changes to tweak the wage-material ratio and restrict the MGNREGA to backward regions need to be discussed. Will the shift in the wage-material ratio compromise self-targeting? Increasing the material component is likely to result in an increase in the use of machines thereby limiting the scope of employing unskilled labour. This may lead to further rationing of work, especially in poorly governed states. Moreover, given that there are already leakages when it comes to the use of materials for worksites, greater use of materials will only enhance rather than reduce corruption. The policy question therefore is whether the objective of building infrastructure and an employment guarantee can be achieved through the same programme. And if so, how best to design it?
An important argument being made in favour of changing the wage-material ratio is that of ensuring flexibility. No doubt, in a country as large and varied as India, a one-size-fits-all centralised rule is a recipe for failure. But if greater flexibility is the objective then the restructuring ought to move beyond just the wage-material issue to ensure more effective devolution of powers to Panchayats so that they have real authority to identify infrastructure works and plan for MGNREGA expenditure, which today is determined almost entirely by the diktats of the Indian government and the whims and fancies of the district magistrates.
Finally, MGNREGA’s Achilles heel is weak governance capacity. It is unclear how the move to restrict the scheme to backward regions, that already have capacity constraints, will solve this problem. Re-structuring should rather focus on building the frontline — improving staff capacity and deepening local government involvement in delivering the programme.
The good news is that MGNREGA has witnessed a proliferation of experiments, mostly in better governed States, from creating improved financial management systems to using technology-enabled banking solutions like smart cards, social audits and building grievance redressal systems. The focus must now be on evaluating these experiments and drawing lessons to improve administration in the poorly governed States.
(Yamini Aiyar is a senior research fellow at the Centre for Policy Research and Director of the Accountability Initiative)

Trilokpuri  a tinderbox againUpdated: November 8, 2014 02:05 IST
Trilokpuri, a tinderbox again
Rioting went on all night on October 24 in Trilokpuri. A policeman walks past a burnt shop at the site of violence in New Delhi late last month. Photo: PTI
SLIDESHOW
unrest, conflicts and war
Unless the government takes active steps to restore justice and maintain dialogue, the fissures between the majority Hindus and minority Muslims may only widen
Trilokpuri, a slum resettlement colony set up in 1975 across the river Yamuna, witnessed the most brutal massacre of Sikhs in Delhi in 1984. Over three days following the assassination of Indira Gandhi on 31 October 1984, 350 Sikhs, predominantly from families who made string cots for a living, were stabbed and burned to death in Block 32 here, 15 km from the Parliament.
Thirty years on, Trilokpuri is tense and fearful after the majority Hindus — Punjabis and Valmiki Dalits — and minority Muslims clashed with and pelted each other’s homes with stones over three days from October 23-26. “I witnessed how they cornered the Sikhs and burned them to death in 1984. It was the same now; they had surrounded Block 27 from six sides. This is where the influential Muslims live, they wanted to send a message,” says Bablu Khan, who sells eggs from a cart. “The Muslim families removed their vehicles from here before the stone pelting began. The violence was planned,” says Balraj Talwar, a resident, and local convenor, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), which holds the Trilokpuri Assembly seat, has blamed the BJP for inciting the violence with an eye on political gains. Advocates Vrinda Grover and Aslam Ahmed, who petitioned the National Commission for Minorities to intervene in the matter, have alleged that with the Lieutenant Governor away, there was no institutional intervention for several crucial hours. They alleged that the Delhi Police acted in a biased manner, arresting a disproportionately high number of Muslim youth as though Muslims were the aggressor community when this could not be corroborated with evidence.
Six shops have been looted and burned down. At least eight youth are undergoing treatment for bullet injuries, of whom the families of two minors say the injuries resulted from policemen firing into the crowd.
Several rows of one-room tenements in Sanjay Camp in Block 27 lie vacant after hundreds of Muslim women and children left home fearing for their safety.
Origin of clashes
Trilokpuri, with a majority Dalit population, is a reserved constituency. With a population of over 1.5 lakh, Blocks 1 to 36 in Trilokpuri make up the majority of the constituency, which includes parts of Kalyanpuri. Each block contains 500 houses, several of which are one-room tenements lined on either side of narrow alleyways. Muslim families live in Blocks 15, 20, 27, with some families residing in Block 32 and Block 36, next to two mosques, the majority being Hindu households. The area holds several bootlegging and satta (gambling) businesses.
Hindu residents trace the origin of the clashes to the setting up of a mata ki chowki (a makeshift shrine for goddesses) at what was earlier a garbage dump inside Block 20. Eleven Hindu youth set up the shrine clearing the plot of construction material and garbage, collecting Rs. 1 lakh from the neighbours to hold a chowki seven years after the first one was held in 2007. Hindu residents of Block 20 allege that on September 25, the first day of navaratra, they spotted two Muslim youth from Block 27 urinating near the shrine, following which they beat one of them and registered a police complaint.
A month later, on Diwali on October 23, they allege Muslim youth drank and threw meat in the vicinity of the shrine and the Hindus pelted them with stones in response. “After our second complaint on Diwali, a Muslim was made Investigating Officer (I.O.) by Mayur Vihar police station. This angered the residents. Also, the police had arrested Mubin Salmani, whose sons have a reputation for criminal activities, that night but let him off the next morning,” recounted Tilak Raj Tanwar, a shopkeeper and resident. According to Muslim residents, both Hindu and Muslim youth were drinking together on Diwali near the shrine before the argument broke out.
The next day, on the evening of October 24, hundreds of Hindus gathered at the office of former BJP MLA Sunil Vaid in Block 21. This meeting, in which the crowds blocked the roads for a couple of hours is described by both communities as having preceded aggressive stone-throwing and violence.
“The police was taking no action against the Muslims. I called the Deputy Commissioner of Police Ajay Kumar. He sent the Assistant Commissioner of Police to my office. I told the ACP the police may not have intended it but a Muslim policeman — Md Hassan — had been appointed Investigating Officer into our October 23 complaint, and that he should be removed,” said Sunil Vaid of BJP who was MLA Trilokpuri till last year.
Rioting went on all night on October 24. In early hours of the morning, a three-storey garment showroom A-Z Garments owned by a Muslim entrepreneur was burned down in Block 27. The next morning, angry mobs broke the locks of Babu Khan's scrap shop in Block 28 before ransacking and setting fire to a meat shop nearby. “Men carrying stones and swords surrounded our house chanting Har Har Mahadev. They climbed on terraces nearby and hurled stones. Wearing only helmets and vests, they took off their pants to threaten us with rape,” recounts Tarana Khan, an M.A. Economics student at Delhi University. Muslim women and girls who returned to Sanjay Camp after staying away at relatives' homes for a week alleged policemen shouted abuses at them while forcing them to open their houses, arresting any Muslim youth they could find. “They broke the lock and the door, and hit me with a rifle,” said Sultana Bibi (in her 50s), who makes paper envelopes for a living, revealing a large black and blue bruise on her left knee. Her neighbour Mehrunissa, who has since sent her daughter away to Ghaziabad pointed to fresh cracks in her house's door and the curtain torn into half.
Mayur Vihar police station records show that over the next four days, the police arrested 48 persons – 37 Muslims, 11 Hindus. After registering a generic FIR regarding the communal violence, the police turned down requests for individual FIRs, including from Ishrar Khan and Babu Khan whose shops were burned down. “I cannot register 200 FIRs, one for every incident,” said DCP Ajay Kumar, declining to comment on the pattern of arrests.
Families of two teenagers, Arjun and Ajeet, who both suffered bullet injuries while returning home from tuition classes on October 25 say they witnessed both getting shot as policemen fired into the crowd. Arjun, a student of class IX, was shot in the face and is still critical. DCP Kumar said there was no enquiry into who was responsible for the firing.
Long-term fissures
Trilokpuri remained under curfew for over 10 days. The government is yet to declare who will compute and provide compensation for the losses of properties as well as of wages for daily wage workers, and whether there will be a review of the arrests.
Hindu residents express a lingering suspicion of their neighbours. Muslim residents say they feel deeply distrustful of the police and fear sexual violence.
“The men from Block 17 kept pelting stones, making vulgar gestures. Give us 24 hours we will finish off everything, they said. The police did nothing,” says Fareen Khan, a B.A. first year student in Block 27. “I am a follower of Babasaheb (Ambedkar); I understand how caste and religion operates. But that night when I saw the goddess' crown had fallen and the stones thrown on the shrine, I felt angry. These people have no mercy, they will stop at nothing,” says Arjun Valmiki, a B.A. student in Block 20.
Unless the government takes active steps to restore justice and maintain dialogue, these fissures may only widen.
anumeha.y@thehindu.co.in

Sachins Playing It My Way breaks multiple recordsUpdated: November 8, 2014 10:51 IST
Sachin’s ‘Playing It My Way’ breaks multiple records
IANS
PTI According to reports, on the day of release and before sales began, 150,000 copies had already been pre-ordered to Hachette India.
TOPICS
celebrity
On the day of release and before sales began, 150,000 copies had already been pre-ordered to Hachette India
Cricketer Sachin Tendulkar’s autobiography ‘Playing It My Way’ has broken all records of an adult hardback on pre-order subscriptions across both - fiction and non-fiction - categories, a statement from the publishers said.
Tendulkar’s book broke the record set by Steve Jobs’ biography by Walter Isaacson, which had sold 130,000 copies.
According to reports, on the day of release and before sales began, 150,000 copies had already been pre-ordered to Hachette India, the publishers of the book.
“It is no surprise that the master blaster’s pen talks up records at the same pace as his bat. We’re delighted that he has now notched up a thousand hundreds on debut, and we’re sure that this innings has only just begun,” Thomas Abraham, managing director, Hachette India, said, in a statement.

Anand finds a way to hold CarlsenUpdated: November 9, 2014 00:24 IST
Anand finds a way to hold Carlsen
Rakesh Rao
AP Despite Anand’s brisk start, Carlsen slowly seized the initiative to become the aggressor in the opening game on Saturday.
SLIDESHOW
world championship
“If you don’t hit first, you get hit.”
This much-believed maxim among those pursuing combat sports, like boxing, seemed to be Viswanathan Anand’s mantra against on Magnus Carlsen in the opening game of the World championship in Sochi on Saturday.
Anand began with an aggressive intent but it did not last long. Carlsen slowly seized the initiative to become the aggressor. Between moves 30 and 40, Anand played “some imperceptibly careless moves and things started to get annoying” and conceded the kind of miniscule ground that Carlsen seldom misses to exploit. Later, in the press conference, Anand chose Move 34, “to pick a number,” from where he felt things started to go wrong for him.
So optically, from a position of comfort in the first 20 moves, after getting what he wanted to get out of the opening phase of Grunfeld Defence, Anand gradually lost his way.
The body language of the players changed dramatically. Carlsen, sensing his chances, looked increasingly keen whereas Anand kept shifting nervously in his chair.
Eventually, Anand’s stubborn defence coupled with Carlsen’s questionable choice of square to place his rook on the 42nd move, gave the game a late twist. Anand’s queen found a way to Carlsen’s king and forced a draw by perpetual checks after 48 moves.
“To be honest, it (the position) did not require so much (to hold). In the end, I am happy to have found a good way out,” said Anand about his defensive idea that Carlsen admittedly missed.
The Norwegian said, “I was a bit tentative at the start. Then I was a bit worse but managed to get a slightly better position. Once Anand found the queen-move (on the 44th move) I did not see how I was winning. Overall, I am happy to start with a draw with black pieces.”
To start with, seated behind the white pieces, Anand chose to test the World champion by opening with the queen-pawn, unlike the king-pawn start he adopted in Chennai last year, and the resultant Grunfeld Defence gave rise to some exciting possibilities.
Brisk start
As though to make a statement, Anand blitzed the first 13 moves in just four minutes while Carlsen consumed more than 45! Early exchanges of minor pieces followed, as seen in this kind of set-up, before Anand sat thinking after he castled on the queen-side.
With the players choosing to castle on opposite sides of the board, Anand’s fractured pawn-structure on the kingside gave Carlsen some hope of a favourable endgame if the contest reached that stage. Anand had to tread carefully.
Anand took his time and the game slowly hung in balance. Now it was Carlsen’s turn to pose questions. Anand had to ensure that the position remained dynamic and not drifted into a dry, equal endgame where he would be playing long for a draw.
Gradually, after further simplification, the players were left with a queen, a rook and two pawns each on both flank as the game headed for the first time-control and made 40 moves in their two hours of stipulated time.
Though computer analysis projected Carlsen as fractionally better after 21 moves, Anand was never in any danger of losing. However, around the 40th move, Carlsen had left Anand worried for the first time in the game.
Anand’s choice of opening was clearly influenced by the kind of start he got in Game 9 of the last World championship clash. Though he blundered to lose that game after holding a promising position for the better part, it was clear that a pro-active approach from Anand was the only way to push Carlsen on the defensive.
On this day, Carlsen gained ground as the game grew longer. He continued in an equal position, something he loves to do. Unlike most players, Carlsen neither offers nor accepts draw in positions where he convinced that he cannot lose.
This was one such position and he pressed on. Anand had to summon his best defensive skills to stay out of harm’s way. And he did.

12 million dementia patients in India by 2050: Reportmental illness
The number of people suffering from Dementia in India is expected to rise to 12 million by 2050, witnessing an unprecedented three-fold rise, according to a new report.
“By 2050, the number of people in the Asia Pacific Region suffering from dementia will rise to 71 million from 23 million in 2015 with India coming second only to China with over 12 million likely victims of dementia,” the report by Alzheimer’s’ Disease International (ADI) said.
The report titled “Dementia in Asia Pacific Region” also highlights the tremendous costs associated with the malady, which is characterised by progressive loss of the powers of the brain, in the Asia-Pacific region, a figure which currently stands at USD 185 million.
Out of it 70 per cent is borne by the advanced economies, which only account for 18 per cent of the regional prevalence of the disease.
The report, which was released on Friday by the NHRC Chairman Justice K.G. Balakrishnan at the 17th Asia Pacific Regional Conference of ADI, also includes recommendations for the government and other stake holders to recognise the imperative need for increased awareness, education and research in Dementia.
“The figures show that dementia will present an overwhelming financial and human burden to health and care systems. Governments need to play a very pro-active role in tackling the situation related to dementia,” said Dr K Jacob Roy, Chairman of Alzheimer’s Disease International (ADI).
The most common types of Dementia are Alzheimer’s disease and vascular dementia. These diseases damage and kill brain cells, hampering its normal functioning.
The disease causes problems with memory, communication and thinking. Sometimes performing activities such as handling money and dressing become a task for people affected with dementia.

NLC earns Rs. 259.35 cr. in profitUpdated: November 9, 2014 10:29 IST
NLC earns Rs. 259.35 cr. in profit
Special Correspondent
earnings
The Neyveli Lignite Corporation, a Navranta public sector company, has earned a net profit of Rs. 259.35 crore for the second quarter —from July to September 2014 — of the current financial year (2014-2015).
NLC Chairman-cum-Managing Director B. Surender Mohan made the announcement in a report presented to the Board of Directors in Chennai on Friday. A statement from the NLC said that for the same period in the previous fiscal (2013-2014), the company netted Rs. 240 crore. In terms of profit, the NLC achieved a growth of 8.06 per cent, compared with the second quarter of the previous financial year.

TVS Motor plans engine plant in Himachal PradeshUpdated: November 8, 2014 23:19 IST
TVS Motor plans engine plant in Himachal Pradesh
Pradeesh Chandran
plant opening
TVS Motor Company is planning to set up a new engine manufacturing plant in Himachal Pradesh with an investment of about Rs.150 crore. It will be the company’s second manufacturing plant in the State.
“We are planning to invest Rs.150 crore in Himachal Pradesh for setting up a new engine plant. We have already submitted application to the government for the facility,” said TVS Motor Company director R. Ramakrishnan.
The company plans to construct the new facility on 50 acres near its existing unit in Nalagarh in Solan district. Earlier in 2007, the company started operation of its first manufacturing unit in the State to cater to the northern and central parts of India. With the latest proposal, planned new investment, the total investment made by the company in the State would be around Rs.270 crore.
Apart from the new engine plant, the company is planning to double the manufacturing capacity of its existing plant within one year. At present,
TVS Motor makes around three lakh units of two-wheelers such as TVS Star City, TVS Sport, TVS Jupiter and Moped in the Nalagarh plant.
“We are getting tremendous support form the HP Government. We have applied for 50 acres of land, and expect to get clearance for the new facility soon,” said Mr. Ramakrishnan after meeting Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh here.
Mr. Virbhadra Singh, who visited Bengaluru to woo investors to his State, had offered 24 hours uninterrupted power to industries setting up facility in the State.
According to the company official, around Rs.900 crore of its overall revenue is from the sales of two-wheelers manufactured in Himachal Pradesh. Apart from the Himachal plant, the company has manufacturing facilities in Mysore and Hosur.
In October, two-wheeler sales of the company grew by 22 per cent to 2.32 lakh units while the two wheeler exports increased by 65.3 per cent to 27,696 units.

Uber looks to pick up another $1bn in equitySAN FRANCISCO, November 8, 2014
Updated: November 8, 2014 23:23 IST
Uber looks to pick up another $1bn in equity
Reuters
company information
U.S. taxi service firm Uber said it was in early talks with investors to raise money at a higher valuation than $17 billion it secured with June’s round of funding, Financial Times reported on Friday citing people familiar with the matter.
Uber is planning to raise at least $1 billion more in capital from its existing investors, which include Blackrock, TPG, Google Ventures (capital investment arm of Google ) and Menlo Ventures, and new funds from beyond Wall Street and Silicon Valley, especially in Asia. The company still has $1 billion in the bank from its most recent round, Financial Times reported, citing people familiar with Uber’s finances.
The ridesharing company gained ground in Las Vegas last week when a District Court judge ruled against a restraining order that would have temporarily prohibited it from operating in Clark County, the Las Vegas Review-Journal reported.
Taxi drivers around the world have urged lawmakers to regulate or ban such services, which allow users to use apps on their smartphones to hire a private driver, rather than calling a taxi company.
Uber could not be immediately reached for comment.

Train carrying automobiles flagged offTrain carrying automobiles flagged off
Our Bureau
DV Sadananda Gowda, Railway Minister, flagging off AutoLinx, the rail carrier of automobiles at Melpakkam near Chennai on Friday. DP Pandey (right), Member (Traffic), Railway Board, and Bill Garrett (left), CEO, APL Logistics Vascor Automotive Ltd, look on. - C VENKATACHALAPATHY
Chennai, November 7:  
Railway Minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Friday flagged off AutoLinxSM, a train designed to carry automobiles.
Developed by Delhi-based APL Logistics Vascor Automotive, a joint venture between APL Logistics and Vascor, AutoLinxSM completed trial runs in October. It was launched at Melpakkam near Chennai, according to a press release from Southern Railway.
APL Logistics Vascor is the first third-party logistics provider to offer rail-based services under the Automobile Freight Train Operator license administered by Indian Railways.
Carrying around 280 finished vehicles, the train left Melpakkam and is expected to arrive at the multi-modal logistics park of Container Corporation of India at Khatuwas near Delhi next week. AutoLinxSM will run fortnightly between Chennai and New Delhi. Service frequency will be increased and more destinations added to the network in the coming months.
Trial runs were conducted in close collaboration with four automotive OEMs: Ford, Honda, Hyundai, and Renault-Nissan.
The trials, which began in September, focused on the service corridor between Chennai and Delhi, and involved the handling, movement, and delivery of more than 1,100 finished vehicles, according to a company press release.
The SR release quoting DP Pandey, Member Traffic, Railway Board, said that Indian Railways have been running automobile rakes either through Railway’s investment or by disjointed private investment.
However, after the announcement of the new policy by the Ministry of Railways, interest has arisen in acquiring rakes and registering as an Auto Freight Transport Operator.
This is the first rake to be run in South India through private investment by a firm of international repute in supply chain management in auto sector and has market expertise in finished vehicle logistics.
(This article was published on November 7, 2014)
Related

Sleuths re-examine Sunanda Pushkars room  collect more evidencepolitics
The hotel room, where former Union minister Shashi Tharoor’s wife Sunanda Pushkar was found dead under mysterious circumstances on January 17 has been re-examined by police and forensic experts who claimed to have found some fresh evidence.
According to police officials, they have stumbled upon fluid marks on the bed and the carpet and a broken glass in suite number 345 of Leela Palace hotel here which will be now sent to Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL) for examination.
“We have found a broken glass from the crime scene and collected traces of fluids mark on the bed. These fresh evidences will be sent to CFSL,” said a police officer.
The recovery, however, raises questions over the investigation so far as to why these things were not picked up when the “crime scene” was first inspected on January 17.
The suit of the five star hotel had remained sealed from that day and was opened for the first time recently.
The investigations were initiated after AIIMS medical board in its second report confirmed poisoning as the reason behind her death, which has been their earlier stand too, but said that the details of the crime scene were not shared with them.
The doctors have not specified the kind of poison and how it reached inside Sunanda’s body.
The panel had also advised police to get the bed sheet and pillow of Sunanda forensically tested.
The medical board concluded that Pushkar’s vital organs like kidney, lungs and liver were functioning normally and that her death was caused by poisoning.
Delhi Police Commissioner BS Bassi had said the fresh reports submitted to them were “inconclusive” and “based on conjecture”.

A coachs fresh pathUpdated: November 9, 2014 18:39 IST
A coach’s fresh path
K. C. Vijaya Kumar
The Hindu Cricketer Sunil Joshi who announced his retirement before the press conference in Bangalore. Phoro : K . Bhagya Prakash
TOPICS
cricket
Sunil Joshi, who has taken over as coach of the Jammu and Kashmir cricket team, exudes confidence over his latest assignment. The former India and Karnataka spinner believes that J & K can grow as a squad considering the talent in its ranks
Jammu and Kashmir has been in the news for all kinds of reasons. Aesthetic? Think Haider, Vishal Bharadwaj’s evocative movie. Tragic? Shudder in shock over the snuffing off innocent lives inside a car shelled by the army. Euphoric?
Revel in J & K’s stunning two-wicket victory over Delhi in the recent Vijay Hazare Trophy limited overs tournament match at Bilaspur.
That last bit of news is a fabulous illustration of sport tiding over all kinds of crises that engulf the scenic northern State.
And while Parveez Rasool’s men exulted after shocking Delhi that had the likes of Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir, a man with Gadag roots and a home on the bustling Hosur Road, grinned inside the J & K dressing room.
Sunil Joshi couldn’t have asked for a better start to his latest coaching assignment. Having signed up with J & K after a round of parleys lasting over a month, the former India and Karnataka left-arm spinner has quietly got to work with his wards.
Serving as a guide does come naturally to Joshi, who as a veteran, assisted the juniors in the Karnataka team during his playing days.
Subsequently, he donned the coach’s mantle and helped Hyderabad cope with the pangs of transition over three years before the call from Srinagar made him shift his gaze beyond the Vindhyas. It did help that his cricketing inspiration Bishan Singh Bedi was also associated with the Kashmir squad in the past.
Speaking over phone, Joshi cannot mask the thrill in his voice.
“To be frank, I am over-excited. The Jammu and Kashmir team has lots of talent. Parveez Rasool is obviously a huge inspiration, having been a part of the India ‘A’ and senior teams. What I as a coach relish the most is the array of fast bowling talent available in this part of India. Genetically they are tall and strong and this helps them as fast bowlers,” Joshi said.
Elaborating upon the fast bowling arsenal at his disposal, Joshi lauded the pack. “They are extremely fit and bowlers like Samiullah Beigh and others can clock 140kmph.
“Against Delhi I told the fast bowlers not to worry about Sehwag and Gambhir’s reputations and just focus on their job. I am glad it paid off. It is good that besides fast bowlers, we do have some promising young batsmen,” the coach said.
Speaking about his own evolution as coach, Joshi summed up: “When I started with Hyderabad I was still young as a coach and it was excellent to have the support of the players there and it was also a blessing that someone like V.V.S. Laxman encouraged me. I matured as a coach with Hyderabad, got my insights into man-management. Basically as coach I spread whatever I learnt as a player over two decades and I try and help cricketers believe in themselves.”
J & K did remarkably well in the last season, securing a quarterfinal berth in the Ranji Trophy. Joshi believes that the present squad can take that legacy forward. “There is remarkable talent in this group; just that they need to play more. I am completely focussed on Jammu and Kashmir cricket and I want the team to do well this season,” he said.
What about coaching Karnataka?
“Right now it is just J & K for me. As for the future, there is time. I am also grateful to my employer Canara Bank, for being sports-friendly and granting me the needed leave when I go on my coaching assignments, without their support, I wouldn’t have been able to progress so far,” Joshi said while nursing the fond hope of Kashmir striking the right notes in cricket.

Gold futures decline on globalcuesGold futures price falls on global cues
Gold prices edged marginally lower at Rs 25,462 per 10 grams in futures trading at the Multi Commodity Exchange today as participants trimmed positions in line with a weak global trend.
MCX opened for the evening session as it remained closed in the morning on account of ‘Guru Nanak Jayanti’.
Gold for delivery in December contracts declined by Rs 31, or 0.12 per cent to Rs 25,462 per 10 gram in business turnover of 857 lots.
Similarly, the metal for delivery in February contracts traded lower by Rs 8, or 0.03 per cent to Rs 25,663 per 10 gram in 9 lots.
Market analysts said offloading of positions by speculators in tandem with a weak global trend mainly put pressure on gold prices at futures trade here.
Globally, gold fell by 2.41 per cent to USD 1,140 an ounce in New York yesterday.
TAGS: Gold Price Gold Rate
More from commodities

FTSE steadies after gaining on DraghiscommentsFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Britain’s top share steadied in late trading on Thursday after surrendering earlier gains, with RSA leading insurers lower on weak premiums and drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline slipping after trading without the attraction of its latest dividend.
RSA fell 3.7 percent, the top faller in the blue-chip FTSE 100 index, after saying premiums had fallen this year because of soft markets and its focus on areas offering higher returns. Insurer Admiral dropped 2.6 percent.
The FTSE 100 was up 0.08 percent at 6,544.28 points by 1557 GMT, after rising up to 6,580.21 on European Central Bank President Mario Draghi’s comments that the governing Council was unanimous in its commitment to use additional unconventional instruments within its mandate as risks to the recovery remained skewed to the downside.
“Draghi’s comments on the ECB’s preparedness to stimulate the economy helped the market to climb higher initially, but some of those gains evaporated due to the lack of concrete details,” Tom Robertson, senior trader at Accendo Markets.
“However, his comments have reassured investors as the strategy has worked for the U.S. economy, which is back on track after the financial crisis.”
Weaker drugmakers also weighed on the index. Britain’s top drugmaker GlaxoSmithKline fell 2 percent, wiping 5.5 points off the blue-chip FTSE 100 index, of which about two-thirds of the points were lost because the stock went ex-dividend.
Glaxo was the biggest decliner in the UK pharmaceutical and biotechnology index, which fell 1.2 percent.
AstraZeneca, which saw off a $118 billion takeover bid from Pfizer in May, fell 1 percent after announcing third-quarter results. It raised 2014 sales forecast but some traders said its results would have needed to be quite dramatic to have boosted its shares.
“(AstraZeneca’s) third-quarter earnings per share have fallen, with investment into potential new blockbuster drugs still ongoing. Revenues in Europe have retreated, whilst the resumption of a progressive dividend policy has yet to be made,” Keith Bowman, analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown Stockbrokers, said.
However, the market was underpinned by a rally in retail stocks. The FTSE 350 food and drug retailers index  rose 3.8 percent, boosted by a 5.9 percent jump in WM Morrisons  after Britain’s No. 4 grocer reassured over its full-year outlook despite missing sales forecasts.
The stock remains down nearly 35 percent for the year, with traders saying that it was attractively valued, and any good news was likely to be seized upon.
“They were a miss but forward guidance looks pretty decent. On a valuation basis excluding any spinning off of property assets, they remain good value over the medium term,” Atif Latif, director of trading at Guardian Stockbrokers, said.
“If we can see evidence of stability and … increasing market share versus Lidl and Aldi, we still see upside price action from here.”
Fellow supermarkets Tesco and Sainsbury, which also have suffered from price competition with low-cost alternatives, rose 3.5 percent and 5.9 percent respectively.
Sainsbury’s showed off its answer to discounters Aldi and Lidl on Thursday with the opening of its first Netto-branded store, tasked to win over thrifty shoppers.
Marks & Spencer rose 6 percent, benefiting from a spate of upgrades from brokers and banks such as Goldman Sachs, UBS and Citigroup, building on a 9.7 percent rise on Wednesday after its own encouraging results.

US stocks: Dow  S&P 500 hit records in volatiletradingFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
US stocks edged up in a volatile session on Thursday, with the Dow and S&P 500 hitting fresh record closing highs on an indication that the European Central Bank would take more policy action if needed to boost a struggling euro zone economy.
Major indexes fluctuated between positive and negative territory throughout the day. Cyclical shares, ones tied to the pace of economic growth, were among the strongest. But weak results from Qualcomm pressured chipmakers.
ECB President Mario Draghi indicated support for additional measures to bolster the euro zone economy if necessary and said the ECB governing council was unanimous in its commitment to using unconventional measures.
The defensive telecom and utilities  sectors were the weakest on the day, off 0.8 and 1.8 percent, respectively. Industrial shares rose 1.1 percent as the strongest sector of the day.
Draghi “brought more clarity but there’s still more to come out, and it isn’t healthy to focus on hopes for stimulus instead of fundamentals,” said Michael O’Rourke, chief market strategist at JonesTrading in Greenwich, Connecticut.
Qualcomm Inc pressured the tech sector, slumping 8.6 percent to $70.58 a day after it said an antitrust investigation and problems collecting royalties could harm its business in China next year. Orbitz Worldwide  fell 9.2 percent to $7.70 following its results.
Genworth Financial plummeted 38.5 percent to $8.66 in heavy trading, its biggest one-day drop since November 2008 during the financial crisis. Tom McInerney, Genworth’s chief executive, said he was “very disappointed” by the results of its U.S. life insurance division.
Whole Foods Market Inc jumped 12.2 percent to $44.85 after its results beat expectations on Wednesday, boosted by gains in market share and new product launches.  The stock notched its biggest one-day advance since May 2013.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 69.94 points, or 0.4 percent, to 17,554.5, the S&P 500 gained 7.64 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,031.2 and the Nasdaq Composite  added 17.75 points, or 0.38 percent, to 4,638.47.
About 6 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, below the 7.3 billion average for the last five sessions.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 1,730 to 1,327, for a 1.30-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,557 issues rose and 1,121 fell for a 1.39-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The benchmark S&P 500 index posted 72 new 52-week highs and three new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 118 new highs and 61 new lows.

BSE Sensex rises 55 pts on capitalinflowsThe benchmark BSE Sensex gained over 55 points in early trade today on foreign capital inflows amid hopes of announcement of more reforms by the government.
Besides, a mixed trend at other Asian bourses influenced trading sentiments here.
The 30-share index, which had gained 55.50 points in the previous session, rose by 55.03 points, or 0.20 per cent, to 27,970.91 with realty, banking, capital goods, FMCG, auto and IT stocks leading the rise.
The NSE Nifty also edged higher by 22.05 points, or 0.26 per cent, to 8,360.35.
Stock markets remained closed yesterday on account of “Guru Nanak Jayanti”.
Brokers said sentiments remained upbeat on sustained foreign fund inflows on expectations that the government would announce more reforms.
Besides, falling global crude oil prices raised hopes of a rate cut by the RBI.
Meanwhile, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Wednesday promised reforms in labour, land acquisition and insurance laws and expressed readiness to look at privatisation of some loss-making public sector companies.
Among other Asian markets, Japan’s Nikkei rose 0.84 per cent, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng shed 0.18 per cent in early trade today. The US Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at a new record-high by rising 0.40 per cent in yesterday’s trade.

Manmohan Singh should have put foot down  cancelled 2G licences: P ChidambaramNarendra Modi’s bottom-up idea to replace Plan panel secures support of CMs
Former finance minister P Chidambaram on Friday said he had suggested to the UPA government to cancel 2G licences once it came out as a scandal. Though his suggestion was considered, the government decided to let the court take a call, perhaps due to apprehension of litigation by numerous licencees, he added.
Participating in a discussion with Finance Minister Arun Jaitley at the launch of Consulting Editor, The India Today Group, Rajdeep Sardesai’s book “2014: The Election That Changed India”, Chidambaram said the then prime minister Manmohan Singh “should have put his foot down” without waiting for the Supreme Court order.
“The issue of 2G licence could have been handled differently. The prime minister could have put his foot down and said I would not let you follow the first-come-first-serve policy… Or he could have cancelled the licences without waiting for the court order… Once it came out as a scandal, the government should have cancelled it… I suggested so and it was considered. But the decision was to let the court take a decision,” Chidambaram said. “If we had cancelled, we might have contained the damage. It was a pretty simple decision, rather than suffering a judgment,” he said.
According to Chidambaram, the Congress-led UPA would not have lost the elections so badly if the government had got the “economy right”. Chidambaram, who had moved from the Finance Ministry to the Home Ministry in the aftermath of the 2008 Mumbai terror attack, said the measures including the stimulus packages during the global crisis led to the government losing control over the domestic economy.
In the conversation moderated by Karan Thapar, Chidambaram said it was not just the 2G scam that led to the fall of the UPA government. “This election (2014) was an uphill task for us. Ten years in office and the anti-incumbency is a millstone around your neck,” he said. He added that the BJP would still have been the largest party.
Chidambaram also clarified that the controversial budget proposal on retrospective taxation could not have been taken without consultation with the PM. “It was a budget proposal… It was discussed between the PM and the finance minister only… I think the matter was discussed and what all I know about, I will say in the the book I am writing,” he said. Pranab Mukherjee, President of India, was the finance minister then.
Chidambaram, who recently suggested that Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and vice-president Rahul Gandhi should put in place an action plan for the party’s revival, however, refused to make any comments on Rahul’s leadership during the campaign. When Sardesai commented that Rahul, who seemed to have a split personality, had failed to be consistent in his decisions, Chidambaram said, “I don’t pry into the private lives of any leader.”
On Narendra Modi, to whom Rahul was often compared with, Chidambaram said, “(Prime Minister) Modi wears his political ambition on his sleeves. If you ask me I wouldn’t wear it on my sleeves. I wouldn’t make it so obvious. Politics means seize the opportunity and do it. You may have different views on it.”
He, however, acknowledged the 2014 election was “won by Modi” for the BJP. “He brought certain qualities which enhanced the quality of your victory. There is no denial. BJP’s magnitude of victory was attributed to his strategy,” he said, adding that the massive campaign, however, did not help the BJP win Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Orissa and West Bengal.
TAGS: 2G Scam Manmohan Singh P Chidambaram
More from economy

Column: Who does inflation-targeting targetLetters to  the editor
In several previous articles, I have made the point that at least in India, monetary policy (MP) has had precious little effect on inflation. From this it does not follow that MP is inconsequential because importantly, MP has had a large effect on growth. Real interest rates matter for capital formation and growth, and the lower such rates, ceteris paribus, the higher the investment and, therefore, growth. Now, before a smart graduate student objects and states that there will be no investment if land acquisition laws are enforced, or no investment if retrospective taxation is enforced, or no investment if projects don’t get cleared, or little investment when it is so difficult to do business in India… Of course, of course, of course. But for the umpteenth time, let me emphasise the importance of the Latin god, ceteris paribus, or a situation where all other things are equal. In a lay-woman’s terms, this is a situation where, for example, only interest rates are changed, and all other factors are isolated from causing any disruptions or confounding shocks to the system.
As discussed in several of my columns—the latest being yesterday’s “RBI: A cut in time saves nine”, goo.gl/UWGzB7—RBI has little empirical basis for not aggressively cutting rates. Anchoring of inflationary expectations, on which RBI has spent considerable intellectual and policy energy, has been repeatedly revealed to be a false god. It is high time RBI consulted with the many organisations involved in political and economic polling to design their questionnaire on inflation expectations. I am happy to offer my services. But the RBI inflation expectations survey has to improve; at present, it is an embarrassment to RBI and all those involved in statistical work in India.
There is one other (chinks-prone?) armour that RBI uses while defending the delay in reducing policy rates. They can argue, as some rate-hawk experts are doing, that RBI should wait until the implementation of the new monetary policy, the “inflation-targeting framework”. This framework would bestow all authority to RBI for setting monetary policy, i.e., no formal intervention of politicians will be possible. The logic of this recommendation, to wait, escapes me. It is like saying the present government should not have prepared a Budget in July since they were going to present a full Budget in February.
In any case, the “inflation-targeting” model deserves a fuller examination. What evidence exists that inflation targeting works in reducing inflation in an economy? One might think that the RBI’s Urjit Patel committee’s voluminous Report of the Expert Committee to Revise and Strengthen the Monetary Policy Framework might have some evidence regarding this important question. It does not. What it does have is a lot of discussion on the junk RBI inflation expectations survey (the very first chart shows inflation expectations in September 2013 at 13% for September 2014; the actual number was 6.5 %). On page 21, the report does present a table for the year of adoption of inflation-targeting, the fiscal balance on that date, and the fiscal balance in 2007.
There are two problems with this table; first, one would have expected documentation of where the fiscal balance was in 2013; second, this presentation takes for granted that there is a confirmed one-to-one link between fiscal imbalances and inflation. Peruse through any document of RBI, or any research paper, which shows any statistical (not theoretical and not ideological) link between fiscal deficits and inflation in India. There is a reward waiting for you upon finding this evidence—however, if I were you, I would not waste my time.
But the nation needs to know the inflation reduction record of targeting and non-targeting countries. And a fair amount of academic literature does exist on this subject. The accompanying table shows the inflation record of several economies grouped according to whether they formally adopted targeting versus those that did not. The former are further separated into Asian and non-Asian economies. The years have been grouped as follows. First, a base period before the advent of targeting, i.e., the years 1991 to 1996. The second time-group is for the period of the Asian financial crisis, 1997 to 2000. The third for the pre-global crisis period, 2001 to 2006; and the fourth, for the post global crisis period, 2009 to 2013.
The following data are presented for each group of countries, and India and China separately: The CPI inflation level for the base period, and the average change in the inflation rate for different periods; in addition, the IMF WEO forecast of inflation in 2015 is also reported.
A robust conclusion is that there is no evidence that inflation-targeting works! The average reduction in inflation for the non-targeting countries between 1991-96 and 2009-13 is 2.5%, and excluding India, 2.9 %. For the Asian targetters, the reduction is considerably less at 2.1%! For the non-Asian targetters the decline is somewhat greater, at 3.6%. India’s record in inflation decline, at least till 2006, is among the best. From near double-digit levels 1991-96, inflation averaged less than 5 % between 1997 and 2006. In summary, there does not appear to be any consistent evidence that targeting helps in the reduction of inflation. It may not hurt, but it does not help, either.
However, CPI inflation in India did go through the roof and this explosion started sometime in 2006-07. The reason for this explosion have been well documented in my previous columns—the extremely irresponsible behaviour on the part of the Sonia Gandhi-led UPA, in increasing minimum support prices of foodgrains. Now that that story is over, inflation has come down to 6.5%, and Oxus’s estimate is that the October CPI print will be much lower, and possibly as low as 5.5%. So, in another year or so, inflation will be respectably low in India, i.e., less than 5%. So, what is the need for inflation-targeting?
The IMF forecast for 2015 inflation makes for interesting reading. Substituting an inflation estimate of 5% for India (rather than the exaggerated IMF estimate of 7.2%) one obtains near identical estimate of inflation for Asia (3.1% for the non-targeting nations and 3.2% for the targeting), and a slightly lower estimate for non-Asia (2.5%). Welcome to the world of inflation convergence.
There is no economic reason for targeting, but the experience of the last 10 years does indicate a political need. Can India afford another irresponsible politician (like Sonia Gandhi) or an adventurous political party? Possibly not, which is why I am not against the adoption of inflation targeting in India. But don’t kid me by saying that we need targeting to reduce the inflation rate.
The author is chairman, Oxus Investments and a senior advisor to Zyfin, a leading financial information company. Twitter: @surjitbhalla
More from miscellaneous
Hat-trick and 400th Barcelona FC goal for Lionel Messi Messi scored yet another hat-trick and surpassed 400 club goals as Barcelona came from behind to win the Catalan derby 5-1 against Espanyol in La Liga on Sunday. The Argentine, who holds the La Liga and Champions League scoring records, produced a now familiar devastating performance to take his record to 402 goals for Barca […]

HDFC bank  Reliance Power share prices fall  Zee Entertainment gains on MSCIrejigFPI inflow in equities reaches Rs 1 lakh crore
Shares of HDFC Bank fell as much as 2% in Friday’s trade after index provider MSCI, dropped the private lender from its global standard benchmark index representing India (MSCI India). Reliance Power (2%), JP Associates (2.1%) and Reliance Capital (-2.5%) were the other three exclusions from the benchmark index even as the latter two were added in MSCI small cap index representing India.
After opening in red, HDFC Bank fell to an intra-day low of Rs 894 and was trading close to Rs 900 at about 1330 hrs IST.
Meanwhile, shares of Motherson Sumi and Zee Entertainment witnessed increased buying interest on getting included in the standard MSCI India index. Both these stocks rallied as much 3.2% and 4%  before trading at moderate gains of 0.7% and 3.2% at Rs428.65 and Rs 365.90, respectively.
Post its semi-annual index review, MSCI made 44 inclusions in benchmark India small-cap index including Bluestar, City Union bank, J K Lakshmi Cement, Sterlite Technologies and Sundram Fasteners. It also dropped eight stocks including, Lanco Infratech, Radico Khaitan,  Anant Raj, and Kailash Auto Finance which rallied anywhere between 1.5% to 4% in Friday’s session.
Earlier on Monday, Kotak Institutional Equities in a strategy note had highlighted a possibility of HDFC bank’s exclusion in the impending ETF re-balancing given that it is a FII-restricted stock. As of quarter ending September 2014, FIIs held 33.84% in HDFC bank and another 16.38% through depository receipts. Investors await a nod from Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) for an increase in the FII limit.
The domestic brokerage house also projected that Bharat Forge and Bharti Infratel may benefit from an expected supply-demand mismatch post re-balancing.
 

Islamic State effect being combated: RajnathLetters to  the editor
India is confident that the Islamic State militants will not be able to make a “big impact” in the country and the government is trying its best to prevent radicalisation among the youth, Home Minister Rajnath Singh has said.
“We are trying every way possible to prevent radicalisation in India. IS has had no significant impact in India, however other countries have been affected. IS will not be able to able to make a big impact in India,” Singh told PTI here in an interview while commenting on reports that a number of youths have joined the dreaded terror outfit.
IS militants control large areas of Iraq and Syria since June but have been targeted by air strikes by the US-led coalition since August.
Singh also did not rule out the possibility of al-Qaeda setting up a branch in the country to wage jihad in the Indian sub-continent.
“Al-Qaeda’s activities have been ongoing but any information regarding an Asia-specific organisation that they have built is not yet available. We, however, do not rule out any possibility,” Singh, who was here for talks with the Israeli leadership on ways to boost Indo-Israeli cooperation in areas like counter-terrorism and cyber-security, said.
Al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri in September had announced that the global Islamist extremist movement has launched a new off-shoot in the Indian sub-continent.
Replying to a question on the biggest security threat for India — home grown outfits like CPI (Maoist), Indian Mujahideen or foreign terrorist groups like al-Qaeda and Lashkar-e-Taiba — Singh said, “We do not differentiate between dangers as big and small. Dangers are dangers.
“All our security agencies, our intelligence agencies, keep a tab on emerging dangers and also take necessary measures to address such dangers,” he said.
Singh also dismissed media reports that terrorists were planning to attack Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
“We have no such information in this regard. But with terrorists nothing can be predicted as to what and when are they going to do something.
However, we have no information about any such plan to attack our Prime Minister,” he said.
Recently terror outfit, Indian Mujahideen’s (IM) expert bomb-maker, Waqas alias Javed, a resident of Punjab province in Pakistan was arrested along with three others suspected members of IM from Jaipur and Jodhpur in Rajasthan by the Special Cell of Delhi police.
According to reports, the terror module had plans to carry out terror attacks during the election rally of Modi.
Asked whether India was concerned about security scenario after the withdrawal of US-led coalition forces from war-torn Afghanistan later this year, Singh said: “We have made adequate preparations to meet with the challenges and emerging situation after the withdrawal of NATO forces from Afghanistan. We are not very terrified about that”.
TAGS: Iraq Radicalisation Rajnath Singh Syria
More from miscellaneous
Hat-trick and 400th Barcelona FC goal for Lionel Messi Messi scored yet another hat-trick and surpassed 400 club goals as Barcelona came from behind to win the Catalan derby 5-1 against Espanyol in La Liga on Sunday. The Argentine, who holds the La Liga and Champions League scoring records, produced a now familiar devastating performance to take his record to 402 goals for Barca […]

Shot Stories: Rohit reveals the science and thought behind each strokePrint
Written by Bharat Sundaresan , Devendra Pandey | Posted: November 9, 2014 9:40 am | Updated: November 9, 2014 4:20 pm
ROHIT Sharma boasts of a bouquet of exquisite shots that make him look  exceptional when they come off. The Mumbai right-hander though can end up  looking inept while attempting the same strokes on other days, often leading to a  volley of brickbats questioning his attitude, commitment and technique.
 
THE BACKFOOT PUNCH
The backfoot punch through cover point. If I play that shot then I feel like everything is there. It’s all about position — if I connect with one then I feel like my head, my fingers, my hands, my elbow, my feet, everything is in place. I’d say I’m desperate, initially, to play that shot. If I get that shot out, say in the first two overs, I feel really confident. It’s comparatively easier to play one between covers and mid-off but a backfoot punch between cover and point isn’t easy at all.
Stand tall Down Under, crouch in SA
When you go to different parts of the world, you change your technique a little bit. In Australia, you need to stay a little upright to play the backfoot punch or the pull because of the bounce. When you go to South Africa or New Zealand where there is swing, you got to be more focused and put your weight forward so that you cover the swing well. You cannot be standing upright and play the swing like that. You’ll be in no control and end up stretching to play at the ball. And before long, you’ll get nicked out.
A shot that can backfire
It’s very important to understand that it could be your strength but can also be your weakness. If you don’t time the ball, and if you’re even a split second late, you can be caught at slip or caught behind. Recently, in New Zealand, I got out trying to play that shot. I got out trying to pierce a gap. It swung a little more, took the edge to first slip, out.
Pack the punch
It’s very important to understand where you are playing the backfoot punch. In India, there’s generally not much bounce and it’s difficult to play that shot and so, you play the cut-shot a lot. You play over the covers. But when you go outside India and there is bounce, backfoot punches are very important as they get you lots of runs.
 
THE PULL-SHOT
Borivali to Wanderers
It again has a lot to do with the astroturf wickets I grew up playing on. In school cricket, in Borivali where I used to stay, if you didn’t have a pull shot or cut shot you couldn’t survive. Nobody was going to bowl up to you.
They were all going to bowl short and bounce you out. And the ball rises, so at times you had to play the pull off the front foot there. For most parts, you had to stay on the back foot. When most Indians walk out to bat, the first few deliveries are short balls.
I remember it happening to me too a few times. In a way, I’m a bit fortunate as I’m so used to playing it.
 
THE CUT
Positioning it right
Playing the cut-shot is all about getting into a good position. Otherwise you will be in trouble because of the movement. And the bowlers are sharp overseas, coming at 140+.When I was in school, I used to play on cement and astroturf wickets a lot till I was 15-16.
On those wickets, the ball tends to come on to the bat a little quicker and also rises up more. It develops your timing.and that’s why I am comfortable playing the cut-shot and my back-foot play.
 
THE COVER-DRIVE
Peril at the front foot
At least 60-70% of the runs you score in your career are off the front-foot. It gives you immense belief when you can get on to the front-foot and defend the ball. If you are playing confidently off the front-foot, it means your feet are moving really well.
The cover-drive is the most dangerous shot to play when the ball is moving. The new ball just takes off the wicket and it can get your outside-edge anytime. So it’s best to leave the ball alone early for the first 3-4 overs.
If your foot moves half an inch less than it should while you’re playing the cover-drive, that’s a technical error. That was happening to me in South Africa. I was just putting my foot around half-an-inch closer to my body than I should have. If I would have stretched it that much more, my head would have been right over the ball. From where I was, I was playing the shot loosely.
In Durban, I was out lbw when my front-foot went too much across. Philander had bowled an in-swinger and it was difficult to adjust from there. If my foot was an inch closer to middle-stump rather than off I could have played that ball.
That’s how intricate front-foot technique is. Concentration is paramount of course. You need to keep telling your mind that your foot needs to be in the right position but in that case Philander had set a trap for me. He kept bowling out-swingers and then he slipped in an in-swinger.
DOWN ON ONE KNEE
A shot of our times
Those shots like the one where I go down on one knee and swat it over deep backward square-leg have come to me with time. In limited-overs cricket you need to dominate and those shots are required. But you can attempt them only when you’re seeing the ball well and you are really confident. Say when you’re coming off a century.
Or a double-hundred. When I made my Test debut last year in Kolkata I had just scored 209 in an ODI at Bangalore against Australia. And when I walked into bat, the score read 83/5 and Shane Shillingford, the off-spinner, was bowling really well. But I was buzzing with confidence and played all my shots, including some from my limited-overs repertoire.
Mothball reverse sweep please
Having said that, I never play the reverse-sweep. I honestly don’t know how much I can score with that shot. Say you end up playing two reverse-sweeps and get boundaries, that’s still just 8 runs. So why risk it. It looks fancy but I’m more confident of playing in front and scoring runs.
THE INSIDE-OUT SHOT
Risky but worth it
We play so much cricket in Mumbai where the ball turns and you’re batting on red soil. You have to use your feet. Else, you will get out. When you use the feet you often go inside out and play chip shots. I’ve become a little stronger now so I can play it with a little aggression. It’s a risky shot too because you can get out like that. If you mistime the ball, there are two fielders there at sweeper cover and long off. You have to have the the confidence to clear the cover fielder. And if you miss the ball, you’re stumped. Every big score I’ve made you’ll certainly find quite a few inside-out shots.

India register historic 3-1 hockey series win against AustraliaAkashdeep scored the first goal for India from the back of a penalty corner in the 13th minute. (Source: PTI)
By: Express News Service | Perth | Posted: November 9, 2014 6:43 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 3:22 am
Akashdeep Singh scored twice as Indian men’s hockey team stunned world champions Australia 3-1 in the fourth and final Test to register a historic 3-1 series win over the mighty Kookaburras in their home soil in Perth on Sunday. This is the first time that India have beaten Australia in a bilateral series. Prior to this series, the two countries have played five Test series in the past, with Australia winning thrice and one ending in a draw.
India had beaten Australia 1-0 on Saturday to go 2-1 up in the series and Akashdeep pumped in two field goals in the 13th and 43rd minutes for the visitors, while S K Uthappa (53rd) scored once as the visitors completed a hat-trick of wins. Australia’s lone goal was scored by Tom Craig (36th).
The Australians had fielded an experimental side in the four-match series but they still boasted of nearly a dozen players from their World Cup squad, including six players with 100 international appearances. However, their five key players – Jamie Dwyer, Mark Knowles, Joel Carroll, Kieran Govers and Matthew Butturini – are out with long-term injuries and will miss next month’s Champions Trophy as well.
With the 2016 Rio Olympics as his major target, Graham Reid, who has succeeded Ric Charlesworth, is hoping to add greater depth to the talent pool for the Kookaburras, who have already won both the World Cup and Commonwealth Games titles this year.
Even India coach Terry Walsh decided to experiment with the combinations during the tournament, giving rest to players during the course of the four-match series. Sardar, who was benched for Saturday’s game, returned to the side on Sunday to earn his 200th international cap.
India broke the deadlock in the 13 minute, with an opportunistic goal from Akashdeep who scored from a rebound after VR Raghunath’s flick from a penalty corner was saved by the Australian goalkeeper. India managed to hold on to the lead till the 35th minute before Tom Craig equalised.
The Indians started the third quarter on an aggressive note and their efforts bore fruit when they extended their lead in the 43rd minute through yet another field effort from Akashdeep, who guided home a Kothajit Singh pass. Australia tried hard but India looked the better team on display and made the scoreline 3-1 with Uthappa scoring a brilliant field goal for the Indians. The hosts pressed hard for goals in the last five minutes but Indian goalkeeper PR Sreejesh stood tall to deny any danger.
After losing the first game, India came back to win three games on the trot to seal one of their most memorable series wins. The visitors had been thrashed 0-4 in the first game, but they made a strong continued…

Vijay Hazare Trophy: Mumbai register narrow winShardul Thakur (3/39) polished off the top order and helped Mumbai defend a low total (Source: Express File)
By: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 9, 2014 6:51 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 7:04 pm
Paceman Shardul Thakur and off-spinner Akhil Herwadkar shared six wickets between them as Mumbai eked out a narrow four-run win over Baroda in their West Zone match in the Vijay Hazare trophy.
Thakur (3/39) polished off the top order while Herwadkar ran away with the lower order as Mumbai successfully defended a modest total of 201, bundling out the rivals for 197 in 47.1 overs at Sardar Patel Stadium C Ground.
Baroda did everything right after winning the toss as the bowlers did a tremendous job by skittling out Mumbai for a very manageable total.
Baroda off-spinner Deepak Hooda wreaked havoc with a five-for, breaking the back of the Mumbai batting order. Sarfraz Khan top scored for Mumbai with his unbeaten 41-run knock while Mumbai skipper Suryakumar Yadav contributed 40 runs. However, Yadav and veteran Wasim Jaffer (37) could not convert their knocks into big ones.
Aditya Waghmode did a fantastic job for Baroda, coming up with a 69-run knock before being caught off Thakur. However the other batsmen failed to resist the rival attack and only Deepak Hooda offered some fight, batting at number six. He scored 41 but once he was dismissed, Baroda innings fell apart.
Brief Scores: 
Mumbai: 210 all out in 45.3 overs.(S Khan 41 not out, S Yadav 40; D Hooda 5/55).
Baroda: 197 all out in 47.1 overs(A Waghmode 69, D Hooda 41; S Thakur 3/39, A Herwadkar 3/29).
Rituraj shines on Jharkhand debut
Former Rajasthan medium pacer Rituraj Singh grabbed five wickets on his debut for Jharkhand as they comfortably thrashed minnows Tripura by eight wickets in an east zone leg match of the Vijay Hazare Trophy One Day meet.
Batting first, Tripura scored 173 in 48.3 overs with Rituraj taking 5 for 34 in 9.3 overs while India A bowler Rahul Shukla took two for 25.
For Tripura, their outstation professional Rakesh Solanki scored 63 off 106 balls with Nirupam Sen Chowdhury (42) adding 87 runs for the sixth wicket stand after they were reeling at 30 for five.
In reply, Jharkhand scored the runs in only 33.3 overs with 16-year-old schoolboy Virat Singh (86 not out) scoring bulk of the runs in a 81-run-partnership for the second wicket with Ishan Kishan.
Brief Scores: Tripura 173 in 48.3 overs (Rakesh Solanki 63, Rituraj Singh 5/34). Jharkhand 178/2 in 33.3 overs (Virat Singh 86 no, Kumar Deobrat 48 no, Rana Dutta 1/31). Jharkhand won by 8 wickets.
Gujarat beat Maharashtra by five wickets
All-rounder Jesal Karia’s power-packed performance helped Gujarat beat Maharashtra by five wickets in a west zone leg match.
Batting first, Maharashtra scored 266 for nine in 50 overs with the two Nikhils — Naik and Paradkar contributing 64 and 41, respectively. Rohit Motwani scored 40 as Karia took two for 44 with his off-breaks. India A batsman Kedar Jadhav scored 17 while Ankit Bawne managed only 7.
In reply, it was Karia, who smacked 56 off 25 balls with seven boundaries and two sixes as Gujarat clinched the match in 48.1 overs. This was after Smit Patel (61) and Parthiv Patel (45) added continued…

I worry that responsibility is going to weigh Wayne Rooney downRooney, who is closing in on Peter Shilton's record of 125 England appearances, was also handed the captaincy at Manchester United. (Source: AP)
By: Reuters | London | Posted: November 9, 2014 5:59 pm
England manager Roy Hodgson hopes captain Wayne Rooney does not become weighed down by the responsibility of wearing the armband, but admits the pressure of the job could affect his performances.
The 29-year-old striker, who is expected to win his 100th cap against Slovenia next Saturday, replaced Steven Gerrard as skipper in August after the Liverpool midfielder retired from international duty following England’s poor World Cup showing.
Rooney has made a promising start in the job with England winning their first three Euro 2016 qualifying matches to top Group E by three points from Slovenia, but Hodgson warned it is too early to judge him as captain.
“I worry that the responsibility is going to weigh him down,” Hodgson told reporters. “We do all we can, myself and the coaching staff, to ensure that won’t happen with us.
“But it is all very well telling someone to leave your problems behind and don’t worry about them, to get on with your life; it is easy to say, but very hard to do sometimes.
Rooney, who is closing in on Peter Shilton’s record of 125 England appearances, was also handed the captaincy at Manchester United following Louis van Gaal’s arrival as manager and Hodgson is aware of the difficulties the striker faces as he tries to juggle the two roles.
“At the moment I think he’s coping with it well but we’ll have to keep an eye on the situation, as will Louis, to make sure it doesn’t weigh him down,” he said.
“I remember making the point fairly recently that he’s really taken on this job as captain with enormous seriousness.
“He’s studied and talked a lot with Steven Gerrard. He spends a lot of time with the younger players.
“Obviously, with me he’s very good. If there’s anything he thinks I should be made aware of, he makes me aware of it.”
Rooney is six goals behind Bobby Charlton’s England record of 49, but beating that mark is not top of the striker’s agenda according to Hodgson.
“I’m not certain Wayne Rooney is a person who goes to bed at night dreaming of a record,” he said.
“I believe he just wants to keep playing and do the best job he can for England for as long as possible.”

Himachal Diary: Pahari andBihariJP Nadda takes oath at the swearing-in ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
By: Express News Service | Posted: November 9, 2014 7:50 pm
J P Nadda’s induction into the Modi cabinet has brought cheer for Himachal Pradesh, though it may be cause of heart-burn for some. BJP’s young face Anurag Thakur may have to wait for some more time till the prime minister rewards him. At the Rashtrapati Bhawan, meanwhile, Union Minister for Law and Justice Ravi Shankar Prasad – who hails from Bihar – was seen introducing Nadda to journalists. Prasad mentioned that Nadda was born at the Patna Medical College Hospital and was part of students’ politics in Bihar. Nadda too did not shy away and delivered popular punch lines in Bihari, mainly slogans from his ABVP days.
Their Modi, our Sonia
Cabinet Minister Anil Sharma is a busy person these days. His father Pandit Sukh Ram, a former union minister, and he are distributing wedding cards for Aayush Sharma (Anil’s brother) — who is set to marry Bollywood star Salman Khan’s sister Arpita. The wedding, which is to be held in Hyderabad, includes invitees such as PM Narendra Modi. Anil Sharma and his father are now trying to put up a matching show. Apart from inviting President Pranab Mukherjee, Anil’s guest list includes Sonia Gandhi and other senior Congress leaders. However, he is yet to come up with a guest for the reception in Mumbai, which will be a Bollywood-cum-politico business show.
Back beg-full?
CM Virbhadra Singh and his team, which went to woo investors in Mumbai, Bangalore and Ahmedabad, is back. To say the mission was accomplished is not proper. Bureaucratic red-tapism, ground level clearances and land transfers will be business as usual. Many may not feel the pinch on expenditure if Himachal gets investors and job avenues open up. But luxurious stays, travels of a top-heavy team and five-star arrangements reflect the other side of the jamboree. One wonders what was the role of a few policemen, who camped at Mumbai, Bangalore and Ahmedabad, during the trip?
Two-picture event
Detailed press notes of the Public Relations department about one-on-one discussions at the CM’s ‘investors’ meet’ made perfect copies for newspapers and TV channels. But the social media gave the event a different picture. Those accompanying the team posted personal photographs and status updates extensively on Facebook. That showed up another side of the CM’s aides enjoying hospitality, sitting in air-conditioned hotel rooms and eating the best cuisines. For them, it was really a Me, You, Light, Camera and Action opportunity.
Facing challenges
Vidya Stokes, 86-year-old Congress veteran, never shies away from challenges. Though roads come under the PWD, a portfolio held by the chief minister, when it comes to the Theog-Hatkoti road in Shimla district Stokes takes the strong front for Raja Sahib. Last week, challenged by former Horticulture minister Narinder Bragta about the condition of the road, Madam Stokes continued…

East-West Corridor contractor abducted in Assam hilldistrictPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 9, 2014 8:45 pm
A contractor engaged in construction of a vital portion of the Lumding-Silchar portion of East-West Corridor was abducted by unidentified miscreants in Assam’s Dima Hasao district today, with authorities saying it could be the handiwork of some criminal gang.
PN Reddy, who is a sub-contractor with IL&FS that is implementing the East-West Corridor portion in district, was waylaid by an unidentified armed gang near Hatikhali under Maibang police station when he was traveling on a two-wheeler from Lumding to Langting, sources said. Maibang is about 350 kms from Guwahati.
“We had only two days ago told him not to move around without an armed escort. The contractor however ventured out on a two-wheeler with one of his employees when he was abducted this morning,” Dima Hasao deputy commissioner Barun Bhuyan told The Indian Express over the telephone from Haflong, the district headquarters.
A manhunt has been launched in the area with SP GV Siva Prasad himself supervising the joint operation involving police and army, deputy commissioner Bhuyan informed. “We have been providing security to the contractors and NHAI officials despite disbanding of the Dima Halam Daogo after signing a peace accord in October 2012. But there are inputs about miscreants out to extort money from contractors, in view of which we have advised them to be extra careful,” Bhuyan said.
Two days ago armed miscreants had also kidnapped Rakhal Baishnab, owner of a timber saw mill and his manager Sunil Banerji from Basabari, also under Maibang police station. Police have not yet found any trace of the two persons till today. (ends)

Aam Aadmi Party finalises 30 candidates  to release first list thisweekPrint
Kejriwal will seek re-election from New Delhi seat where he had defeated three-time Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit by over 22,000 votes. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 8:41 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 8:49 pm
Aiming to recapture power, the Aam Aadmi Party has finalised a list of 30 candidates, which includes former ministers as well as party Chief Arvind Kejriwal, for Delhi assembly polls and it will be released this week.
Sources said party has decided not to give tickets to six former legislators including former Speaker of the Assembly Maninder Singh Dhir, Raju Dhingan, Dharmendra Singh Kohli, Harish Khanna and Rajesh Garg.
All former Ministers including Manish Sisodia, Rakhi Birla, Somnath Bharti, Girish Soni, Sourav Bhardwaj and Satyendra Kumar Jain are likely to figure in the first list.
It was decided that Kejriwal will seek re-election from New Delhi seat where he had defeated three-time Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit by over 22,000 votes.
The sources said the party has taken the decision not to give tickets to six former legislators following “ground reports” on their performance.
It was known that the party has decided not to repeat at least 35 candidates who were given tickets in the assembly polls last year.
The party leadership was unhappy over Dhingan’s “ineffective” role during clashes in Trilokpuri, his constituency, while Dhir’s performance in his Jangpura constituency was not found “satisfactory”.
Performance of former Seemapuri legislator Dharmendra Kohli was also not “positive” due to which he will also be denied tickets, the sources said.
Harish Khanna, former MLA of Timarpur, and Rajesh Garg who had won from Rohini seat in assembly polls in December last year, have already indicated their unwillingness to fight the polls.
The party has decided not to give tickets to Khanna and Garg as well.
AAP has started preparations for the polls which is likely to take place in February.
The AAP had made a dream debut in Assembly polls in December last year winning 28 seats in the 70-member assembly.
Later, it had formed government in Delhi with the support of Congress.
The government led by Kejriwal had resigned on February 14 after the party’s pet project, the Janlokpal Bill, could not be passed due to opposition from BJP and Congress.
The Delhi Assembly was dissolved on November 4 by President Pranab Mukherjee following recommendation by the Union Cabinet.

FC Goa hold Mumbai City FC to a goallessdrawPrint
After their back-to-back defeats at the hands of FC Goa and Mumbai City FC, Delhi Dynamos were searching for a win. (Source: ISL)
By: Press Trust of India | Kochi | Posted: November 9, 2014 8:34 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 10:25 pm
Delhi Dynamos continued with their winless streak as they played out a goal-less draw against Kerala Blasters in a high-intensity Hero Indian Super League match in Kochi on Sunday.
After their back-to-back defeats at the hands of FC Goa and Mumbai City FC, Delhi Dynamos were searching for a win to boost their confidence but yet again had to settle for a draw in the match which also saw their head coach Harm van Veldhoven being sent off.
The Dutch coach was given marching orders by Indian referee Pranjal Banerjee for kicking the ball at the sidelines as he expressed his frustration apparently after a free kick was denied in the 74th minute of the match watched by nearly 35,000 crowd at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium.
Delhi side’s birthday boy Alessandro Del Piero made the starting eleven but the Italian legend, who turns 40 on Sunday, continued his search for form as he could not make much of an impact in the match.
He was involved in a few goal-bound moves but ended up being booked in the 37th minute. He was substituted in the 72nd minute by Pavel Elias.
Both teams played attacking football though there were not many goal-scoring chances. Their defences held firm with the match turning out to be a battle of midfield supremacy.
With the draw, their fourth in the tournament so far, Delhi Dynamos remained on seventh spot in the eight-team league table with seven points from seven matches. They have won just one match and lost twice. They have not won for four matches on the trot.
Kerala Balsters are just above the Delhi side at sixth spot with eight points from seven matches. They have won twice, drawn twice and lost thrice.
The match got off to a lively start with both teams getting immediately into attack mode. Delhi settled into their passing game, while Kerala drove forward with pace.
The home side were nearly gifted a goal when the visitors gave away possession just outside their own box. Their keeper Kristof Van Hout and defender Shouvik Ghosh, however, saved the situation. Van Hout got a hand on Stephen Pearson’s cutback and Ghosh was there to clear the ball.
The lanky Dynamos custodian Van Hout rescued his team again in the 22nd minute, making a save at full stretch after Andrew Barisic’s cross popped up off defender Adil Khan, with Iain Hume’s follow-up header hitting the outside of the post.
Kerala were dominant at that stage and even had the ball in the net through Barisic, but it was ruled out for an offside in the build-up.
Delhi, however, weathered the storm and began to see more of the ball. They soon had a chance with Mads Junker firing a point-blank header directly at Kerala keeper David James.
The game became more end-to-end, but the half ended scoreless.
The second half started with the teams trading possession.
Delhi came closest to scoring, with birthday boy Del Piero’s flicked header sending Robert Lalthamuana continued…

Need committed practitioners to promote Ayurveda: NarendraModiPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the valedictory function of the 6th World Ayurveda Congress in New Delhi on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 8:25 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 9:09 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said the biggest challenge for ayurveda is the inclination of its practitioners towards prescribing allopathic drugs.
Modi was speaking at the valedictory session of the 6th World Ayurveda Congress at Pragati Maidan. This is the first time that the Union government is one of the organisers of the event.
“The biggest challenge for ayurveda are the people who have dedicated themselves to it, but when a patient comes, often say let us start with allopathic medicine for the first three days and then move to ayurveda. Ayurveda doctors need to be 100 per cent committed it ayurveda,” Modi said in his address. Crosspathy is not allowed as a per a Supreme Court order, but that does not stop ayurveda practitioners from prescribing allopathic medicines.
The PM emphasised the point that the two are not competing streams of science because one has to do with prevention and the other with cure, but there is a need for ayurveda to be spoken about in a language that the world understands. “Medical journals should dedicate 10-20 per cent of their space to Ayurveda,” he added.
He cited the example of the global popularity of Yoga to assert that it is possible for ayurveda too to attain such heights, but the precondition is that people who work on it should first believe it themselves.

Sonia  Manmohan absent at Cabinet oath-takingLetters to  the editor
Congress today kept away from the oath-taking ceremony of 21 new ministers in Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Council of Ministers here.
“Both Sonia Gandhi and Manmohan Singh were invited to the ceremony,” Power Minister Piyush Goyal said after the swearing-in ceremony here.
Asked if there was any communication from the Congress on whether they will attend the ceremony or not, Goyal did not give any details.
However, it was not clear whether any other Congress leader, apart from Gandhi and Singh, were invited for the ceremony.
Samajwadi Party’s Ram Gopal Yadav was the lone Opposition leader present at Modi’s Cabinet expansion exercise.
With today’s expansion, the number of ministers in the Modi Cabinet has gone up to 66. A total of 21 Ministers were inducted today including four of Cabinet rank and three Ministers of State with Independent charge.
TAGS: Cabinet Reshuffle Manmohan Singh Narendra Modi Sonia Gandhi
More from miscellaneous
Hat-trick and 400th Barcelona FC goal for Lionel Messi Messi scored yet another hat-trick and surpassed 400 club goals as Barcelona came from behind to win the Catalan derby 5-1 against Espanyol in La Liga on Sunday. The Argentine, who holds the La Liga and Champions League scoring records, produced a now familiar devastating performance to take his record to 402 goals for Barca […]

Top Frames: Best Pics of the week gone bypicture  others
Top Frames: Best Pics of the week gone by
October 31, 2014: Photo montage of shops on fire in Chandani Chowk during the anti sikh riots in 1984 (left) and the same street today(right). (Source: Express Photo)
November 2, 2014: A Pakistani man wounded in a suicide bomb attack, reacts to the camera after received first aid in hospital in Wagah border, near Lahore . At least 45 people were killed last Sunday when a suicide bomber blew himself up on the Pakistani-Indian border, police said, just after a daily ceremony when troops from both sides simultaneously lower the two nations' flags. (Source: Reuters)
November 3, 2014: A Pakistani girl, Toba Ali, center, mourns next to the lifeless body of her father, who was killed in a suicide bombing in Lahore, Pakistan.
The suicide bomber detonated explosives close to a Pakistani paramilitary checkpoint near the country's eastern border with India, that killed more than 50 people in the deadliest attack to hit the country in several months, police and government officers said. (Source: AP)
November 3, 2014:  Pakistani women mourn for their family member who was killed in a Sunday suicide bombing, in Lahore, Pakistan. (Source: AP)
November 3, 2014: Pakistani women gather around the bodies of their relatives who were killed in a Sunday suicide bombing in Lahore, Pakistan. (Source: AP)
November 5, 2014:  Mannequins for sale are displayed along a road in Tacloban city in central Philippines. A resident said the mannequins were recovered among debris brought by Typhoon Haiyan a year ago in Tacloban.
The Philippines are preparing to commemorate victims of Typhoon Haiyan, ahead of the one-year anniversary of the disaster on November 8, according to a local government official. (Source: Reuters)
November 3, 2014: Pakistani rangers (wearing black uniforms) and Indian Border Security Force (BSF) officers lower their national flags during a daily parade at the Pakistan-India joint check-post at Wagah border, near Lahore November 3, 2014. India and Pakistan solemnly lowered their national flags at the dusk military ceremony on their main land border crossing on Monday, a day after a suicide attack killed almost 60 people on the Pakistani side. (Source: Reuters)
November 5, 2014:  Sourav Ganguly, V V S Laxman and Rahul Dravid on stage with Sachin Tendulkar at the launch of Tendulkar's autobiography 'Playing It My Way' in Mumbai. (Source: Express Photos By Pradip Das)
October 31, 2014: The Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwo rocket explodes in mid-air during a test flight above the Mojave Desert in California . The passenger spaceship being developed by Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic company crashed during a test flight last Friday near the Mojave Air and Space Port in California, killing one pilot and seriously injuring the other, officials said.  (Source: Reuters)
November 4, 2014: Katie Granger leaves the Republican election night festivities party with a photo cutout of former President George W. Bush in Phoenix. (Source: AP)
Delhi LG Najeeb Jung in pensive mood. (Source: Express Photo)
November 4, 2014:  South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, left, celebrates with her husband Michael Haley, right, at campaign headquarters on election day, Tuesday, Nov. 4, 2014, in Columbia, S.C. Haley beat Democratic state Sen. Vincent Sheheen to win a second term. (Source: AP/PTI)
A series of photographs show sanitation workers deliberately cluttering the pavement minutes before Upadhyay arrived there on Wednesday. Upadhyay and others, including former AAP leader Shazia Ilmi and the centre’s president Sirajuddin Qureshi, then fussed around with the brooms and posed for photographs. (Source: Express Photo: Prem Nath Pandey)
While both Upadhyay and Ilmi have said they had gone there merely as guests, the incident has attracted sharp criticism from Congress and AAP in Delhi.  (Source: Express Photo: Prem Nath Pandey)
The Delhi Congress alleged that Upadhyay had instructed that waste be littered around in order to manufacture a photo-op. “The photographs make it evident. The Delhi BJP president doing something like this shows the the campaign has failed,” DPCC spokesperson Mukesh Sharma said. (Source: Express Photo: Prem Nath Pandey)
The AAP said the incident was symbolic of the party’s “lax attitude towards cleanliness”. “The pictures tell their own story,” a party spokesperson said. (Source: Express Photo: Prem Nath Pandey)
Ilmi distanced herself from the controversy saying, “Islamic Centre invited me among many others for the safai drive. I was only a guest.”(Source: Express Photo: Prem Nath Pandey)
Upadhyay said, “I just went there as a chief guest and it was not our programme. I do not know what happened before.” (Source: Express Photo: Prem Nath Pandey)
November 2, 2014: A woman leaves a voting booth during the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic leadership and local parliamentary elections at a polling station in Donetsk, eastern Ukraine. Pro-Russian separatists will vote to set up a breakaway regional leadership in eastern Ukraine on Sunday aiming to take their war-torn region closer to Russia and defying Kiev and the West as the big guns still boom across the territory. (Source: Reuters)
Related

Magnus Carlsen breaks Viswanathan Anands defence  wins Game 2 of World ChampionshipBy: Press Trust of India | Sochi | Posted: November 9, 2014 10:16 pm
Defending champion Magnus Carlsen of Norway drew the first blood by defeating challenger Viswanathan Anand in the second game of the World Chess Championship in Sochi on Sunday.
It turned out to be a shocking defeat for Anand, who played the black side of a Ruy Lopez after what appeared like a seemingly innocuous position for the Indian ace.
The spectators online from across the world were cheering for Anand on various social media networks after he got a tangible position from what seemed like a complete lost position and this was when the Indian missed the thread and played an inexplicable blunder to let the game end on an abrupt note.
With his first victory as early as in the second tie of the 12-game match, Carlsen now leads the series by 1.5-0.5 and Team Anand will now have to think of something out-of-the-box to contain the Carlsen juggernaut.
The opening took shape in familiar territory only for a brief while as Carlsen came up with a new idea as early as on move nine in a closed Ruy Lopez set up to make Anand think something of his own.
The middle game featured routine manoeuvres after Carlsen settled for a relatively simple position in the middle game with Bishops of opposite colours. Even though the computer suggested a miniscule advantage for Carlsen, the world elite opined that Anand was well within equalising stage.
However, Carlsen’s imaginative manoeuvres over the board proved too much for Anand to handle and soon enough the Indian was staring at a dangerous attack on his Kingside. Anand tried to come up with his defensive manoeuvres but he could not really create any real counter play, which was the main cause of the disaster.
 
Keeping a huge advantage even after the trade of the last minor piece, Carlsen kept his queen and rooks on the same file and while Anand saved himself temporarily trading a pair of rooks his 34th move was a blunder leading to the defeat immediately as Carlsen’s Queen and rook seized the seventh rank.
Anand, to his fans, is known for some great defensive technique but this was certainly not his day. Yet again, Carlsen got what he wanted out of the middle game and never gave any real chance to the Indian.
This turns out to be a huge setback for Anand who began quite well in the first game of the match and was close to being equal in the second game. The five-time world champion from India will now get a day’s rest and the players will be back for the third game on Tuesday.

BJP will not hold talks with Shiv Sena on cabinet berths  portfolios: Devendra FadnavisFadnavis said talks about Sena's participation in the government were on at an "appropriate level" and the announcement regarding it will be made in Delhi.
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: November 9, 2014 10:14 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 12:15 pm
The BJP will no longer discuss any ministerial berths or portfolios with the Shiv Sena, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said on Sunday evening, sharply retorting to Uddhav Thackeray’s demand that the BJP clarify whether it would seek the NCP’s support during the trust vote in the assembly.
The slamming of the door on the prolonged bargaining with the Shiv Sena came amid strong indications that the BJP had all but made up its mind to keep its oldest ally out of the government in the state. The BJP was on Sunday finalising its strategy to ensure the Fadnavis government clears the November 12 trust vote without need for Sena support in the House.
“Yes, the BJP is willing to hold discussions on matters related to principles… But hereafter, the BJP will no longer entertain any discussion with the Shiv Sena on ministers, the number of cabinet berths or portfolios,” Fadnavis said, soon after the Sena president had told reporters that “if the BJP takes the NCP’s support directly or indirectly, we will sit in the opposition”.
Uddhav spoke after a two-hour meeting with his MLAs and senior party colleagues, at the end of a dramatic day that saw the relations between the two parties plumb a new low after the Sena stayed away from Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s cabinet expansion exercise. The Sena’s candidate for inclusion in Modi’s cabinet, Anil Desai, flew to Delhi in the morning, but was called back to Mumbai before he could step out of the airport.
The Sena subsequently skipped the afternoon’s ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhavan, and the press release from the President’s Secretariat noted that Desai “could not be administered the oath of office and secrecy as he was not available for the purpose”.
In the evening, Fadnavis said, “Shiv Sena should have shown trust in Prime Minister Narendra Modi and allowed Anil Desai to join the union cabinet. The decision to induct Desai was taken after Thackeray gave his consent. It is unfortunate and sad that Desai did not join the government.”
Earlier on Sunday afternoon, the Chief Minister had met BJP president Amit Shah in Delhi.
Uddhav told reporters, “An anti-national power which is out to finish Hindus in the country has grown in the state. We do not want the strength of the Hindutva forces to be divided.
“It was Sharad Pawar who coined the term saffron terror, and it was his party that said Ishrat Jahan was not a terrorist. If the BJP is going to take support of the NCP then it will be difficult for us to go along with them.”
This drew a sharp response from the BJP.
A continued…
BJP will not entertain any discussion with Shiv Sena on minsters, number of cabinet berths or portfolios.

Trying to do whatever I can on field for the boys: Virat KohliBy: Press Trust of India | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 9, 2014 9:55 pm
India’s stand-in skipper Virat Kohli credited his bowlers for the series clinching six-wicket win over Sri Lanka in the third ODI, and said the home team’s bowling unit dished out a “brilliant performance” to restrict the visitors to 242.
Chasing a modest 242, a clinical India produced a commanding batting display to overhaul the target with 35 balls to spare and take an unassailable 3-0 lead in the five-match series at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium.
If the bowlers, led by Umesh Yadav (4-53) and Axar Patel (3-40), set up the win by restricting the visitors to 242 on a good batting track, then the Shikhar Dhawan (91 off 79 balls) inspired batting line-up did its job to make the opponents look ordinary yet again.
“That was a brilliant performance, especially with the ball, given we were one bowler short. We had to string in six overs from part-timers to restrict them (Sri Lanka) to 242. It was a fantastic (performance),” Kohli said at the post-match presentation ceremony.
Kohli himself completed a milestone as he became the quickest cricketer in history to reach 6000 ODI run mark, bettering legendary West Indian Vivian Richards’ record during his 53-run knock.
“I was not sure. I knew I had to get to 50 to get 6000, but I did not know how much faster I was from the great man (Viv Richards). I am trying to do whatever I can on the field for the boys,” he said trying to be modest.
Sri Lanka captain Angelo Mathews said the performance of the batsmen once again let the team down in the series.
“We flopped in our batting once again. You cannot keep repeating mistakes. 300 is a must on Indian wickets. 240 is nothing for bowlers to bowl at,” he said.
“About three-four wickets fell in the powerplay with minimum runs, which went against us. We are trying our combinations, we want to recognise our strengths and weaknesses going into the World Cup.”
Veteran Mahela Jayawardene, who was adjudged man of the match for his 118-run knock that came off 124 balls, said the visitors lacked consistency in all departments of the game.
“I am surprised and a bit embarrassed to win the man of the match. We need to be consistent in our overall game,” Jayawardene said.
“The way the Indians are playing, we need 300 to put them under pressure. They are putting us under lot of pressure by picking early wickets, putting us on the back foot straight away, and we are doing repair work after that.” he added.

Kashmir: Fourteen persons injured in cloudburstPrint
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: November 9, 2014 9:44 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 9:46 pm
Fourteen persons were injured in a cloudburst that occurred in Kokernag area of South Kashmir’s Anantnag District on Saturday evening.
A police spokesperson said that fourteen persons were injured after a cloudburst hit the Patti Samdal village, in Kokernag .  “There was a cloudburst in the village late Saturday evening,” he said.
He said that all the injured have been shifted to the hospital for treatment. “Immediately after the incident, all the injured were immediately shifted to the hospital where are they being treated.” A senior official said that property worth lakhs of rupees was also damaged in the incident.

Iraq investigates Islamic State chiefs fate after US air strikesIslamic State jihadist group chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
By: Agence-France Presse | Baghdad | Posted: November 9, 2014 9:06 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 1:30 pm
Iraq was investigating whether Islamic State jihadist group chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was killed in air strikes by US-led coalition warplanes targeting the group’s leaders.
The death of the elusive Baghdadi would be a major victory for the coalition of countries carrying out air strikes against IS and aiding Iraqi forces fighting to regain large areas of Iraq that the jihadists have overrun.
The announcement of the strikes came after President Barack Obama unveiled plans to send up to 1,500 more US troops to Iraq to advise and train the country’s forces, deepening Washington’s commitment to the open-ended war against IS.
“Until now, there is no accurate information available,” a senior Iraqi intelligence official said when asked about whether Baghdadi had been killed.
“The information is from unofficial sources and was not confirmed until now, and we are working on that,” the official said without specifying what the initial reports indicated.
US Central Command, which oversees American forces in the Middle East, yesterday said that coalition aircraft conducted a “series of air strikes” against “a gathering of (IS) leaders near Mosul”.
“We cannot confirm if (IS) leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was among those present,” said Centcom spokesman Patrick Ryder.
The US-led strikes late Friday were a further sign of “the pressure we continue to place on the ISIL terrorist network,” he said, using another acronym for the Islamic State group.
The aim was to squeeze the group and ensure it had “increasingly limited freedom to manoeuvre, communicate and command”.
“I can’t absolutely confirm that Baghdadi has been killed,” General Nicholas Houghton, the chief of staff of the British armed forces, told BBC television on Sunday. “Probably it will take some days to have absolute confirmation.”
Washington has offered a USD 10 million reward for his capture, and some analysts say he is increasingly seen as more powerful than Al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri.

Two senior J&K leaders swap sides ahead of pollsPrint
By: Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: November 9, 2014 8:50 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 3:38 am
Nearly a fortnight ahead of the first phase of assembly elections in Jammu Kashmir, two senior leaders of Congrss and the Bharatiya Janata Party along with their supporters on Sunday changed sides.
While Bharatiya Janata Party sitting MLA from Basohli, Jagdish Raj Sapolia, returned to Congress, the latter’s state vice-president Thakur Puran Singh joined the former. Sapolia was denied ticket by BJP as it suspected that he along with its six other legislators had cross voted for Congress-National Conference nominees during the 2011 Legislative Council polls.
Significantly, Sapolia was first time elected to the Legislative Assembly as a Congress nominee from Basohli in 1987. Later in 1999, he left the party and joined BJP citing “personal reasons”. During the 2008 assembly elections, he got elected from Basohli as a BJP nominee.
Fifteen years later, he returned to Congress citing “personal reasons” for quitting the BJP.
Thakur Puran Singh was first time elected to the Legislative Assembly from Darhal as an independent during the 2002 elections and was subsequently inducted as minister of state into the Mufti Sayeed led coalition government. Later, he joined Congress and unsuccessfully contested the 2008 assembly polls from the same constituency.

East-West Corridor contractor abducted in Assam hill districtPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: November 9, 2014 8:45 pm
A contractor engaged in construction of a vital portion of the Lumding-Silchar portion of East-West Corridor was abducted by unidentified miscreants in Assam’s Dima Hasao district today, with authorities saying it could be the handiwork of some criminal gang.
PN Reddy, who is a sub-contractor with IL&FS that is implementing the East-West Corridor portion in district, was waylaid by an unidentified armed gang near Hatikhali under Maibang police station when he was traveling on a two-wheeler from Lumding to Langting, sources said. Maibang is about 350 kms from Guwahati.
“We had only two days ago told him not to move around without an armed escort. The contractor however ventured out on a two-wheeler with one of his employees when he was abducted this morning,” Dima Hasao deputy commissioner Barun Bhuyan told The Indian Express over the telephone from Haflong, the district headquarters.
A manhunt has been launched in the area with SP GV Siva Prasad himself supervising the joint operation involving police and army, deputy commissioner Bhuyan informed. “We have been providing security to the contractors and NHAI officials despite disbanding of the Dima Halam Daogo after signing a peace accord in October 2012. But there are inputs about miscreants out to extort money from contractors, in view of which we have advised them to be extra careful,” Bhuyan said.
Two days ago armed miscreants had also kidnapped Rakhal Baishnab, owner of a timber saw mill and his manager Sunil Banerji from Basabari, also under Maibang police station. Police have not yet found any trace of the two persons till today. (ends)

Aam Aadmi Party finalises 30 candidates  to release first list this weekPrint
Kejriwal will seek re-election from New Delhi seat where he had defeated three-time Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit by over 22,000 votes. (Source: PTI)
By: Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 8:41 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 8:49 pm
Aiming to recapture power, the Aam Aadmi Party has finalised a list of 30 candidates, which includes former ministers as well as party Chief Arvind Kejriwal, for Delhi assembly polls and it will be released this week.
Sources said party has decided not to give tickets to six former legislators including former Speaker of the Assembly Maninder Singh Dhir, Raju Dhingan, Dharmendra Singh Kohli, Harish Khanna and Rajesh Garg.
All former Ministers including Manish Sisodia, Rakhi Birla, Somnath Bharti, Girish Soni, Sourav Bhardwaj and Satyendra Kumar Jain are likely to figure in the first list.
It was decided that Kejriwal will seek re-election from New Delhi seat where he had defeated three-time Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit by over 22,000 votes.
The sources said the party has taken the decision not to give tickets to six former legislators following “ground reports” on their performance.
It was known that the party has decided not to repeat at least 35 candidates who were given tickets in the assembly polls last year.
The party leadership was unhappy over Dhingan’s “ineffective” role during clashes in Trilokpuri, his constituency, while Dhir’s performance in his Jangpura constituency was not found “satisfactory”.
Performance of former Seemapuri legislator Dharmendra Kohli was also not “positive” due to which he will also be denied tickets, the sources said.
Harish Khanna, former MLA of Timarpur, and Rajesh Garg who had won from Rohini seat in assembly polls in December last year, have already indicated their unwillingness to fight the polls.
The party has decided not to give tickets to Khanna and Garg as well.
AAP has started preparations for the polls which is likely to take place in February.
The AAP had made a dream debut in Assembly polls in December last year winning 28 seats in the 70-member assembly.
Later, it had formed government in Delhi with the support of Congress.
The government led by Kejriwal had resigned on February 14 after the party’s pet project, the Janlokpal Bill, could not be passed due to opposition from BJP and Congress.
The Delhi Assembly was dissolved on November 4 by President Pranab Mukherjee following recommendation by the Union Cabinet.

Vijay Hazare: Mumbai register narrow winShardul Thakur (3/39) polished off the top order and helped Mumbai defend a low total (Source: Express File)
By: Press Trust of India | Posted: November 9, 2014 6:51 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 7:04 pm
Paceman Shardul Thakur and off-spinner Akhil Herwadkar shared six wickets between them as Mumbai eked out a narrow four-run win over Baroda in their West Zone match in the Vijay Hazare trophy.
Thakur (3/39) polished off the top order while Herwadkar ran away with the lower order as Mumbai successfully defended a modest total of 201, bundling out the rivals for 197 in 47.1 overs at Sardar Patel Stadium C Ground.
Baroda did everything right after winning the toss as the bowlers did a tremendous job by skittling out Mumbai for a very manageable total.
Baroda off-spinner Deepak Hooda wreaked havoc with a five-for, breaking the back of the Mumbai batting order. Sarfraz Khan top scored for Mumbai with his unbeaten 41-run knock while Mumbai skipper Suryakumar Yadav contributed 40 runs. However, Yadav and veteran Wasim Jaffer (37) could not convert their knocks into big ones.
Aditya Waghmode did a fantastic job for Baroda, coming up with a 69-run knock before being caught off Thakur. However the other batsmen failed to resist the rival attack and only Deepak Hooda offered some fight, batting at number six. He scored 41 but once he was dismissed, Baroda innings fell apart.
Brief Scores: 
Mumbai: 210 all out in 45.3 overs.(S Khan 41 not out, S Yadav 40; D Hooda 5/55).
Baroda: 197 all out in 47.1 overs(A Waghmode 69, D Hooda 41; S Thakur 3/39, A Herwadkar 3/29).
Rituraj shines on Jharkhand debut
Former Rajasthan medium pacer Rituraj Singh grabbed five wickets on his debut for Jharkhand as they comfortably thrashed minnows Tripura by eight wickets in an east zone leg match of the Vijay Hazare Trophy One Day meet.
Batting first, Tripura scored 173 in 48.3 overs with Rituraj taking 5 for 34 in 9.3 overs while India A bowler Rahul Shukla took two for 25.
For Tripura, their outstation professional Rakesh Solanki scored 63 off 106 balls with Nirupam Sen Chowdhury (42) adding 87 runs for the sixth wicket stand after they were reeling at 30 for five.
In reply, Jharkhand scored the runs in only 33.3 overs with 16-year-old schoolboy Virat Singh (86 not out) scoring bulk of the runs in a 81-run-partnership for the second wicket with Ishan Kishan.
Brief Scores: Tripura 173 in 48.3 overs (Rakesh Solanki 63, Rituraj Singh 5/34). Jharkhand 178/2 in 33.3 overs (Virat Singh 86 no, Kumar Deobrat 48 no, Rana Dutta 1/31). Jharkhand won by 8 wickets.
Gujarat beat Maharashtra by five wickets
All-rounder Jesal Karia’s power-packed performance helped Gujarat beat Maharashtra by five wickets in a west zone leg match.
Batting first, Maharashtra scored 266 for nine in 50 overs with the two Nikhils — Naik and Paradkar contributing 64 and 41, respectively. Rohit Motwani scored 40 as Karia took two for 44 with his off-breaks. India A batsman Kedar Jadhav scored 17 while Ankit Bawne managed only 7.
In reply, it was Karia, who smacked 56 off 25 balls with seven boundaries and two sixes as Gujarat clinched the match in 48.1 overs. This was after Smit Patel (61) and Parthiv Patel (45) added continued…

Out of my Mind: Charisma is not enoughWinning elections is one thing. Getting results as a ruler is quite another.
Written by Meghnad Desai | Posted: November 9, 2014 12:05 am
The story goes of a Japanese executioner who was very swift and deft in the way he beheaded prisoners. One day, an aristocrat was about to be beheaded and the executioner swung his sword. The aristocrat said, ‘You seem to have failed. I am still here.’ The executioner said, ‘My Lord I would not nod my head if I were you.’
Last Tuesday’s elections in the US were a pitiless judgment on President Barack Obama. He may think he has survived, but he is now headless. The Democratic Party lost control of the Senate decisively. The Republicans needed six seats to gain control and got twice as many. The Democrats are even more behind in the House of Representatives than they used to be. In his remaining two years, Obama will not be just a lame duck. He will be a dead duck.
How has this happened? Obama was hailed as a miracle when he won in 2008. A million plus came to Washington DC for the inauguration; not just black people, but the full diversity of America. There was an atmosphere of hope despite the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the deep recession America and the world were entering into at the time. Indeed, it seemed to promise another New Deal .
There was a bonus. The newly-elected president was black, or at least of mixed race parentage. He had a Muslim middle name, a Kenyan father and a mother who had spent a lot of time in Indonesia. Perhaps he’s the first global American to be president. He was smart, an articulate law professor, had a glamorous wife and beautiful daughters.
To confirm America’s judgment, the Nobel Committee awarded him the Nobel Peace Prize before he had done anything of significance.
As I wrote at the time, he got the Nobel Prize for being black. Also perhaps for not being George W Bush, with whom Europeans were fed up. Wherever he went — Berlin, Oslo and Cairo — he seemed to give dramatic, path-breaking speeches.
Then one thing followed another and people began to see that Obama promised a lot but could not deliver. He was going to shut Guantanamo Bay, but was thwarted. His reflation programme did not quite do the job. Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke had to pull several trillion dollars worth of rabbits out of his central banker’s hat to revive the economy. The Congress was divided. There was a policy logjam. The Republicans in the House were very angry about Obamacare, perhaps the one thing he did which may outlast his presidency. The Tea Party adherents loathed him with a racist fervour that had disappeared from American politics for a while.
He came to office criticising Iraq war but got entangled in Afghansitan, making the double mistake of lingering for long and then pulling out before anything had settled. Despite his inspiring Cairo speech which promised continued…

Fifth Column: The doomsday clubThis is not “alleviation” of poverty; it is a guarantee that people who get employment in such a scheme will remain poor forever.
Written by Tavleen Singh | Posted: November 9, 2014 12:06 am
This column has campaigned for more than 20 years to end the practice of reserving Lutyens Delhi for politicians and bureaucrats. There are many reasons why I consider it a bad practice to give the people’s representatives and the people’s servants this sense of entitlement.
One of them is that the moment a normal human being occupies a colonial bungalow, his worldview changes. This has begun to happen to our new ministers who now affect airs and graces they never exhibited in their humbler days. As someone who has deep contempt for politicians who get above their station, I was starting to become disenchanted with the Modi sarkar until I attended a session at last week’s World Economic Forum.
It was a BBC debate in which the three participants were Piyush Goyal, Aruna Roy and Sunil Mittal. And while listening to the Minister for Power, Coal and Energy defend himself against bizarre charges flung at him by one of Sonia Gandhi’s closest advisors, I was jolted into remembering why India threw the Congress out.
Ms Roy, who was an important member of Sonia’s kitchen cabinet, did not open her mouth once without making it clear that, in her view, India was a truly hopeless place. She said religious tensions were dangerously high, prosperity was not a possibility and people were too terrified to say anything bad about the government. She did not notice the absurdity of this last charge till the BBC anchor reminded her that she had spoken her mind quite fearlessly during the debate. But then the anchor turned to a business editor, specially positioned to ask a question, and this gentleman railed on about how the government had shut the media out.
At this point, the minister pointed out that the Prime Minister had given more interviews in five months than the last prime minister gave in a decade. And for my part, may I remind you that Sonia and Rahul Gandhi almost never deigned to speak to the media. The point I am making is that there exists in Delhi today a doomsday club that does not miss any chance to predict that India is finished.
This club has, as its members, politicians, academics, historians, social activists and journalists. And, what unites them is their horror of a prime minister who clearly has no time for leftist intellectuals. It is a big shock for people who have controlled India’s intellectual space for decades. So confused are they by their sudden eviction from this space that Ms Roy was not even clear if she was asking for freedom of expression or the opposite. When she complained about attacks on the government’s critics on social media platforms, the minister had to remind her that she was asking for censorship.
For me, what was fascinating about this debate was that from continued…

From the Discomfort Zone: Digital fossilDigital technology is killing the service industry’s customer centricity.
Written by Shombit Sengupta | Posted: November 9, 2014 12:16 am
Thriving on customer dissatisfaction seems to be the hallmark of “digi-tech” service. You buy a phone package that offers hundreds of free text messages, but come Diwali or Christmas they’ll charge for the greetings you send on that day. Forgot to close your data service when travelling abroad? You’ll be slapped with a big bill! When your private bank has just raised the minimum balance amount, and you don’t have the minimum savings required, they’ll slowly take away your savings as penalty. You’ll never know about it until you visit that bank account you’ve not operated for some time.
Service operators have immense faith in e-service, believing no human touch/feel interface delivers great customer service. How wrong can they be! Digi-tech can only solve the programme that has been set. Have you experienced getting ripped off because of being unaware of 2G/3G mobile phone service availability when crossing inter-state borders? On landing you can message your client about your flight delay, but you find out the message was never delivered. Text messages don’t go when 3G is not available or works only intermittently. But e-service is so insensitive, it does not bother to inform you about re-adjusting your phone to 2G. Human contact is required in so many areas in the service industry, just going gaga over automation is not a solution.
Digital technology is killing the service industry’s customer centricity. A day’s delay in payment and you can be sure the telephone service provider’s representative will call you even without checking before disturbing you whether they have received the payment by that time. The way text messages junk your mail saying “Ignore if already paid”. Somebody else updates the receipts, the call centre person is merely prompted by the digital board to make that call.
On the other hand, whenever you as a premium customer call for specific service, you will be sent into multiple labyrinths of code to find the right person to solve your problem. Invariably you find no one at the other end, as though the problem is yours alone to carry and coddle because a set digi-tech programme cannot be controlled by an operator, you have to go to the source code.
Making love or giving affection cannot be done without human touch. In the same way, the service industry requires extreme human touch. The priority of most Indian mobile phone operators is getting the license and putting up the tower. These are hygiene factors for a mobile phone user. Whatever you develop in digi-tech, if your relationship with your customer is not humanised, you will never optimise your business to be sustaining, your business will become a fossil.
IT service industry to become the skeleton: Millions of our IT software programmers in the thousands of sophisticated development centres set up in India are doing piecemeal work. Many young IT service employees I’ve met have expressed their utter frustration working continued…

Flip Side: Letter testamentaryWritten by Dilip Bobb | Posted: November 9, 2014 12:04 am | Updated: November 9, 2014 12:05 am
Dear Shri Narendraji,
Thank you for your congratulatory message on the honour bestowed on me in Japan. My good friend Shinzo Abe spoke very highly of you. Of course, there is a difference in the relationships he has with us two. He gave you a hug, he gave me a medal —the Grand Cordon of the Order of Paulownia Flowers. Incidentally, Paulownia is a tree which is straight and extremely lightweight. The photographs of us in Japan show me with the medal and, in your case, there’s the one of you pulling a child’s ears. That is why I have addressed this letter as ‘10 PM to 5 PM’. I was prime minister for 10 years, you have just completed 5 months. So this is a letter testamentary. A will and testament to my successor, bequeathing some words of friendly advice as you embark on your first Cabinet reshuffle. Cabinet reshuffles always reminded me of college, where you are forced to sit in a room with people you can’t stand. Incidentally, my college was Cambridge and, as you know, I too came from humble beginnings. Be that as it may, Cabinet reshuffles are a lesson in humiliation. Political allies no longer demand Cabinet berths, they tell you which Cabinet post they want and it must be an upper berth. It’s a wide spectrum. You may have the same problem with the Shiv Sena. There are always crouching tigers and hidden dragons, or dragon ladies.
Remember, there is a honeymoon period. Mine lasted five years. Then there is the cooling-off period. In my case, that also lasted five years. You are experiencing the honeymoon, the public loves you, businessmen praise you to the sky, the media sings hosannas and creates these fancy headlines — Newsweek called me ‘The leader other leaders love’. I’m sure they are saying similar things about you.
‘Rockstar’ was a phrase heard when you were in New York, surrounded by all those Patels and Shahs from New Jersey. It must have been like preaching to the faithful. In my last five years, I was presiding over the unfaithful. Every minister thought he or she was a raja. Thanks to them, I was hauled over the coal by the media, not to mention media advisors. A few words of advice: I notice you have avoided hiring a media advisor. I only realised much too late that when media advisors join the PMO, they are immediately offered a book deal.
Publishers are strange. They offer the media advisor to the PM a book deal, but no one has offered me one. I would have to take permission first, of course. Loyalty is key to survival in politics, but it is in such short supply. Even those whose loyalty you take for granted start taking you for granted, especially when you are out of the country on a state visit. I was reminded of my own continued…

Inside Track: Talkative ministersPrint
Written by Coomi Kapoor | Posted: November 9, 2014 12:10 am
Cabinet Ministers Nitin Gadkari and Ram Vilas Paswan tend to hold forth on any issue that comes before the Cabinet. To show his seniority, Paswan goes into the history of decisions taken at Cabinet meetings he had attended when V P Singh and Atal Bihari Vajpayee were prime ministers. PM Narendra Modi seems to be getting increasingly irritated with their long-windedness. The question is when the two ministers will get the hint.
Irani shooting?
Before the Lok Sabha election results, HRD Minister Smriti Irani had signed on to play Abhishek Bachchan’s mother in the movie All is Well. But after Irani was appointed minister, most assumed she’d bow out of the project. However, the film’s director, Umesh Shukla, is hopeful Irani will shoot after Parliament’s Winter Session.
Piqued son
The reason G K Vasan quit the Tamil Nadu Congress is that he felt the party did not give due respect to his father G K Moopanar. State Congress ID cards used to display the photographs of Congress leader K Kamaraj and G K Moopanar. However, after the Congress units in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana sought to display photos of P V Narasimha Rao in their party ID cards, Sonia Gandhi issued instructions that membership cards only carry photographs of Mahatma Gandhi and Pandit Nehru. There is also a dispute between the state Congress and Vasan over a plot in the popular shopping centre of Teynampet in Chennai which houses the Moopanar memorial. The land in Teynampet belongs to the Congress but Vasan had carved out a plot where the body of his late father is placed.
Outsider gets it right
Rajdeep Sardesai’s just-released book 2014: The Election That Changed India has a lot of anecdotes about the campaign. Sardesai recalls that two days before counting, Airtel chief Sunil Mittal hosted a party attended by politicians, media barons and corporate tycoons. Mittal said he would offer a Franck Muller watch to the guest who came closest to predicting the final BJP tally. Most high-flyers at the party were way off the mark. The one who came closest to the actual figure of 282 seats was Meenaskhi Dass, a low-key member of a Delhi business family who predicted 266 seats for the BJP. Her guess was more accurate than Arun Jaitley’s, who settled for 245 seats.
Age no bar
Although Modi has decreed that politicians older than 75 not be made ministers, there is no such limit for heads of councils or commissions. Lokesh Chandra, 87, was recently named chairman of the Indian Council for Cultural Relations. Bimal Jalan, who has been appointed to head the Expenditure Management Commission, and Hari Gautam, in charge of the UGC reforms committee, are both well into their 70s. Age is no bar, specially when appointments are courtesy RSS.
Goa lucky for Modi
The offer to join Modi’s Cabinet had been made earlier to Goa Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar, but he had hesitated. Although he has a warm personal equation with Narendra Modi, Parrikar felt he might be too independent-minded to adjust to Modi’s individualistic style continued…

Xi Jinping backs HK Chief Executive  rejects demand of protestersBy: Press Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: November 9, 2014 3:35 pm
For the first time, Chinese President Xi Jinping today backed the embattled Hong Kong Chief Executive for his efforts to safeguard the rule of law and maintain social order in the Asian financial hub and rejected the demand of pro-democracy protesters to sack him.
Leung Chun-ying, a Chinese backed real-estate tycoon who is on the firing line for over a month from Hong Kong’s street protests, met Xi on the sidelines of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) meet here. Xi, also General Secretary of the ruling Communist party extended support to Leung and his government’s efforts to safeguard the rule of law and maintain social order in Hong Kong without directly without directly referring to pro-democracy protests.
The central government “fully affirms and supports” the efforts of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR)
chief executive and the HKSAR government to govern in line with law, especially their great deal of work to safeguard the
authority of rule of law and maintain social order, Xi said, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.
This is the first time that the Chinese leadership at the highest level backed Leung even though some of the state-run publications have stated in editorial commentaries earlier. Thousands of students are carrying out a prolonged and unrelenting agitation by blocking a number of key roads in the former British colony, the biggest since it merged with China in 1997.
The agitation is aimed at a new rule brought in by Chinese Parliament to screen candidates to take part in the first direct election of the Chief Executive in 2017. They want the rule to vet the candidates to be removed. China so far rejected the demand for repeal of the rule even though officials in Hong Kong held one round of unsuccessful talks with the student protesters.
The agitators also sought meeting with the Chinese leadership. There is no reaction from Beijing so far in this.
In his meeting with Leung, Xi said China has adopted a key blueprint to advance the rule of law in a comprehensive way, which includes the legal implementation of the “One Country, Two Systems” policies in Hong Kong. The central government expects all circles in Hong Kong can seize the historic opportunity to realise universal suffrage according to law and keep a stable, peaceful social environment for the citizens thus together writing a new chapter in Hong Kong’s democratic development, Xi said
reaffirming China’s determination not change the rule to screen the candidates.
Later talking to the media here, Leung expressed confidence in restoring law and order through the city’s own capability implying that the People’s Liberation Army would not be deployed to respond to the protest movement as some have speculated. Asked if there would be a police operation in the near future to dismantle the protest camps he said “we cannot make public any police operation. Any road clearance continued…

Kashmir: Fourteen persons injured incloudburstPrint
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: November 9, 2014 9:44 pm | Updated: November 9, 2014 9:46 pm
Fourteen persons were injured in a cloudburst that occurred in Kokernag area of South Kashmir’s Anantnag District on Saturday evening.
A police spokesperson said that fourteen persons were injured after a cloudburst hit the Patti Samdal village, in Kokernag .  “There was a cloudburst in the village late Saturday evening,” he said.
He said that all the injured have been shifted to the hospital for treatment. “Immediately after the incident, all the injured were immediately shifted to the hospital where are they being treated.” A senior official said that property worth lakhs of rupees was also damaged in the incident.

Iraq investigates Islamic State chiefs fate after US airstrikesIslamic State jihadist group chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
By: Agence-France Presse | Baghdad | Posted: November 9, 2014 9:06 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 1:30 pm
Iraq was investigating whether Islamic State jihadist group chief Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was killed in air strikes by US-led coalition warplanes targeting the group’s leaders.
The death of the elusive Baghdadi would be a major victory for the coalition of countries carrying out air strikes against IS and aiding Iraqi forces fighting to regain large areas of Iraq that the jihadists have overrun.
The announcement of the strikes came after President Barack Obama unveiled plans to send up to 1,500 more US troops to Iraq to advise and train the country’s forces, deepening Washington’s commitment to the open-ended war against IS.
“Until now, there is no accurate information available,” a senior Iraqi intelligence official said when asked about whether Baghdadi had been killed.
“The information is from unofficial sources and was not confirmed until now, and we are working on that,” the official said without specifying what the initial reports indicated.
US Central Command, which oversees American forces in the Middle East, yesterday said that coalition aircraft conducted a “series of air strikes” against “a gathering of (IS) leaders near Mosul”.
“We cannot confirm if (IS) leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi was among those present,” said Centcom spokesman Patrick Ryder.
The US-led strikes late Friday were a further sign of “the pressure we continue to place on the ISIL terrorist network,” he said, using another acronym for the Islamic State group.
The aim was to squeeze the group and ensure it had “increasingly limited freedom to manoeuvre, communicate and command”.
“I can’t absolutely confirm that Baghdadi has been killed,” General Nicholas Houghton, the chief of staff of the British armed forces, told BBC television on Sunday. “Probably it will take some days to have absolute confirmation.”
Washington has offered a USD 10 million reward for his capture, and some analysts say he is increasingly seen as more powerful than Al-Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri.

Two senior J&K leaders swap sides ahead ofpollsPrint
By: Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: November 9, 2014 8:50 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 3:38 am
Nearly a fortnight ahead of the first phase of assembly elections in Jammu Kashmir, two senior leaders of Congrss and the Bharatiya Janata Party along with their supporters on Sunday changed sides.
While Bharatiya Janata Party sitting MLA from Basohli, Jagdish Raj Sapolia, returned to Congress, the latter’s state vice-president Thakur Puran Singh joined the former. Sapolia was denied ticket by BJP as it suspected that he along with its six other legislators had cross voted for Congress-National Conference nominees during the 2011 Legislative Council polls.
Significantly, Sapolia was first time elected to the Legislative Assembly as a Congress nominee from Basohli in 1987. Later in 1999, he left the party and joined BJP citing “personal reasons”. During the 2008 assembly elections, he got elected from Basohli as a BJP nominee.
Fifteen years later, he returned to Congress citing “personal reasons” for quitting the BJP.
Thakur Puran Singh was first time elected to the Legislative Assembly from Darhal as an independent during the 2002 elections and was subsequently inducted as minister of state into the Mufti Sayeed led coalition government. Later, he joined Congress and unsuccessfully contested the 2008 assembly polls from the same constituency.

Need committed practitioners to promote Ayurveda: Narendra ModiPrint
Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the valedictory function of the 6th World Ayurveda Congress in New Delhi on Sunday. (PTI Photo)
By: Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: November 9, 2014 8:25 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 9:09 am
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday said the biggest challenge for ayurveda is the inclination of its practitioners towards prescribing allopathic drugs.
Modi was speaking at the valedictory session of the 6th World Ayurveda Congress at Pragati Maidan. This is the first time that the Union government is one of the organisers of the event.
“The biggest challenge for ayurveda are the people who have dedicated themselves to it, but when a patient comes, often say let us start with allopathic medicine for the first three days and then move to ayurveda. Ayurveda doctors need to be 100 per cent committed it ayurveda,” Modi said in his address. Crosspathy is not allowed as a per a Supreme Court order, but that does not stop ayurveda practitioners from prescribing allopathic medicines.
The PM emphasised the point that the two are not competing streams of science because one has to do with prevention and the other with cure, but there is a need for ayurveda to be spoken about in a language that the world understands. “Medical journals should dedicate 10-20 per cent of their space to Ayurveda,” he added.
He cited the example of the global popularity of Yoga to assert that it is possible for ayurveda too to attain such heights, but the precondition is that people who work on it should first believe it themselves.

Birender Singh  who made the successful switchBirender Singh, who made the successful switch
Poornima Joshi
Chaudhary Birender Singh
New Delhi, November 9:  
The Congress admittedly did not treat the grandson of legendary peasant leader Sir Chotu Ram of the erstwhile United Punjab with the reverence that he thought he deserved.
Birender Singh spent over 40 years of his political life with the Grand Old Party. But his patience was apparently exhausted when Manmohan Singh ignored him in the Cabinet reshuffle that took place in 2013.
In the run-up to the Lok Sabha polls, the Jat leader seemed resigned to the loss of his party. Finally, in August, he joined the BJP at a public rally during the Haryana Assembly elections where he shared the dais with party President Amit Shah. The BJP went on to win a majority in the 90-member Assembly and it was only a matter of time that the elderly leader’s ambitions were met.
His induction as a Cabinet Minister is a clear signal to the community. The BJP’s victory in Haryana was largely due to the consolidation of non-Jat voters. The Jats overwhelmingly voted for Om Prakash Chautala-led Indian National Lok Dal.
The BJP would like to win over the support of this dominant community in Haryana even though for the first time since the creation of the State, the party has appointed a non-Jat as the Chief Minister.
By inducting Birender Singh into the Cabinet, the BJP is hoping to keep the Jat community happy.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

High-drama marks Suresh Prabhus re-entry into the CabinetHigh-drama marks Suresh Prabhu’s re-entry into the Cabinet
Our Bureau
Switches from Shiv Sena to BJP just before the swearing-in
New Delhi, November 9:  
After almost a decade, 61-year-old Suresh Prabhu returns to the Union Cabinet.
Known for his financial and technical competency, Prabhu’s absorption into the Modi Cabinet was expected for sometime now.
But, the hitch was the party – Shiv Sena – he belonged to. Till late Sunday afternoon as Prabhu got ready take oath, it was not clear whether he was taking oath as a BJP nominee or a Shiv Sena representative.
It was only later that it came out in public domain that Prabhu has quit Sena and joined BJP.
Described as a banker politician, Prabhu is known for his integrity. Before joining politics in March 1996, he was a practising chartered accountant.
A former Chairman of Saraswat Bank, Prabhu’s public life began after being appointed Chairman of Maharashtra State Finance Commission in 1995.
Prabhu is a Commerce graduate and a chartered accountant and also holds a Law Degree from Mumbai University.
From the coastal Konkan region of Maharashtra, he began his political career in March 1996 after winning the Lok Sabha elections from Rajapur (currently known as Ratnagiri-Sindhudurg) constituency in Maharashtra on a Shiv Sena ticket.
Between 1996 and 2009, he won the seat four times before losing in 2009.
His connect to the corporate world is well known.
Speaking recently at a sustainability summit, Prabhu said “It should be made mandatory for companies to report not just on their financial numbers but also sustainability. India should take the lead in making integrated reporting mandatory for companies.”
He is already heading the Advisory Group for Integrated Development of Power, Coal and Renewable Energy as well as the Council on Energy, Environment and Water.
Prabhu was a Minister in the previous NDA Governments too.
He became the Union Minister for Industries in 1996, which was his first stint as a Minister.
In 1998, he took charge as the Minister for Environment and Forests before becoming the Minister for Fertilisers and Chemicals in 1999.
Prabhu’s stint as the Minister of Power in 2002 has drawn praises from all quarters for the efficient manner in which he handled his job.
Subsequently, he was also the Minister of Heavy Industry and Public Enterprises and Chairman Task Force for Interlinking of Rivers – a role which was granted Cabinet Minister rank and status.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

WTO logjam may be broken at agri committee meet on ThursdayWTO logjam may be broken at agri committee meet on Thursday
Amiti Sen
Centre has conveyed its negotiating position to team in Geneva
New Delhi, November 9:  
An end-of-the-week crucial meeting of the World Trade Organisation’s agriculture committee is likely to indicate if India and the US will break the deadlock on issues of food security and trade facilitation before the informal Christmas deadline.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has already discussed with Commerce & Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and senior Commerce Ministry officials the minimum concessions on food security that India needs to try and secure in return for its support to a trade facilitation pact.
“We have communicated our decision to the Indian Mission in Geneva. We hope that the US, which has softened and has indicated its willingness to compromise, will recognise our reasonable approach and agree to what we want and so will other members,” a Government official told BusinessLine.
The WTO’s Committee on Agriculture, with representatives from all member countries, will meet on Thursday and could continue discussions on Friday as well if talks gain momentum, according to the schedule.
New Delhi wants a permanent peace clause protecting it against action from other countries in case its food procurement subsidies breach given caps (of 10 per cent of production of a particular crop). This means that the peace clause will stay active till members re-work the formula for calculating subsidies in a way that it doesn’t hurt India’s food security programmes.
It also wants the peace clause to be made more user-friendly with a number of conditions dropped that relate to supply of voluminous data and documents and proving that the subsidies were non-trade distortive to be dropped.
The on-going global trade talks got dead-locked in July when India refused to support a protocol on trade facilitation – a pact to ease flow of goods between borders by upgrading infrastructure and processes – as its concerns on food security were not getting adequately addressed.
The US, which had declined to make the peace clause permanent when India had put in this sole demand in July, is now willing to do so. It has softened as it has realised that it would not be able to get much support from other members into pushing India to support the trade facilitation pact without its consent.
India will also have to answer questions posed by the West on why it notified its domestic programmes in US dollars when it had taken on commitments in Indian rupees in 1986-88.
The shift in currencies gave India a distinct advantage. It brings down India’s subsidy levels as the dollar has appreciated substantially since the prices were notified.
(This article was published on November 9, 2014)
Related

Kei Nishikori stuns Andy Murray in ATP Tour FinalsopenerNishikori secured important points in a tough Group B that also includes Roger Federer and Milos Raonic. (Source: Reuters)
By: Reuters | London | Posted: November 9, 2014 10:46 pm
Kei Nishikori started his maiden campaign at the ATP Finals with a 6-4, 6-4 win over home favorite Andy Murray on Sunday.
The fourth-seeded Japanese – the first Asian player to qualify for the year-end championship – was in complete control and secured important points in a tough Group B that also includes Roger Federer and Milos Raonic.
After the round-robin stage, the top two finishers in each group advance to the semifinals of the indoor tournament at the O2.
Murray only sealed his spot at the season finale last week in Paris following an impressive run that saw him win 20 of his previous 23 matches. But he appeared tired and never looked capable of turning the match around despite support from the crowd.
“Maybe the beginning was a little bit tight, but I started feeling well and the second set was almost perfect,” said Nishikori after posting his first win over Murray. “I knew he is very consistent from the baseline so I knew I had to be more aggressive than usual and that’s how I won today. It’s my goal to go semifinal and final.”
Murray, who had expressed worries that he could be rejected by local fans after coming out in favor of Scottish independence in September, received a warm welcome as he entered the court.
The Scot secured the first break in the fifth game after taking advantage of his opponent’s unforced errors but could not hold his next serve after hitting two double faults.
Nishikori did not serve well, hitting eight double-faults and averaging a low first-serve percentage of 46. But Murray also struggled on his service games, winning only seven points on his second serve.
Nishikori progressively took control of the match, pushing Murray into long rallies before overwhelming him with powerful groundstrokes. Pegged back well behind his baseline, Murray saved one set point with a crosscourt forehand that Nishikori could not return but fluffed a backhand drop shot on the next one.
The Japanese player continued at the same pace in the second set and broke for a 2-0 lead after leaving Murray stranded on the baseline with a fine drop shot. The former Wimbledon champion fought hard to save three break points in the fourth game to stay in the match and a series of errors from Nishikori in the seventh game helped Murray to break back before receiving a massage on his left calf at the changeover.
Murray leveled at 4-4 but could not build on the momentum as Nishikori converted his first match point in the 10th game when Murray dropped his serve for the fourth time following three consecutive backhand errors.

I hope the selectors take a note of my performance: UmeshYadavUmesh Yadav was impressive with the ball and recorded his best figures in ODIs (Source: PTI)
Written by Daksh Panwar | Hyderabad | Posted: November 9, 2014 10:41 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 3:43 am
As far as cricketing moments go, it is a rather odd delivery to remember. But Tinu Yohannan squaring up England’s Mark Butcher on a distant winter morning in Mohali just got stuck in this correspondent’s mind like a gum to the boot. It was one viciously good ball, a near unplayable one for a left-hander. The dismissal would make the best of seamers feel proud.
In the grander scheme of things, however, it didn’t have any significant impact. Neither in the course of the Test match — which India won thanks to their batting and spinners — nor on Yohannan’s career, which fizzled out quickly after he failed to come up with that kind of ball again.
The memories of Mohali came flooding back on an overcast Sunday at the Rajiv Gandhi International stadium at Uppal when Umesh Yadav produced that ball, twice, back-to-back, to remove opener Kusal Perera and Kumar Sangakkara.
“I was holding back just a little bit because what happens sometimes with bowling outright fast is that it ends up either at the batsman’s feet or too short,” Yadav said later. “So I thought since the conditions are favourable and the wicket is helping, why not try and hit the right length and let the ball do the rest.”
Keeping it simple
He did. And thepitch, hard and bouncy, did the rest. A breeze blew gently across when Yadav ran in to bowl the first over. He began with a delivery that shaped away from the left-handed Perera, proceeded to bowl a wide and a short one that was pulled for four. There was swing and speed, but little evidence of control so far. Then, off the last ball of the over, it all came together.
Yadav sent down a 140 kmph scorcher short of a length and just outside leg. It jinked in upon pitching and opened up Perera, taking a faint edge to the ‘keeper. Perera, 24, is young, relatively inexperienced and out-of-form. But those weren’t the reasons that got him out. The ball did.
Kumar Sangakkara is 37, relatively in-form as he made a half-century in the last match, and with nearly 13000 ODI runs, a giant of the game. He suffered the same fate nevertheless, in an almost identical fashion off the very first ball that he faced.
It was the second time in the series that Yadav, who has bowled at an unsettling pace, accounted for these two men. In the last match at Motera too, he removed Perera with a 90-mph delivery that pitched at leg-stump and straightened, trapping the batsman in front. Sangakkara’s wicket was a lucky one, coming as it did off a full-toss.
But skill, not luck, was what favored the pacer in the third ODI on Sunday. Yadav went on to take two more wickets continued…

Magnus Carlsen breaks Viswanathan Anands defence  wins Game 2 of WorldChampionshipBy: Press Trust of India | Sochi | Posted: November 9, 2014 10:16 pm
Defending champion Magnus Carlsen of Norway drew the first blood by defeating challenger Viswanathan Anand in the second game of the World Chess Championship in Sochi on Sunday.
It turned out to be a shocking defeat for Anand, who played the black side of a Ruy Lopez after what appeared like a seemingly innocuous position for the Indian ace.
The spectators online from across the world were cheering for Anand on various social media networks after he got a tangible position from what seemed like a complete lost position and this was when the Indian missed the thread and played an inexplicable blunder to let the game end on an abrupt note.
With his first victory as early as in the second tie of the 12-game match, Carlsen now leads the series by 1.5-0.5 and Team Anand will now have to think of something out-of-the-box to contain the Carlsen juggernaut.
The opening took shape in familiar territory only for a brief while as Carlsen came up with a new idea as early as on move nine in a closed Ruy Lopez set up to make Anand think something of his own.
The middle game featured routine manoeuvres after Carlsen settled for a relatively simple position in the middle game with Bishops of opposite colours. Even though the computer suggested a miniscule advantage for Carlsen, the world elite opined that Anand was well within equalising stage.
However, Carlsen’s imaginative manoeuvres over the board proved too much for Anand to handle and soon enough the Indian was staring at a dangerous attack on his Kingside. Anand tried to come up with his defensive manoeuvres but he could not really create any real counter play, which was the main cause of the disaster.
 
Keeping a huge advantage even after the trade of the last minor piece, Carlsen kept his queen and rooks on the same file and while Anand saved himself temporarily trading a pair of rooks his 34th move was a blunder leading to the defeat immediately as Carlsen’s Queen and rook seized the seventh rank.
Anand, to his fans, is known for some great defensive technique but this was certainly not his day. Yet again, Carlsen got what he wanted out of the middle game and never gave any real chance to the Indian.
This turns out to be a huge setback for Anand who began quite well in the first game of the match and was close to being equal in the second game. The five-time world champion from India will now get a day’s rest and the players will be back for the third game on Tuesday.

BJP will not hold talks with Shiv Sena on cabinet berths  portfolios: DevendraFadnavisFadnavis said talks about Sena's participation in the government were on at an "appropriate level" and the announcement regarding it will be made in Delhi.
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: November 9, 2014 10:14 pm | Updated: November 10, 2014 12:15 pm
The BJP will no longer discuss any ministerial berths or portfolios with the Shiv Sena, Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis said on Sunday evening, sharply retorting to Uddhav Thackeray’s demand that the BJP clarify whether it would seek the NCP’s support during the trust vote in the assembly.
The slamming of the door on the prolonged bargaining with the Shiv Sena came amid strong indications that the BJP had all but made up its mind to keep its oldest ally out of the government in the state. The BJP was on Sunday finalising its strategy to ensure the Fadnavis government clears the November 12 trust vote without need for Sena support in the House.
“Yes, the BJP is willing to hold discussions on matters related to principles… But hereafter, the BJP will no longer entertain any discussion with the Shiv Sena on ministers, the number of cabinet berths or portfolios,” Fadnavis said, soon after the Sena president had told reporters that “if the BJP takes the NCP’s support directly or indirectly, we will sit in the opposition”.
Uddhav spoke after a two-hour meeting with his MLAs and senior party colleagues, at the end of a dramatic day that saw the relations between the two parties plumb a new low after the Sena stayed away from Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s cabinet expansion exercise. The Sena’s candidate for inclusion in Modi’s cabinet, Anil Desai, flew to Delhi in the morning, but was called back to Mumbai before he could step out of the airport.
The Sena subsequently skipped the afternoon’s ceremony at Rashtrapati Bhavan, and the press release from the President’s Secretariat noted that Desai “could not be administered the oath of office and secrecy as he was not available for the purpose”.
In the evening, Fadnavis said, “Shiv Sena should have shown trust in Prime Minister Narendra Modi and allowed Anil Desai to join the union cabinet. The decision to induct Desai was taken after Thackeray gave his consent. It is unfortunate and sad that Desai did not join the government.”
Earlier on Sunday afternoon, the Chief Minister had met BJP president Amit Shah in Delhi.
Uddhav told reporters, “An anti-national power which is out to finish Hindus in the country has grown in the state. We do not want the strength of the Hindutva forces to be divided.
“It was Sharad Pawar who coined the term saffron terror, and it was his party that said Ishrat Jahan was not a terrorist. If the BJP is going to take support of the NCP then it will be difficult for us to go along with them.”
This drew a sharp response from the BJP.
A continued…
BJP will not entertain any discussion with Shiv Sena on minsters, number of cabinet berths or portfolios.

Trying to do whatever I can on field for the boys: ViratKohliBy: Press Trust of India | Ahmedabad | Posted: November 9, 2014 9:55 pm
India’s stand-in skipper Virat Kohli credited his bowlers for the series clinching six-wicket win over Sri Lanka in the third ODI, and said the home team’s bowling unit dished out a “brilliant performance” to restrict the visitors to 242.
Chasing a modest 242, a clinical India produced a commanding batting display to overhaul the target with 35 balls to spare and take an unassailable 3-0 lead in the five-match series at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium.
If the bowlers, led by Umesh Yadav (4-53) and Axar Patel (3-40), set up the win by restricting the visitors to 242 on a good batting track, then the Shikhar Dhawan (91 off 79 balls) inspired batting line-up did its job to make the opponents look ordinary yet again.
“That was a brilliant performance, especially with the ball, given we were one bowler short. We had to string in six overs from part-timers to restrict them (Sri Lanka) to 242. It was a fantastic (performance),” Kohli said at the post-match presentation ceremony.
Kohli himself completed a milestone as he became the quickest cricketer in history to reach 6000 ODI run mark, bettering legendary West Indian Vivian Richards’ record during his 53-run knock.
“I was not sure. I knew I had to get to 50 to get 6000, but I did not know how much faster I was from the great man (Viv Richards). I am trying to do whatever I can on the field for the boys,” he said trying to be modest.
Sri Lanka captain Angelo Mathews said the performance of the batsmen once again let the team down in the series.
“We flopped in our batting once again. You cannot keep repeating mistakes. 300 is a must on Indian wickets. 240 is nothing for bowlers to bowl at,” he said.
“About three-four wickets fell in the powerplay with minimum runs, which went against us. We are trying our combinations, we want to recognise our strengths and weaknesses going into the World Cup.”
Veteran Mahela Jayawardene, who was adjudged man of the match for his 118-run knock that came off 124 balls, said the visitors lacked consistency in all departments of the game.
“I am surprised and a bit embarrassed to win the man of the match. We need to be consistent in our overall game,” Jayawardene said.
“The way the Indians are playing, we need 300 to put them under pressure. They are putting us under lot of pressure by picking early wickets, putting us on the back foot straight away, and we are doing repair work after that.” he added.

RBL Bank plans to launch IPO in next 3 quartersRBL Bank plans to launch IPO in next three quarters
PTI Nov 9, 2014, 10.54AM IST
Tags:
initial public offer
(The bank posted a net profit…)
NEW DELHI: RBL Bank, formerly known as Ratnakar Bank , plans to raise funds through an initial public offer which will hit the market in the next 8-9 months.
"We are preparing ourselves for the IPO and it may hit market in 8-9 months. It would not happen this fiscal but next calender year," RBL Bank Managing Director Vishwavir Ahuja told PTI.
The quantum of offer has not been finalised by the board of the bank, he said, adding that the decision will be taken in the next few months after taking into account various factors including Basel III requirement.
The bank has been able to build scale and size in the last four years so that it gets right valuation, he said.
The capital is required for the next phase of operation as the bank has already done with transformation stage, he said, adding it has got high technology and risk management system.
The bank services more than 6 lakh customers and has a total business size of over Rs 26,000 crore. As of September total deposits were Rs 12,000 crore while advances stood at Rs 14,000 crore.
The bank posted a net profit of Rs 87 crore for six months ended September 2014, while for the entire 2013-14 the profit stood at Rs 93 crore.
"So we have almost matched the net profit of the last fiscal in the first two quarters of the current financial year," he said.
It got capital support of about Rs 1,500 crore from global and domestic investors in the last three years.
The bank had raised Rs 328 crore from a group of global investors, including CDC Group and Asia Capital and Advisors in April 2014.
Existing investors, including International Finance Corporation (IFC) and Gaja Capital, also participated in the capital infusion.
Last year, the bank acquired some assets of Royal Bank of Scotland Group (RBS), including the UK bank's mortgages, credit card and loan-against-property portfolios.
FEATURED ARTICLES

MSCI reshuffle a mixed bag for stocksMSCI reshuffle a mixed bag for stocks; FII inflows may rise
ET Bureau Nov 8, 2014, 11.00AM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(“There will be good foreign…)
MUMBAI: India could see more foreign institutional investor (FII) money flooding into equity markets with the country having regained its previous high of 7.25% in terms of weight in the MSCI Emerging Market index after a gap of three years. Also, India's weight in the MSCI BRIC index rose to a record 17.35% on October 31. To be sure, the impact of MSCI's semi-annual reshuffle will be mixed on individual stocks, with HDFC Bank for instance being adversely affected.
MSCI is adding 44 Indian stocks to its Global Smallcap Index while removing eight, it said Friday. The global index provider also excluded HDFC Bank and Reliance Power from the MSCI India index, while moving JP Associates and Reliance Capital to the Smallcap Index. The changes will take effect on November 26, it said.
"There will be good foreign inflows into many of these stocks when changes in international equity compiler MSCI's global indices take effect," said UR Bhat, MD, Deltron India. He also pointed out the impact would be mixed.
Impact Already Being Felt
"On the other hand, there will be a negative impact on some of the stocks that have dropped like HDFC Bank," he said. To be sure, the extent of such flows once the changes take effect will be difficult to predict given the global situation with the US seeking to end bond purchases and Japan stepping its stimulus efforts. India has been a draw among emerging markets with Narendra Modi taking over as Prime Minister with a substantial majority in Parliament and embarking on reform measures, with more pledged to follow.
FIIs have funneled about Rs 86,200 crore into equities so far this year against Rs 1.13 lakh crore all of last year. The MSCI India Index has risen 26% so far this year, while the MSCI Emerging Market index has declined 1.13%.
The impact of the MSCI changes is already being felt. HDFC Bank, likely to be hit most by the move, declined 1.5% to Rs 899 Friday while Reliance Capital and Reliance Power dropped 3% each.
The Reserve Bank of India has banned further stake purchases in HDFC Bank by FIIs. The Foreign Investment Promotion Board or FIPB, the nodal agency for clearing foreign direct investment (FDI), declined to clear the bank's proposal to hike the foreign portfolio investment limit.
On December 17 last year, the central bank barred further buying of HDFC Bank shares by foreign investors including nonresident Indians, persons of Indian origin and holders of depository receipts after overseas shareholding in the bank crossed the permissible limit of 49% of paid-up capital. Shares of HDFC Bank have surged by more than 40% since the ban was imposed by the central bank.
MSCI added Motherson Sumi Systems and Zee Entertainment to its Global Standard Index, leading to a pop in their stocks. Zee Entertainment hit a 52-week high of Rs 374 on Friday, before ending at Rs 372.45, 5% up. Motherson Sumi gained as much as 3.3% before ending flat at Rs 428.20. Jaiprakash Associates ended flat at Rs 33.
Many FIIs benchmark their Indian portfolios to the MSCI Index and hence need to move their money around when there is a change in weight.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FPIs infuse Rs 5 200 crore in Indian capital market in a weekFPIs infuse Rs 5,200 crore in Indian capital market in a week
PTI Nov 9, 2014, 10.58AM IST
Tags:
emerging market
(Since the beginning of the…)
NEW DELHI: Overseas investors have pumped in close to Rs 5,200 crore in capital markets in first week of the month on positive global cues coupled with government's reforms agenda.
The net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 4,412 crore ($718 million) from November 3-7, while they infused a net amount of Rs 765 crore ($125 million) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 5,177 crore ($843 million), as per the latest data.
Market analysts said that overseas investors (foreign Institutional Investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) are betting on hopes that European Central Bank (ECB) may announce stimulus measures to revive growth in Eurozone economies.
Besides, Japan has already announced plan to expand its additional stimulus package.
They believe that some of this excess liquidity will come to India compared to other emerging market countries.
Moreover, foreign investors are betting on India on account of the reforms agenda of the Central government.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 2.23 lakh crore ($37 billion) into the country's securities market.
This includes a net investment of Rs 86,678 crore in equities and Rs 1.37 lakh crore into debt market.
The strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $208 billion, while their investments in rupee terms is Rs 10.14 lakh crore.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $160 billion investments into equities and further about $47 billion in debt markets.
From the beginning of June, FIIs (Foreign Institutional Investors) along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors .
FEATURED ARTICLES

AirAsia joins fare war  puts one-way ticket ...AirAsia
(The move came as part of its…)
NEW DELHI: AirAsia India today joined the domestic fare war launching a week-long sale offer for its entire network with one-way tickets with prices as low as Rs 699 including taxes.
The move came as part of its Malaysian parent company AirAsia presenting a 'Big Sale' with three million promotional seats on its network from Kuala Lumpur, with a starting fare of Rs 2,599 for international flights operated by AirAsia Berhad and Thai AirAsia , the airline said in a release.
The Indian carrier is offering "an all inclusive one way fare" starting from as low as Rs 699 for flights from Bengaluru to Chennai, Kochi , Goa, Jaipur and Chandigarh and vice versa.
The Malaysian parent company's offer of Rs 2,599 would be available on flights from Chennai, Kochi, Kolkata, Bengaluru, Tiruchirappalli and Hyderabad to Kuala Lumpur operated by AirAsia Berhad and Chennai to Bangkok flown by Thai AirAsia, the release said.
The tickets can be booked on Airasia's website from tonight till November 16, for travel period from June 10 next year to January 17, 2016, it said.
AirAsia India CEO Mittu Chandilya said "it is our constant endeavor to make air travel affordable for every Indian."
He said the 'Big Sale' offer would "allow our guests to plan their travel early with extremely low fares."
All Indian airlines have been competing with each other to fill up vacant seats, especially during the lean seasons, by offering low fares throughout the year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Property registry to be delivered at home in...You are here: Home > Collections > Rohtak
Property registry to be delivered at home in Haryana
PTI Nov 9, 2014, 08.04PM IST
(Concerned officers will…)
CHANDIGARH: Haryana government today said it is working on a new policy to check corruption during immovable property registration at revenue offices in the state.
Under the new policy, a buyer or seller wanting to get property registered or transferred will just have to deposit requisite stamp duty in the tehsil (revenue office) while the owner will get registry at home.
This was stated by Haryana Chief Minister Manohar Lal Khattar in Rohtak today.
Stating that people have lots of complaints regarding registry of immovable property in tehsils, Khattar said, "Work has already started on the new arrangement under which people will get registry at their doorsteps. Concerned officers have assured me that it will be in place after a month."
"If any discrepancy is found in the new system of delivery of registry at people's doorsteps, it would be addressed. If any mistake is found in the registry delivered at the house of the property owner, it would be rectified," he said.
Concerned officers will be held responsible for any fault in implementation of the programmes being launched by the state government, he said.
"We went to people with the promise of development and elimination of corruption from its roots. Now, all works will be carried out in keeping with the wishes of the people. It is my first visit to Rohtak. I know people have high expectations from the government and we shall work to meet them. Action will be taken on every complaint posted on the Chief Minister Window to be started at the district level," Khattar said.
Referring to the first expansion of the Union Government today in which Haryana also got representation, Khattar expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and BJP President Amit Shah, for inducting Birender Singh as Cabinet Minister.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Berlin Wall s fall 25 yrs ago an epic blow ...Angela Merkel
("The fall of the Berlin Wall…)
BERLIN: The fall of the Berlin Wall 25 years ago, heralding the end to the Cold War between East and West, showed the world "dreams can come true" and should inspire people trapped in tyranny everywhere, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Sunday.
Festivities to mark the anniversary have drawn more than 100,000 Berliners and tourists to the centre of the once-divided city. Many wandered along a 15-km (9-mile) former "death strip" where the Wall once stood, and 7,000 illuminated helium balloons were perched 3.6 metres (11.8 feet) high on poles - matching the height of the barrier built in 1961 by Communist East Germany.
Merkel, a young scientist in Communist East Berlin when she got her first taste of freedom on Nov. 9, 1989, said in a speech that the Wall's opening in response to mass popular pressure would be eternally remembered as a triumph of the human spirit.
"The fall of the Berlin Wall showed us that dreams can come true - and that nothing has to stay the way it is, no matter how high the hurdles might seem to be," said Merkel, who is now 60 and has led united Germany since 2005.
"It showed that we have the power to shape our destiny and make things better," she said, noting that people in Ukraine , Syria , Iraq and elsewhere around the world should feel heartened by the example of the wall's sudden demise.
"It was a victory of freedom over bondage and it's a message of faith for today's, and future, generations that can tear down the walls - the walls of dictators, violence and ideologies."
Germans, with few anniversaries to fete after an earlier 20th century record of belligerence and war, have latched onto memories of the peaceful East German revolution that felled the wall as a bright, shining moment in their history.
But even the date Nov. 9 bears historical burdens, as Merkel noted. It was also the day in 1938 of the anti-Jewish pogrom "Kristallnacht", or "Night of Broken Glass", when Nazis carried out attacks on synagogues and Jewish shops across Germany.
"It was a date of shame and disgrace," said Merkel, referring to "Kristallnacht". "So on this 25th anniversary of the Wall's fall, I feel not only the joy of Nov. 9, 1989 but also the responsibility of German history."
LIGHTED BALLOONS MARK WALL
The artistic display of balloons, which dramatically illustrate how the Wall cut through the heart of Berlin, is also porous to enable people to easily move back and forth between the former East and West Berlin. The balloons will be set free on Sunday evening - symbolically reenacting the Wall's collapse.
"We have every reason to celebrate," Mayor Klaus Wowereit, whose city government has been rebuilding small segments of the Wall for posterity and tourists after almost all of the original concrete barrier was hastily torn down over two decades ago.
"We were all happy at the time that it had fallen and (so it) was torn down," he said.
The Berlin Wall was built in 1961 to stop East Germans fleeing to the West. It began as a brick wall and was then fortified as a heavily guarded 160 km (100-mile) double white concrete screen that encircled West Berlin, slicing across streets, between families, and through graveyards.
At least 138 people were killed trying to escape to West Berlin and many who were captured ended up in jail.
Communist regimes collapsed in the face of popular uprisings across Eastern Europe in 1989, signalling the end of the Cold War, of which the Berlin Wall had become the starkest symbol.
But despite the Wall's fall, German unity a year later and 2 trillion euros pumped into the formerly communist east of the country, there are still lingering east-west political, economic and social divisions in the city and country.
Voting patterns in east Berlin and eastern Germany are different, there is still an east-west income and wealth gap, and unemployment is nearly twice as high in the east.
"Forty years of division left their mark on many," said Kai Arzheimer, political scientist at the University of Mannheim. "The differences might be diminishing as years pass but only a lot slower than anyone would have dreamt 25 years ago."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sena to sit in opposition if BJP takes NCP s support: UddhavBJP
(Shiv Sena will sit in opposition…)
MUMBAI: Shiv Sena today threatened to sit in opposition in Maharashtra if ruling BJP dared to take support of Sharad Pawar's NCP for the survival of its government but also kept the door open for reconciliation, saying it should come clear on the issue within two days.
"Shiv Sena won't hanker for power at the cost of self- respect," Sena President Uddhav Thackeray told reporters at Sena Bhawan in Central Mumbai tonight, after a meeting of party legislators.
"Had we been hungry for power, we would have accepted whatever came our way in today's (Union ministry) expansion," he said.
"If we don't get a satisfactory answer (from BJP) in next two days, we will sit in opposition," Uddhav said.
"We feel Hindutva forces should not split. But Sharad Pawar has announced support to BJP. NCP leaders were the ones to visit the house of Ishrat Jahan (one of the victims of alleged 2004 fake encounter in Gujarat)," he said.
"It will be the misfortune of the state and country if BJP accepts NCP support," he said.
"Hindutva powers should be united and if BJP wants to go with NCP, then our paths will be different," Uddhav said.
"NCP Chief Sharad Pawar was the one who coined the term "saffron terror". If BJP accepts his party's support, we will prefer to sit in opposition and be with the people," he said.
Asked about Sena MP Anil Desai going to Delhi today but returning here without being sworn in, Uddhav said, "We had told them (BJP) that there cannot be two yardsticks, one for the Centre and other for state."
"In the Centre you are taking us with you, but there was no clarity about our role in the state," he said.
To a query on a reported meeting of Sena and NCP leaders recently, Uddhav said, "If I have to meet (NCP leaders) I will do so openly."
On former Sena leader Suresh Prabhu, who was inducted in the central ministry today, Uddhav said when Atal Bihari Vajpayee government first came to power, Bal Thackeray had named Prabhu as the party's first choice for ministerial post.
"Pawar had toppled the Vajpayee government and today it is Pawar whose company BJP wants," Uddhav said.
The newly installed Devendra Fadnavis government is slated to prove its majority on floor of House in a special session beginning tomorrow. BJP has 121 MLAs and needs support of 24 MLAs more to reach simple majority in the 288-member House.
FEATURED ARTICLES

A few WTO nations can t go ahead without solving food issue: IndiaCommerce and Industry Minister
(India made it clear that…)
NEW DELHI: India today made it clear that a few nations cannot move ahead with WTO trade pact without resolving the crucial food security issue and the matter needs consensus.
WTO Director General Roberto Azevedo recently said some some members were seeking implementation of the trade facilitation agreement (TFA) as a plurilateral pact as part of the three alternatives to end the impasse over food security.
"Decisions are to be taken on a consensus basis. You are not going to isolate any one decision or any one country and say Oh my God, you are not agreeing, forget it you can be where you are, we are moving ahead, (it ) cannot happen.
"Nothing is agreed till everything is agreed is a principle which drives the WTO. How could you then isolate trade facilitation...all of us want to have trade facilitation. How could you just prioritise that," Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said here.
India is not "obstructionist" and is only asking the WTO to follow the principle that 'nothing is agreed till everything is agreed', she said at India Global Forum.
India had made it clear that it would not ratify the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), a pact that eases global custom norms, until a permanent solution was found on the food subsidy issue.
Sitharaman said since the Uruguay Round of WTO, subsidies to farmers given by the US and the EU were never came on the table for discussion.
"...some subsidies are being given and they are never called subsidies and never brought on the table," she said, adding that "there was a distortion and an imperfection in the Bali agreement and that imperfection hurts our duty as a government which has to take care of its people".
The minister said that India did not want to re-negotiate the whole thing again, but the WTO should understand the case which New Delhi is presenting.
"We are with you on the TFA, we want to go ahead on that, but be sure that you understand the case which we are bringing in because otherwise we have western economies also come back and lecture us on 'Oh starving millions in India and government does not take care of them'. No, we want no such lectures, we will take care of starving Indians.
"But therefore please extend the peace clause and find us a permanent solution. Do not make us wait till 2017. These are legitimate demands," she added.
India had asked WTO to amend the norms for calculating agri subsidies so that the country could continue to procure foodgrains from farmers at minimum support price and sell them to poor at cheaper rates without violating the WTO norms.
The current WTO norms limit the value of food subsidies at 10 per cent of the total value of foodgrain production. However, the quantum of subsidy is computed after taking into consideration prices that prevailed two decades ago.
There are apprehensions that once India would fully implement its food security programme it may breach the cap.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hindustan Motors Ltd offers VRS to its emplo...Hindustan Motors Limited offers VRS to its employees
By PTI | 10 Nov, 2014, 07.25AM IST
REPRESENTATIVE IMAGE: The VRS scheme would be applicable from today (November 9) till November 20, both days inclusive, the company said in a statement.
()
Prices | Financials | Company Info | Reports
KOLKATA: The C K Birla owned Hindustan Motors Limited , which was put under suspension of work since May 24 this year, today offered VRS to all its employees.
The VRS notice was pasted on the gates of the company's Uttarpara unit by the management, which said all workers would be paid their statutory dues plus and additional amount of Rs one lakh each.
The VRS scheme would be applicable from today (November 9) till November 20, both days inclusive, the company said in a statement.
The Uttarpara unit of Hindustan Motors (HM) employed about 2,300 odd workers.
HM, which shot to limelight by manufacturing the iconic Ambassador car at its Uttarpara unit, faced troubled fortunes with declining sales of the vehicle over the years owing to onset of competition from Japanese and Korean auto makers.
Coupled with this, the unit was also facing severe cash crunch for which it was not being able to meet the working capital, leading to a situation where the company had to stop the production of Ambassador cars and effect a suspension of work notice at the Uttarpara unit.
A series of tripartite meetings which took place immediately after the suspension of work, yielded no result.
HM said in its statement that today's decision was in line with the restructuring of the Uttarpara unit, which was announced earlier.

Navy chief Admiral Dhowan reviews search ope...You are here: Home > Collections
Navy chief Admiral R K Dhowan reviews search operation; no missing personnel found
PTI Nov 9, 2014, 10.26PM IST
Tags:
Admiral R K Dhowan
(A TRV, with 29 personnel…)
VISAKHAPATNAM: Navy Chief Admiral R K Dhowan today reviewed the search and rescue operation by the force to find four of its personnel who are still missing after a torpedo recovery vessel sunk three days ago.
Admiral Dhowan arrived here this afternoon and reviewed the progress of the search and rescue (SAR) operation. He also visited the bereaved family of sailor James Jacob and also the family of an officer who is reported missing, the Navy said in a statement.
Thereafter, he met the rescued crew of the ill-fated vessel before departing for New Delhi late in the evening.
No missing personnel have been found till this evening, the statement said.
The search was going on in an area 120 nautical mile South West of Visakhapatnam catering for the prevailing drift and currents, it said.
Several ships of the Eastern Fleet and a few aircraft including Boeing P8I, Dorniers, Sea King 42C and Chetak helicopters have been deployed to search the missing personnel.
Naval authorities are also in constant touch with the families of three missing sailors, keeping them informed about the progress of SAR operations, it said.
A torpedo recovery vessel (TRV), with 29 personnel onboard, had sunk on Thursday night while on a "routine" mission to recover dummy torpedoes fired by the fleet's ships during a "routine" exercise.
Though 24 personnel were rescued safely by the fleet ships which reached the accident site promptly, one sailor James Jacob lost his life during the rescue operation and four personnel (one officer and three sailors) are still reported missing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Barack Obama defends plan to act on immigrationBarack Obama defends plan to act on immigration
Reuters Nov 9, 2014, 09.08PM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(Obama said he had watched…)
WASHINGTON: U.S. President Barack Obama defended his plan to use executive powers to implement some immigration reforms, saying in an interview broadcast on Sunday he had waited long enough for Congress to act.
Obama told congressional leaders on Friday he would try to ease some restrictions on undocumented immigrants, despite warnings from Republican leaders that such actions would "poison the well" or would be "a red flag in front of a bull".
The meeting came after Obama's Democratic Party was punished in midterm elections on Tuesday. Republicans seized the U.S. Senate and kept a majority in the House of Representatives, in what Obama said was a message from voters who held him responsible for how Washington worked, or didn't.
In an interview on CBS' "Face the Nation," Obama said he had watched while the U.S. Senate produced a bipartisan immigration reform bill, only to have it not taken up by House Republican Speaker John Boehner .
Obama said he had told Boehner if he could not get it done by the end of the year, the White House was going to have to take steps to improve the system.
"Everybody agrees the immigration system's broken. And we've been talking about it for years now in terms of fixing it," Obama said in the interview, according to a CBS transcript.
U.S. borders needed to be secure, the legal immigration system needed to be more efficient and there needed to be a path to legal status for the 11 million undocumented immigrants.
"We don't have the capacity to deport 11 million people -- everybody agrees on that," he said.
Obama insisted he was not telling Republicans they had run out of time or trying to circumvent them.
"The minute they pass a bill that addresses the problems with immigration reform, I will sign it and it supersedes whatever actions I take," Obama said in the interview.
"And I'm encouraging them to do so ... on parallel track we're going to be implementing an executive action.
"But if in fact a bill gets passed, nobody's going to be happier than me to sign it, because that means it will be permanent rather than temporary."
Every day that went by without immigration changes, the government was misallocating resources, deporting people who should not be deported and not deporting people who were dangerous, he said.
Any unilateral action promises to draw the ire of Republicans in Congress, however. U.S. Senator John Barrasso, the No. 4 Republican in the Senate, said in an interview with Reuters on Friday members of Congress had told Obama that would be a "toxic decision".
"It will hurt cooperation on every issue," Barrasso told "Fox News Sunday".
"What the president does over the next two months is going to set the tone for the next two years."
FEATURED ARTICLES

