The iPhone 6 Marks a Fresh Chance for Wireless Carriers to Kill Your Unlimited DataIs full price worth unlimited data?
Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Apple is enjoying a record success with its iPhone 6. In its first day of pre-orders, the iPhone 6 received some 4 million requests—doubling the number the iPhone 5 got in its first 24 hours two years ago. Demand is so strong that Apple announced it is already exceeding the initial pre-order supply. While a "significant amount" of the devices will be delivered to customers starting this Friday, the company said "many" of the pre-orders will have to wait until October.
Alison Griswold
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.
Should you want to get in on the iPhone 6 craze, you'll have ample choices from wireless providers. Verizon, Sprint, and AT&T are selling the 16 GB version starting at $199 with a two-year contract, while T-Mobile is carrying it contract-free for the full list price of $649. As per usual, at least one carrier is also using the iPhone 6 as a chance to break the customers still clinging to unlimited data from their plans. Verizon customers who wish to have their unlimited data grandfathered in with an iPhone 6 are once again being told that they must buy the device outright. If they choose to do that, the unlimited data will cost $30 a month on top of $55 to $90 per month for voice and texting fees.
Advertisement
Is the hefty upfront cost worth it in the long run? That depends on how much data you use. We crunched the numbers for a single smartphone on Verizon's standard More Everything plan as well as one on AT&T's Mobile Share Value plan to see how long you'd have to use your device—and with how much data—before keeping an unlimited plan would pay off.
Verizon

For a While Liquidity Led to StupidityRobert Shiller, winner of the 2013 Nobel Prize in Economics.
Photo by Petras Malukas/AFP/Getty Images
In case you thought that economics was all about numbers, one professor has given it a poetic turn. On Friday, Wellesley College economist Karl Case—who together with Nobel laureate Robert Shiller created the famous S&P/Case-Shiller Home Prices indices —honored his longtime colleague with an original poem on real estate bubbles and the financial crisis.
"Reflection on the Housing Market: Seven Years After the Fall," which was reprinted in full with Case's permission on the Wall Street Journal's Real Time Economics blog, spans 21 stanzas and takes its readers from the beginning of the real estate boom to the lingering fallout of the recession. The poem appears to have been first published in 2010, but Case has updated some stanzas and added others to reflect the passage of time. For example, there's now a bit about people living with their parents:
In the longer run a lot depends
On the rate of household formation
That depends in part of course
On the rate of immigration
It also matters what kids do
Like living with Mom and Dad
Or doubling up till they get a job
To pay for their very own pad
Advertisement
Case has some fun turns of phrase in his poem ("For a while liquidity led to stupidity") and some genuine commentary on economic policy ("The guys at the Fed have repeatedly said/That their mandate includes employment/But with rates at zero no one's a hero/No weapons left for deployment"). And at least one thing hasn't changed in Case's poem since the original: his opinion of politicians. The updated version of "Reflection on the Housing Market," like its predecessor, ends with this zinger to Capitol Hill: "Politicians, of course, are starting to shout/That they want more retribution/It's better, I think, if they used their time/Helping to find a solution."
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.

Report: Federal auto regulators ignored early information on ignition switch failure0
Friedman consistently defended NHTSA, saying that despite hundreds of complaints about stalling in small GM cars and some individual reports linking the problem to the ignition switch, the regulator were unable to pinpoint the issue both because of the complexity of the problem and the fact that other possibilities seemed more plausible.
Once the agency got a handle on the problem, he said, it acted aggressively. He noted that the agency imposed a maximum $35 million fine on GM for failing to report the defect in a timely fashion. He also said that the regulator was working to implement new policies and is considering asking for new staff to make it more efficient.
But those answers seemed to irritate lawmakers more than assuage them.
McCaskill said it is "very hard to watch you rationalize and excuse a regulatory agency," going on to ask him, "Why you cannot take a measure of responsibility?"
Earlier this year, GM began recalling 2.6 million Chevrolet Cobalts, Saturn Ions and other small cars to correct a problem it first got wind of more than a decade earlier. The cars' ignitions could easily slip into the accessory position, stiffening brakes and steering, while causing cars to stall and making air bags inoperable.
Those problems were followed by a cascade of recalls: more than 29 million by GM and some 48 million among all automakers, easily surpassing previous records .
Sen. Ed Markey, D-Mass., who has offered legislation requiring automakers to share more information with regulators about safety defects and for NHTSA to make that data public, accused the agency of giving the "NHTSA shrug" when presented with information about potential defects.
Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., who co-sponsored the NHTSA legislation with Markey, said he differed with his colleague about the shrug. "It was the NHTSA snooze," he said. "I think NHTSA nodded off on safety."
 
Copyright © 2014, Chicago Tribune
Related Content

Amelio in tie-up with CSC for onsite childcare facilityUpdated: September 18, 2014 19:00 IST
Amelio Childcare in pact with CSC
Special Correspondent
The Hindu CEO Sridevi Raghavan and Director Raghavan Jawahar, Amelio Child Care. Photo: N. Ramakrishnan
TOPICS
merger, acquisition and takeover
Chennai city-based Amelio Childcare has inked a 5-year deal with CSC (Computer Sciences Corporation), a global IT Services company with over 20,000 employees in India, to set up an onsite childcare facility within the CSC campus at Madras Export Processing Zone in Tambaram.
Amelio provides high quality onsite child care solutions to IT/ ITES and BPO companies. Amelio Childcare will offer pre-school, day-care and post-school solutions initially to around 35 children, including infants aged between six months and one year. The Amelio childcare facility set up within MEPZ campus of CSC will have exclusive infant rooms, well-designed classrooms, CCTV systems to monitor the children, a centre-manager room, and a kitchenette.
Raghavan Jawahar, Director, Amelio Childcare, said, "The setting up of onsite childcare facility is expected to provide a lot of comfort and relief to working mothers allowing them to focus on work, and grow within the organisation."
Amelio will inculcate among these children the art of practicing ‘immersive learning’ through a theme- based approach exposing them to various age-appropriate activities in the process taking care of all aspects of a child’s early development, including physical, cognitive, social, emotional, and language.
According to Sridevi Raghavan, Co - Founder and CEO, Amelio Childcare, stand-alone childcare centers will continue to be a key focus area. However, onsite childcare facilities in partnership with large companies will be a growth driver in the future, she said. "We are currently in discussions with other leading IT and BPO companies to set up onsite childcare facilities," she added.
Amelio was founded by Ms. Sridevi, an MBA graduate from Harvard, and Mr.Raghavan, an entrepreneur. Amelio
provides customised onsite day-care solutions to companies, and is dedicated to providing high quality employer-sponsored early childhood education and day-care services.
Amelio is also looking to expand the engagement with CSC nationally to other locations of CSC in India.

Next up for markets: Scotland voteNext up for markets: Scotland vote
By: Adam Shell September 18, 2014 6:57 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Pro-union and pro-independence campaigners jostle for space during a pro-independence rally on Sept. 12, 2014, ahead of today’s referendum on Scotland’s independence. (AFP PHOTO / ANDY BUCHANANAndy Buchanan/AFP/Getty Images) ORG XMIT: 1519 ORIG FILE ID: 533335272
Just because investors didn’t get hit with bad news about coming interest rate hikes from the Federal Reserve Wednesday, doesn’t mean they can relax. The next potential market-moving event comes today when Scotland goes to the polls to vote on its independence from England and the United Kingdom.
“Damaging uncertainty surrounds the outcome of the Scottish referendum,” says Sam Stovall of S&P Capital IQ.
A “yes” vote, and an independent Scotland, “would give rise to a flurry of economic questions — over oil wealth, currencies, the state of the European Union and the possible exodus of Scotland’s premier financial institutions,” notes Eric Lascelles, chief economist at the RBC Global Asset Management.
Uncertainty over how the vote will go, and the particulars of a potential split up, could roil financial markets, adds Bill Stone, chief investment strategist at PNC. “In our view, the gross uncertainty of this scenario lies in the unknown implications of a separate Scotland,” he said in a research note.
The vote appears too close to call — which adds to the angst. Results of the referendum likely won’t be available, however, until after trading closes on Wall Street, so the major market implications, if any, will hit Friday.
Scotland’s economy is closely tied to the U.K., with nearly two-thirds of its exports to the U.K., says Stone. Independence would raise questions about Scotland’s EU membership and how assets like the North Sea Oil and Gas Reserves will be split up. How stocks will react in London is another unknown, as is the impact on the English pound.
A “no” vote, however, which would keep the United Kingdom intact, is likely to calm investors’ nerves.

Roseland Hospital sued for firing pregnant employeeRoseland Hospital sued for firing pregnant employee
Roseland Community Hospital
Heather Charles, Chicago Tribune
People walk into Roseland Community Hospital in Chicago, Tuesday, June 4, 2013.
People walk into Roseland Community Hospital in Chicago, Tuesday, June 4, 2013. (Heather Charles, Chicago Tribune)
Roseland Hospital sued for firing employee during high-risk pregnancy
South Side Chicago hospital sued for firing mental health counselor during her high-risk pregnancy
Roseland Community Hospital on Chicago's South Side is being sued for firing a female employee during her high-risk pregnancy.
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission filed suit in the Northern District of Illinois this week for failing to accommodate mental health counselor Quinniya Hearn for her pregnancy-related medical restrictions.
0
The hospital, according to the lawsuit, required Hearn to be available to restrain disorderly and combative patients and later fired her. The suit also charges that during the same period in 2012, employees who weren't pregnant were accommodated for their medical conditions.
"You can’t deny a female employee a temporary change in her duties due to her pregnancy while providing the same accommodation to a man," said John Rowe, the director of the EEOC’s Chicago District. 
Roseland prides itself in its strong nondiscrimination policy, said Chief Executive Officer Tim Egan in an email. 
“This issue arose in 2011 and the hospital acted appropriately and in full compliance with the law in Ms. Hearn’s situation, and we intend to defend and respond appropriately to the complaint in court, not in the press,”  he said.
cshropshire@tribune.com

Now book new version of Scorpio online: Mahindra ties up with SnapdealSave precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI/BANGALORE: After books, mobiles, sundry electronic items and clothes, now comes a car. E-commerce firm Snapdeal on Thursday started accepting prebookings for the new variant of Mahindra & Mahindra's (M&M) mainstay SUV Scorpio, making it the first time automobile bookings have debuted on a third-party electronic marketplace in India and marking another maturity milestone for the country's fledgling e-retail sector.
On Thursday evening, the homepage of Snapdeal, usually home to small-ticket merchandise such as shoes, perfumes and clothes, had the silhouette of M&M's new Scorpio utility vehicle against a dark backdrop along with the announcement that the website would take bookings for it. The Scorpio, M&M's most profitable vehicle that sells some 50,000 units annually, has for years been the lynchpin in M&M's utility vehicle portfolio but now faces threats from a raft of newer, competitively priced models from carmakers such as Ford, Renault and Nissan.
The new Scorpio, due to be unveiled on September 25, has been billed as M&M's attempt to cement its dominance in the category and its use of an online channel will be viewed as an endorsement of the potential of e-commerce sites to drive sales volumes. After prebooking the new Scorpio on Snapdeal by paying Rs 20,000, customers can go to a dealer to make the full payment and take delivery.
"This is a very exciting development," said Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak. "Companies like Mahindra and Tata are now experimenting with online and that is an encouraging sign."
Automakers have so far depended largely on their dealer networks to drive sales and the M&M-Snapdeal partnership is the first of its kind in the Indian automobile sector.
"It is a win-win deal for both. In the last couple of years, customer centricity is central to whatever we did and we have taken a series of initiatives around it. This is one more step in that direction," said Vijay Nakra , senior VP — sales and customer care, M&M's automotive division. M&M's two-wheeler division already has a relationship with Snapdeal.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Bhopal gas disaster victims chain themselves to Chouhan s houseUpdated: September 21, 2014 19:24 IST
Bhopal gas tragedy victims protest outside CM’s residence
P.Sunderarajan
Tweet
Special Arrangement Survivors of the Bhopal gas disaster chain their hands during a protest demanding compensation, outside the residence of Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, in Bhopal on Thursday.
Special Arrangement Survivors of the Bhopal gas disaster during a protest demanding compensation, outside the residence of Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, in Bhopal on Thursday.
TOPICS
Bhopal
A group of survivors of the 1984 Bhopal gas tragedy and people living in the areas near the abandoned Union Carbide factory held a protest outside the residence of the Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister here on Thursday demanding adequate compensation and cleaning up of the factory site.
Some of the protestors resorted to a ‘die-in’ agitation — lying prone on the road with white bed sheets covering their body from the head to the toe — while others tied themselves together with a long chain.
Five organisations, working for the welfare of the disaster survivors, organised the agitation. They demanded that the government revise the death and injury figures in the curative petition pending before the Supreme Court and to intervene in the case relating to the cleaning up of the factory site being heard in the U.S. Federal Court.
“The State government has presented the figure of 15,348 deaths in all its official records, except in the curative petition where it has mentioned a figure of only 5,295 deaths. This needs to be corrected,” the agitators said. The revision, they explained, was required to ensure that relatives of every gas victim received the compensation amount of Rs. 5 lakh.
They also pointed out that the State government had not appeared before the US Federal Court, in spite of notices, to present all the facts of the case.
The five groups plan to hold a rally in Delhi later this year to highlight the “apathy” of Central and State governments towards the victims and those residing near the abandoned factory site even 30 years after the accident.
Correction

BJP MP blames Modi govt for bypoll defeat  backtrackslaterPrint
Express News Service | Raipur | Posted: September 18, 2014 8:42 pm
Claiming that BJP lost the recent bypolls because the Narendra Modi government could not meet their expectations, a senior BJP MP on Thursday warned the government to improve its functioning.
Nand Kumar Sai, who represents Chhattisgarh in Rajya Sabha, told TV reporters in Bilaspur that the bypoll result is an attempt by the public to bring these deficiencies to our notice. Later, he denied ever making these comments.
“Mehngai theek nahi ho saka..Several things could not be done. There were so many expectations from the government…people probably think that the government has not done right things, so they have snatched (assembly) seats and tried to give a message to the government,” said Sai, who has been a Leader of Opposition in the Chhattisgarh Assembly.
Noting that public is constantly evaluating the government, he said:” Never think that you have finally done everything and are accepted by public…If public has given you (victory), public is also evaluating you… this decision (assembly result) is to bring to our notice all these things.” He, however, added that it should not be considered as the decline of “Modi magic”.
Later speaking to The Indian Express, he denied that he spoke about the assembly results. “I have never said anything like this. How can I?”
On ‘love jehad”, Sai said: “It is for Hindus to introspect why their girls are going with Muslims.”

Why dentists are speaking out about the plastic beads in your toothpasteThe tiny plastic beads found in many popular toothpaste brands are approved by regulators, but dentists are becoming increasingly alarmed that the beads could cause more dental hygiene problems than they solve.
(Crest)
Polyethylene plastic beads became all the rage in personal care products -- including toothpastes, face washes and body scrubs -- a few years ago. And the Food and Drug Administration says they're safe.
But the beads do not disintegrate and are not biodegradable, and dentists are concerned that they're getting stuck in the tiny crevices between the teeth and gums.
"They’ll trap bacteria in the gums which leads to gingivitis, and over time that infection moves from the gum into the bone that holds your teeth, and that becomes periodontal disease," dentist Justin Phillip said, according to Phoenix ABC affiliate KNXV . "Periodontal disease is scary.”
The beads are similar to the slightly larger exfoliating beads the Illinois legislature banned this year because the products can't be sifted out of the water supply and can end up in large bodies of water, where they can harm marine life.
But that same substance is in widespread use in toothpaste products, including a variety of Crest products such as Crest 3D White and Crest Pro-Health. And according to Crest, the product is really used only to provide color to toothpaste.
Months ago, Texas-based dental hygienist Trish Walraven sounded the alarm on her personal blog about the harm she has seen done to her patients -- and even her children. She urged her patients to stop using the products.
"Polyethylene plastic is in your toothpaste for decorative purposes only," Walraven wrote. "This is unacceptable not only to me, but to many, many hygienists nationwide. We are informing our patients."
In response, Crest said in a statement this week that it has begun phasing out microbeads from its products, a process that will be completed by March 2016. A spokesman for the company told the Post that he decision was made "months ago" in response to "changing consumer and dental professional preferences."
"While the ingredient in question is completely safe, approved for use in foods by the FDA, and part of an enjoyable brushing experience for millions of consumers with no issues, we understand there is a growing preference for us to remove this ingredient. So we will," the company said in a statement to KNXV . "We currently have products without microbeads for those who would prefer them. We have begun removing microbeads from the rest of our toothpastes, and the majority of our product volume will be microbead-free within six months."
The American Dental Association, which endorses some Crest products, stands behind the beads, citing a lack of clinical evidence questioning their safety.
"The American Dental Association’s (ADA) Council on Scientific Affairs, on an ongoing basis, monitors and evaluates the safety of all ADA Seal-Accepted products," the association said in a statement this week . "If the council’s evaluation determines sufficient scientific evidence exists that an ADA Seal-Accepted product poses a health risk, the council has the authority to withdraw the Seal from that product." At this time, clinically relevant dental health studies do not indicate that the Seal should be removed from toothpastes that contain polyethylene microbeads."
[This post has been updated.]
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Ladakh stand-off continues: Chinese copters drop food for PLA | Full CoverageChumar
(Official sources said helicopters…)
LEH/NEW DELHI: Tension persisted in Chumar area in Northeast Ladakh where Chinese troops were reported to have stepped up their presence in the wee hours of today camping at three places in the Indian territory and refusing to vacate.
Official sources said helicopters regularly air dropped food packets for the Chinese People's Liberation Army(PLA) personnel numbering around 600 at the three areas in Chumar, 300 km east of Leh .
The sources said both the Indian and Chinese armies were maintaining a distance of 200 metres from each other, as the continuing standoff in Demchok and Chumar cast a shadow on today's summit talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping in New Delhi.
India also rushed reinforcements to the area and were not allowing the Chinese troops to proceed further and also asking them to retreat to their side.
Sources said that neither side has asked for a fresh Flag Meeting following the incident in Chumar which has been an epicentre of heightened activities of the Chinese army who were making repeated attempts to enter through this area.
According to sources, the Chinese side pushed in more troops before the break of dawn with more banners asking the Indian Army to leave the area. Chinese helicopters were seen hovering at least thrice during the day air dropping food packets for its troops, they said.
The Chinese side had been constructing a road on their side of LAC but on Sunday, its workers entered into Indian side to carry on the construction.
This was objected by the Indian side as Chinese workers were making assertions that they have instructions to build a road upto Tible, five kilometres deep into Indian territory, the sources said.
The Indian army asked the Chinese workers to leave as otherwise they would face prosecution under Indian laws of entering into the country illegally.
However, during the intervening night of Sunday and Monday, nearly 100 Indian soldiers were reported to have been encircled by 300 Chinese PLA men after which a face-off started and continues till date.
The two sides have held two flag meetings so far which included a marathon discussion yesterday that continued for several hours and remained inconclusive.
Meanwhile, the stand-off in Demchok where Chinese nomads -- Rebos -- had pitched their tents continued. The incursion in this area is nearly 500 metres deep into Indian territory, the sources said.
Chumar, the last village in Ladakh area bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a bone of contention with China claiming it to be its own territory and has been frequenting the area with helicopter incursions almost every year.
In 2012, the PLA dropped some of its soldiers in this region and dismantled the makeshift storage tents of the Army and ITBP.
The area is not accessible from the Chinese side whereas the Indian side has a road almost to the last point on which the Army can carry loads up to nine tonnes.
Chumar had become a flash point during the fortnight long stand-off last year in Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) last year as the Chinese side had objected to overhead bunkers erected by the Indian side.
As part of an agreement reached at the flag meeting to end the stand-off from April-May 2013 at DBO, the Indian side had to dismantle some overhead bunkers in Chumar.
Again, Chumar witnessed Chinese troops walking away with an Army surveillance camera on June 17 which was meant for keeping an eye on the PLA troops patrolling there. The same camera was returned after a few days.
During winter this year, Chinese soldiers attempted to enter this area riding on horses. The area witnessed frequent incursion attempts by the Chinese troops who had also adopted 'assertive posturing'.
FEATURED ARTICLES

How immigrant entrepreneurs are making itBy Sara Ashley O'Brien   @saraashleyo September 18, 2014: 9:57 AM ET
Billy Bauer with his father, Harold Bauer, founder of Royce Leather.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
For immigrant-owned small businesses in the U.S., ties to their home countries can be very lucrative.
Firsthand knowledge of the culture as well as connections abroad make immigrant entrepreneurs well-positioned to navigate the complicated export landscape.
That's true for Royce Leather, a family-owned leather business in Secaucus, N.J.
Harold Bauer founded Royce Leather in 1974, just one year after moving to the U.S. from Austria.
Today, 65% of his business comes from exporting to 15 countries. That's up from 45% just five years ago.
Bauer, who comes from two generations of leather artisans, has been able to capitalize on family connections in Western Europe (particularly Germany and Austria) for sales leads and distribution partners.
"That's where we're from -- where we understand the customers best," said Billy Bauer, 22, Harold's son and marketing director of Royce Leather.
Billy added that his father's foreign language skills (he speaks five languages) give him an edge in tapping into markets like France and Russia.
Related: I'm a legal immigrant, but not allowed to have a job.
Experts agree that immigrant entrepreneurs have a leg up.
"Family ties, familiarity with the culture, market, and investment environment in the home country all could facilitate export" said Qingfang Wang, an associate professor of Geography and Public Policy at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte.
Wang is quick to note that not all immigrant-owned businesses are able to leverage these ties, however they do have a "much higher propensity for participating in transnational activities."
Doug Barry, an author and trade specialist with the U.S. and Foreign Commercial Service, agrees.
"Immigrant-owned companies are more likely to export and to be successful in doing so," he said. "Why? One reason is that they just do it. They are comfortable dealing with other cultures."
Related: Want to boost sales? Start exporting
This is true of Priska Diaz, a Peruvian immigrant and founder of New York-based startup BittyLab, which makes innovative baby bottles. She didn't anticipate exporting so early on -- her business is just one year old -- but she didn't shy away from it either.
Diaz, who moved to the U.S. at 17, wanted to first build and establish her business in the U.S. market. But due to "unsolicited international demand" for her Bare Air-Free Baby Bottles , she started exporting her products (sold via Amazon) ( AMZN , Tech30 ) to Canada, the U.K. and Australia.
Now, international sales make up 10% of her business, which she plans to grow. Diaz, 39, said her childhood friends (who live around the world) are proving to be a real business asset in finding international distribution partners (she's been contacted by distributors in South Africa, Turkey, and the Middle East).
"There's a level of trust that makes it easier to work with my friends," said Diaz.
Ben Guez echoes that sentiment. The French entrepreneur launched electronic cigarette company Ophis a year ago in Beverly Hills. He said his European roots help him bridge partnerships abroad.
"Our international clients feel confident to talk with two immigrant entrepreneurs," said Guez, who co-founded Ophis with Rudy Halioua, also from France.
Related: Secrets to success from Smalltown USA
Still, few U.S. small businesses are exporting their goods and services -- just about 300,000 of some six million.
But those that do export anticipate ramping it up over the coming year, according to a survey from Western Union Business Solutions. They surveyed small and medium-sized businesses who engage in international trade. Nearly half said they've grown exports over the past 12 months.
Those looking to start exporting or expand their international base can learn from immigrant entrepreneurs.
"It's natural for them to go to a foreign country to sit down with people who are not like them," said Barry. "These characteristics are not exclusive to immigrant business owners and can be learned and applied by anyone."
First Published: September 18, 2014: 9:57 AM ET
Most Popular

Grading Alison Grimes controversial gun adBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 18 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Former president Bill Clinton campaigns with Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes, the Democratic candidate for Senate in that state, last month in Hazard, Ky.  (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images)
The Kentucky senatorial race between Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes and incumbent Republican Mitch McConnell has been a tough one, and it escalated Monday when Grimes released an ad that featured her shooting skeet and charging that McConnell was not much of a Kentuckian (or much of a man, for that matter).
Because ads are a matter of art as much as they are of politics, Chris Cillizza, the editor of the Fix , and I got together, for the first installment of what will be a recurring feature, with the folks at PostTV to figure out just what Grimes is trying to say — and whether she is pulling it off. The results are here:
Kentucky Democratic Senate candidate Alison Lundergan Grimes shoots skeet in a new ad. The Fix's Chris Cillizza and Act Four's Alyssa Rosenberg weigh in on the messaging behind it. (The Washington Post)
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Scientists splice plants with bacteria to supercharge their growthBy Rachel Feltman September 18 Follow @rachelfeltman
A tobacco plant spliced with cyanobacterial genes. (Alessandro Occhialini, Rothamsted Research)
You don't need to be a farmer to know that weeds grow faster than potatoes. But scientists have been trying for a while to make slow-growing plants -- like wheat and rice -- perform more like fast crops, like corn and many weeds. The key is the way the crops photosynthesize, and some genetic splicing could trick slow plants into speeding up.
In a new study  published in Nature , scientists borrowed genes from photosynthesizing bacteria -- which are quicker and more efficient at the process than many plants -- and grafted them into tobacco crops. So far, the researchers have only pushed the tobacco plants through two steps of the bacteria's three-part photosynthesis process. From MIT Technology Review :
First, proteins form a special compartment within a plant cell that concentrates CO2; second, the compartment contains a speedy enzyme for converting that CO2; and third, the cells use special pumps in their membranes to usher CO2 into the cells.
Earlier this year, the researchers engineered cells to form the special CO2 compartments. The new research takes care of the second part—the speedy enzyme. They’re collaborating with other researchers on the third part, the pumps. Ultimately the researchers will need to put all three parts together in the same plants.
In fact, PopularMechanics reports , the genetically engineered tobacco in this experiment actually grew more slowly than natural plants, because it only produced the special enzyme -- without those compartments or pumps. To make it grow faster, the researchers need to combine all three steps.
For this reason, commercial crops grown with these alterations are probably at least a decade off. But eventually, the researchers say, these changes could boost crop yields by as much as 60 percent for some plants -- and allow farmers to use less water and fertilizer in the process.
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Dow  S&P hit record as financials climbWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Problem Solver: Property tax refund languishes0
"Their application says that the priority of their office is to assist you in obtaining your refund in a timely and efficient manner," Paulsen said. "My feeling is, if you don't hear from them for a long enough time, they're hoping you'll forget about them and you'll go on your merry way."
Paulsen said he was most upset that no one from the treasurer's office would answer his emails or letters.
"Tell me if it's going to take three months or four months or how long it's going to take," he said. "Or at least tell me the paperwork's all been accepted."
The Problem Solver called the treasurer's office and asked about Paulsen's case.
Patrick Nester, the agency's chief financial officer, said Wednesday that it generally takes six to eight weeks to process a certificate of error. In Paulsen's case, the application arrived during the treasurer's busiest time, when the office sends tax bills and receives payments, Nester said.
"It does take a little bit longer during tax season," he said.
Nester said the treasurer's office processed about 18,000 certificate of error requests in May and June.
"He's in line with about 18,000 other people from that period," Nester said. "I'd say, in another week he'll have it."
Nester then called Paulsen and told him the same information.
"It looks like it's a done deal," Paulsen said Wednesday afternoon.
He promised to notify the Problem Solver when the check arrives.
facebook.com/chitribproblem

Apple launches iPhone6  smartwatch; may hit India by Oct.New York, September 10, 2014
Updated: September 10, 2014 08:09 IST
Apple launches iPhone6, smartwatch; may hit India by Oct.
PTI
Tweet
AP Apple CEO Tim Cook, holding an IPhone 6 Plus, discusses the new Apple Watch and iPhone 6s on Tuesday. (right) A view of the Apple watch.
REUTERS Apple CEO Tim Cook wears the Apple Watch and shows the iPhone 6 Plus during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino on Tuesday.
SLIDESHOW
Putting to rest months of speculation, tech giant Apple on Tuesday unveiled two thinner and larger screened smartphones, the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6-Plus, as it looks to fend off competition from Korean handset maker Samsung.
Also, after years of rumours and speculation, Apple unveiled its first wearable device, Apple Watch.
The smartphones and the smartwatch were launched at the Flint Centre in Cupertino, California, where the iconic Macintosh was first launched 30 years ago.
The iPhone 6 will be priced at $199 (16GB), $299 (64GB) and $399 (128GB) with a two-year contract. The iPhone 6 Plus will be available for $299 (16GB), $399 (64GB) and $499 (128GB) with a two-year contract.
The new handsets will be available in the US, Canada, the UK and six other countries from September 19, while other countries will follow later. The devices can be pre-booked from September 12.
It may still take some time before the latest version of the iPhone makes it to India. Market analysts said the handsets are most likely to hit Indian shores either around Diwali in October end or in November like the previous launches in the country.
The current iPhone 5S is retailing in India at about Rs. 41,500 for the 16GB version.
Apple CEO Tim Cook said the new devices are thinner compared to the predecessor iPhone 5S and feature a continuous, seamless design.
“These are the new iPhones. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. These are the best phones we have ever done,” he added.
The iPhone 6 features a 4.7-inch display, while the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5 inch screen. Compared to a thickness of 7.6 mm of iPhone 5S, the sixth generation has a thickness of 6.9 mm (iPhone 6) and 7.1 mm (iPhone 6 Plus), respectively.
“These iPhones obviously have bigger displays, but more importantly, they’re amazing products in every single way,” Cook said.
The devices feature Apple-designed A8 chips, which have 25 per cent faster processing power and up to 50 per cent faster graphics. The handsets feature 8MP iSight camera and support Voice over LTE. The iPhone 6 also has improved face detection for selfies and group selfies.
For the fitness freaks, iPhone 6 has a barometer that senses air pressure to measure relative elevation. The iPhone can now tell if the user is going up molehills, mountains, etc.
The iconic creator of iPods and iPads also announced its foray into payments with Apple Pay.
“Apple Pay will work with the three major payment networks: American Express, MasterCard, and Visa. Apple Pay will be available in the US in October 2014. And work is underway to take it worldwide in the near future,” Cook said.
With Apple Pay, users will be able to check out with one tap, making purchasing through apps easier, more secure, and private.
Merchants like Target, Groupon are already on board, with others like Disney, Chipotle, and MLB.com coming in by the end of the year.
The Apple Watch sports a flat screen with sapphire glass and has a ‘digital crown’ with a twisting control that lets the user scroll through different functions. It runs apps, takes dictation and interacts with the iPhone.
“With the Digital Crown, you can scroll, zoom, and navigate Apple Watch without covering the display,” Apple said.
The watch has a gyroscope and an accelerometer that measures fitness. Besides, it uses the GPS and Wi-Fi in the users’ iPhone to help track the distance.
It comes with colorful wrist bands (pink, blue and white) and styles like hand-crafted gold buckle.
Apple said: “Apple Watch will start at $349 and will be available early next year. It works with iPhone 5, 5c, 5s, 6, and 6 Plus.”
The smartwatch has three variants - Apple Watch, Apple Watch Sport, and Apple Watch Edition, which is made from 18-karat gold.
The smartphone market
According to research firm IDC, Samsung is the market leader with 25.2 per cent share of the global smartphone market, followed by Apple (11.9 per cent) and Huawei (6.9 per cent) in the second quarter of 2014.
A total of 295.3 million smartphones were shipped in the April-June 2014 quarter, up 23.1 per cent from 240 million in the same period last year.

Towards an Asian century of prosperityUpdated: September 17, 2014 11:26 IST
Exclusive
Towards an Asian century of prosperity
Xi Jinping
Progress has been made in the negotiations between India and China on the boundary question and the two sides have worked together to maintain peace in the border area. Picture shows the India-China border in Arunachal Pradesh. Photo: AP
Xi Jinping, President of the People's Republic of China
TOPICS
India-China
The combination of the world’s factory and the world’s back office will produce the most competitive production base, writes Xi Jinping, President of China
My first visit to this ancient and magic land was 17 years ago, a time when the Indian economy was undergoing reform and beginning to show new vitality in growth. The market was booming in Mumbai, the economic centre. Bangalore was becoming increasingly famous as India’s Silicon Valley. And Bollywood movies and yoga were popular throughout the world. Its people were full of expectations and the ancient civilisation was rejuvenated.
Now 17 years later, I am about to once again visit India, an enchanting and beautiful land that has captured world attention. India is an emerging economy and a big developing country. It is Asia’s third largest economy and the world’s second largest exporter of software and agriculture products. A member of the United Nations, the G20, the BRICS and other organisations, India is playing an increasingly important role in the regional and international arena. The “Story of India” has spread far and wide. With the new government coming into office, a new wave of reform and development has been sweeping across India, greatly boosting the confidence of the Indian people and attracting keen international interest in its opportunities.
Progress in relations
Relations between China and India have made significant progress in the new century. The strategic and cooperative partnership for peace and prosperity has been established. China has become India’s largest trading partner, with their bilateral trade volume increasing from less than US$3 billion early this century to nearly US$70 billion. Mutual visits reached 8,20,000 last year. We have had close coordination and cooperation on climate change, food security, energy security and other global issues and upheld the common interests of our two countries as well as the developing world as a whole. Progress has been made in the negotiations on the boundary question, and the two sides have worked together to maintain peace and tranquillity in the border area. China-India relations have become one of the most dynamic and promising bilateral relations in the 21st century.
Our bilateral relations have reached where they are today as a result of the following efforts: we have deepened mutual trust by strengthening strategic dialogue and enhancing political confidence; we have brought more benefits to each other by expanding the areas of cooperation and making the pie of common interests bigger; we have forged closer friendship by encouraging more people-to-people exchanges and cementing popular support for our bilateral relations; and we have treated each other with sincerity by respecting and accommodating each other’s concerns and properly managing problems and differences.
Crucial stage of reform
Both China and India are now in a crucial stage of reform and development. The Chinese people are committed to realising the Chinese dream of great national renewal. We are deepening reform in all sectors. The goal has been set to improve and develop the socialist system with Chinese characteristics and advance the modernisation of national governance system and capability. A total of over 330 major reform measures covering 15 areas have been announced and their implementation is well underway.
Under Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s leadership, the new Indian government has identified ten priority areas including providing a clean and efficient administration and improving infrastructure. It is committed to building a united, strong and modern India — Shreshtha Bharat. The Indian people are endeavouring to achieve their development targets for the new era. China and India are both faced with historic opportunities, and our respective dreams of national renewal are very much aligned with each other. We need to connect our development strategies more closely and jointly pursue our common dream of national strength and prosperity.
As emerging markets, each with its own strengths, we need to become closer development partners who draw upon each other’s strengths and work together for common development. With rich experience in infrastructure building and manufacturing, China is ready to contribute to India’s development in these areas. India is advanced in IT and pharmaceutical industries, and Indian companies are welcome to seek business opportunities in the Chinese market. The combination of the “world’s factory” and the “world’s back office” will produce the most competitive production base and the most attractive consumer market.
As the two engines of the Asian economy, we need to become cooperation partners spearheading growth. I believe that the combination of China’s energy plus India’s wisdom will release massive potential. We need to jointly develop the BCIM Economic Corridor, discuss the initiatives of the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road, and lead the sustainable growth of the Asian economy.
As two important forces in a world that moves towards multipolarity, we need to become global partners having strategic coordination. According to Prime Minister Modi, China and India are “two bodies, one spirit.” I appreciate this comment. Despite their distinctive features, the “Chinese Dragon” and the “Indian Elephant” both cherish peace, equity and justice. We need to work together to carry forward the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence (the Panchsheel), make the international order more fair and reasonable, and improve the mechanism and rules of international governance, so as to make them better respond to the trend of the times and meet the common needs of the international community.
As Deng Xiaoping puts it, no genuine Asian century would come without the development of China, India and other developing countries. We are ready to shoulder this mission of our times and work actively to enhance friendship between China and India. I look forward to an in-depth exchange of views with Indian leaders on our bilateral relations during the visit, and to injecting new vitality to our strategic and cooperative partnership for peace and prosperity.
I am confident that as long as China and India work together, the Asian century of prosperity and renewal will surely arrive at an early date.
(Xi Jinping, the President of the People’s Republic of China, is on a three-day visit to India starting today.)

Strong holiday hiring expected this yearStrong holiday hiring expected this year
Holiday hiring
Target has been using mobile technology to recruit seasonal help.
Target has been using mobile technology to recruit seasonal help. (Justine Griffin / McClatchy-Tribune)
Prosepects for holiday job looking good. Holiday hiring this year could reach pre-recession levels
UPS plans to double its workforce in the last three months of 2014 to 95,000 workers
Holiday hiring this year could reach pre-recession levels, according to a report released Wednesday.
Demand for seasonal workers could reach levels not seen since before the recession, thanks to increased consumer spending and job growth across industries, according to the report  by Challenger, Gray & Christmas, a global consultancy.
The report said seasonal hiring in the retail sector should “significantly outpace” 2013, possibly reaching 800,000 this year.
Kohl's hiring 67K seasonal workers
Kohl's hiring 67K seasonal workers
Kohl's hiring 67K seasonal workers
See more videos
UPS is expected to lead the charge with plans to double its workforce to 95,000 workers in the last three months of 2014.  Although UPS employees aren’t technically considered workers in the retail sector, the company’s hiring plans suggest a strong demand for the upcoming holiday season, and retailers are expected to follow, the report said.  
8
Holiday hiring has steadily ticked up since 2008, when the sputtering economy led to a 55 percent decline in seasonal retail payrolls.  That year was the worst on record, as only 324,900 holiday workers were hired.  Last year 786,200 workers were added to the retail payrolls during the holiday season.
“The last two years saw holiday hiring return to pre-recession levels.  This year, we could see hiring return to levels not seen since the height of the dot-com boom,” said John Challenger, chief executive officer of Challenger, Gray & Christmas.
Challenger expects holiday spending to benefit from the increase in payrolls, which is averaging 215,000 new workers per month so far this year. “That translates into more people with jobs, which means more holiday spending money,” he said.
But he cautioned that while the indicators look good, holiday hiring is not guaranteed.
“As more people do their holiday shopping over the Internet, the need for extra workers on the sales floors at the malls and in department stores may decline,” Challenger said.
But the shift to online shopping doesn’t necessarily mean fewer jobs, because many seasonal employees work in other parts of the holiday shopping economy: in shipping and warehousing, or in restaurants and movie theaters, which also see business pick up during the last three months of the year.
cComments
@jhanzel Good point--but I also think some companies hire more people but give them less hours so that they can give an impression to Wall Street that they are hiring more. I'd really like to know how many work hour for holiday help that they have planned for this year compared to last...
AChicagoan

Pranab: Indias oil exploration activities only commercialenergy and resource
‘India’s oil explorations in South China Sea are only commercial actions’
President Pranab Mukherjee has said that the pact India’s ONGC Videsh Limited signed during his four-day state visit to Vietnam was for blocks located well within the territorial waters of the country. The clarification comes a day after China raised concerns about any agreement for oil explorations in what it called waters administered by it.
Speaking to journalists on the flight back from Vietnam, the President said: “India’s oil exploration activities in the South China Sea since 1988 are only commercial actions, and no political angularity should be drawn into it … India’s foreign policy never looks at any country through the prism of any third country.”
He also clarified that there was no relation between his visit to Vietnam and the Chinese President’s trip to India as his visit had been planned much in advance. President Xi Jinping arrived in New Delhi on Wednesday.
Asked for his reaction to the agreement signed during President Mukherjee’s visit to Vietnam, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said China had noted the development. While it had no objection to any “legitimate and lawful” agreement between Vietnam and a third country, if such a pact concerned waters administered by it or if such cooperation project was not approved by the Chinese government, “we will be concerned about such an agreement and we will not support it.”
A joint communiqué signed during the visit also declared a united Indo-Vietnam stand for free navigation in the disputed waters of South China Sea and adjoining maritime areas.
In his departure statement, Mr. Mukherjee said the Southeast Asian nation had progressed and was making strides in all fields, including economy, “based on the strength of their character and determination.”
The delegation accompanying the President included Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan and Members of Parliament besides senior officials from the Foreign Ministry.

Apple receives record 4 million iPhone orders on first dayNew York, September 16, 2014
Updated: September 16, 2014 07:46 IST
Apple receives record 4 million iPhone orders on first day
PTI
PDAs and smartphones
The handsets are most likely to hit Indian shores either around Diwali in October end or in November
Apple had more than 4 million advance orders of its new iPhones in the first 24 hours, exceeding its initial supply, the company said on Monday.
The company said the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will be delivered to customers starting Friday (September 19), but many won’t be delivered until October.
Phones will still be available on Friday on a walk-in basis at Apple retail stores and from various wireless carriers and authorised Apple resellers.
Apple’s website had intermittent outages last week because of heavy traffic as orders began online. The company said the 4 million orders set a new 24-hour record.
Last year, Apple sold 9 million phones in the first three days they were on sale.
The iPhone 6 features a 4.7-inch display, while the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5 inch screen. Compared to a thickness of 7.6 mm of iPhone 5S, the sixth generation has a thickness of 6.9 mm (iPhone 6) and 7.1 mm (iPhone 6 Plus), respectively. The devices also feature Apple-designed A8 chips, which have 25 per cent faster processing power and up to 50 per cent faster graphics. The handsets feature 8MP iSight camera and support Voice over LTE. The iPhone 6 also has improved face detection for selfies and group selfies.
The phones will initially be available in the US, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore and the UK Availability will expand to more than 20 additional countries a week later.
It may still take some time before the latest version of the iPhone makes it to India. The handsets are most likely to hit Indian shores either around Diwali in October end or in November like the previous launches in the country.

Chinese First Lady charms Delhi students with her singing skillsChinese First Lady charms Delhi students with her singing skills
Agencies  New Delhi, September 18, 2014
First Published: 19:00 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:22 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
China's First Lady Peng Liyuan had a message for the students she interacted with at a south Delhi school on Thursday.
China First Lady Peng Liyuan (centre) greets a child from Tagore School in New Delhi on September 18, 2014. (HT Photo)
Peng, who is married to Chinese President Xi Jinping for over 25 years, is in India with her husband on an official trip.
"Keep working hard so you can contribute to your country," Peng told the students of Tagore International School.
During her 45-minute visit, 51-year-old Peng, who is also a renowned singer, shared some personal glimpses of her life with the students, leaving a lasting impression on the young minds.
"I started learning calligraphy when I was young and as little as five-years-old. I was instructed by my father," she said while applauding the students’ yoga act.
The First Lady floored everyone by singing along with the students who sang a popular Chinese folk song.
"While we were singing, she joined us and started humming," said Pihu Bharadwaj, a student.
"She said that she knew the song and it was very popular back in China," said principal Meenakshi Sen.
Tagore International School and its partner school Jinyuan Senior High School in Shanghai jointly performed Tai-chi, a traditional Chinese martial art, and yoga through video-link during Peng’s visit.
"We have been practising with the Chinese students over the last two weeks for this visit," said 13-year-old Fabian Makhdoomi, a Class 8 student.
Peng also gave the school gifts that included some Chinese story books. The school presented Peng her portrait made by Class 9 student Aradhika Chakraborty.
"She is so pretty," said the 16-year-old Chakraborty about Peng, who is known to be a style icon in China.
The other students too gushed over the visiting First Lady including 11-year-old Prabhjot Singh. Singh has not stopped smiling after getting a peck on the cheek from her.
"Ma’am, I gave three interviews because of the peck," a blushing Singh told his principal.
"So do not wash your cheek," Sen said in a lighter vein.
"The interaction which she (Peng) had with us has left a very good impression on us. Both nations should work together and have cordial relations," said 17-year-old Prateek Arora, a Class 12 student.
Peng is actively involved in politics and is a member of the 11th National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.
Peng, who has been listed as this year's as the 57th most powerful woman in the world by Forbes also had words of appreciation for Indian women.
"She (Peng) told me that she had a lot of respect for Indian women. They are beautiful, hard-working and can keep the family together," said principal Sen.
Peng left a handwritten message for the students with her stamp on it.
"It is my genuine wish that our dear students who are here today should keep learning and working hard so you can contribute to your country. It is important to lay a solid foundation in terms of knowledge base since one is young," she said.
(With PTI inputs)

Modi talks tough with Chinas presidentXi on border rowModi talks tough with China’s president Xi on border row
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 18, 2014
First Published: 18:01 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:19 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi pushed China’s president for an early resolution to their festering border dispute on Thursday, robust comments that overshadowed a Chinese pledge of $20 billion in investments and support for India’s greater role in the United Nations Security Council.
Modi’s comments, made in the presence of Xi Jinping, came as Indian and Chinese troops faced off in Ladakh, the latest in a string of border incursions that have remained a perpetual irritant in relations that have otherwise improved over increased trade and business.
“I raised our serious concern over repeated incidents along the border,” a stern-looking Modi told journalists with Xi sitting to his right.
“We agreed that peace and tranquillity in the border region constitute an essential foundation for mutual trust and confidence and for realizing the full potential of our relationship.”
Xi receives ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan
Although Modi rode to power on a promise to build a more assertive India, his comments are seen as surprisingly tough, especially after the warm start to Xi’s visit that was expected to be more about boosting economic ties.
Read: Indian-Chinese companies sign 24 MoUs worth $3.4 billion
The two sides have held 17 rounds of border talks since the early 1990s without making significant progress. Modi has not assigned a special envoy to restart the talks since he took office in May.
"We have to address the boundary question very soon," the prime minister said, urging "clarification" of the Line of Actual Control – the front line where fighting ended in the 1962 war.
“Similarly, we discussed India's concerns relating to China's visa policy and trans-border rivers.”
But Xi sought to play down the tensions and agreed with Modi that they should work to settle the border question at an early date, reiterating language China has used in the past.
Read: After Modi-Xi meeting, China agrees to settle border dispute soon, demarcate LAC
"Sometimes there might be certain incidents, but the two sides are fully capable of acting promptly to effectively manage the situation," he said, describing the border dispute as “leftover from the colonial rule”.
The two sides agreed on investments aimed at significantly upgrading their commercial ties, with China pledging $20 billion over the next five years for industrial parks and infrastructure including railway technology.
They agreed to begin talks on cooperating in the nuclear power industry and Xi said China would support India’s becoming a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation – a regional security body whose largest members are China and Russia.
At a separate event, Xi said China would support India's aspiration to play a greater role at the United Nations, including on the Security Council. He did not give detail.
Tight security near the venue of the talks in central Delhi threw traffic into disarray. Dozens of Tibetan protesters, mostly women, managed to stage a noisy protest outside the venue after the two leaders began their meeting.
The protesters shouted "China: Hands off Tibet!" as police pushed and shoved them into buses.
(With input from agencies)

Sears negotiates  Tie Bar opens  Benetton shuts Chicago store0
Like the airline booking service Priceline, the service invites customers to name their price. An algorithm works behind the scenes to determine whether to accept it, based on thresholds established by the retailer, or come back with a counteroffer. Searsoutlet.com generally negotiates a 1 to 10 percent discount — which, for a $2,000 refrigerator, can mean savings as small as $20, but that's often not the point.
"If people get any percent, they seem to be very happy," Franzen said. "People have control over their destiny."
The retailer is always testing elements of the service, so some shoppers in a control group may not get the offer to negotiate.
Netotiate, which takes a 3 to 7.5 percent cut of sales made through its service, has generated $80 million in sales for its clients, Javits said. The average discount negotiated is 5 percent, though some retailers bargain with other offers, like free shipping, he said.
The Tie Bar to open Lincoln Park pop-up: With a new CEO and new Chicago headquarters, online men's accessories retailer The Tie Bar is dipping into the world of bricks and mortar.
The Tie Bar, which sells on-trend neckties, cuff links, pocket squares and other accessories starting at $15, plans to open a two-month pop-up shop Oct. 17 at 918 W. Armitage Ave. in the Lincoln Park neighborhood.
"Opening a physical retail space in Chicago is a natural evolution for the brand," said CEO Michael Alter, who took the helm of the decade-old company in April. "Our pop-up gives customers the chance to touch and feel our products."
The 3,200-square-foot space, the first physical location for the brand, will have exposed brick, throw rugs and local art to "showcase a modern, masculine design with a slight rustic twist," the company said in a news release.
"Ultimately, we wanted to create an environment that guys would want to hang out in," said Allyson Wicha Lewis, vice president of merchandising.
The Tie Bar is moving its headquarters from Naperville to Chicago, where it has leased 6,897 square feet at 224 N. Desplaines St. in the West Loop, an increasingly popular spot for tech offices. The company has been growing fast, Alter has said, with revenues of $16 million in 2013, up from $10 million in 2010.
Benetton closes Chicago store: The United Colors of Benetton has closed its Magnificent Mile store, the last Chicago-area outpost of the Italian clothing brand.
Benetton, which had been in The Shops at North Bridge since the mall opened in 2000, closed in mid-August, said Erica Strama, senior marketing manager of the mall.
Benetton representatives did not respond to requests for comment. Store associates in neighboring shops said they were surprised by the abrupt closing.
Strama declined to provide details about what led to the closing but said the "leasing team is working to find the perfect complement for the space. Retail is about what is new and fresh and we look forward to the opportunity to bring a compelling new concept to this space."
Benetton, popular in the 1980s for its brightly colored knits and edgy multicultural advertising campaigns, has closed many stores as competition from fast-fashion brands like Zara increased. Its Oak Park shop closed in 2010 and a Lincoln Park shop closed in 2012.
Strama didn't know if the prime mall spot would be filled before the holiday shopping season, but she said The Shops at North Bridge is looking forward to other changes. This fall it will welcome Neiman Marcus Studio, Mac, True Religion, Shake Shack and the Chinese restaurant Lao Sze Chuan.

Fortune: 50 most powerful women in businessFortune's 50 most powerful women in business
By: Kevin McCoy September 18, 2014 11:10 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
IBM CEO Ginni Rometty shown at a 2006 announcement of new solution portfolios and software. (Dima Gavrysh, AP)
Corrections & clarifications: A previous version of this post misspelled the first name of IBM CEO Ginni Rometty.
When Fortune magazine launched its annual list of the 50 most powerful women in business in 1998, most of the members came from fields that prize creativity, such as advertising, media, and publishing — with no heading blue chip firms.
No longer.
The 2014 list issued Thursday includes a record 24 women CEOs, or nearly half the total.
And the highlighted businesswomen command executive suites in tech, finance, agribusiness, aerospace and other sectors.
“Creativity is still a requirement for success, of course, but you no longer have to work in a ‘creative’ industry to advance as a woman,” writes Fortune’s Jennifer Reingold.
IBM CEO Ginni Rometty grabbed the top spot for the third year in a row, despite a second consecutive decline in revenue for the Armonk, N.Y.-based tech and consulting giant she leads. But IBM is also moving forward with strategic partnerships, including  deal to provide IBM’s services on Apple’s iOS platform.
Rounding out the rest of the top 10 are: Mary Barra, CEO of General Motors; Indra Nooyi, Ceo of Pepsico; Marillyn Hewson, CEO of Lockheed Martin; Ellen Kullman, CEO of DuPont; Meg Whitman, CEO of Hewlett-Packard; Irene Rosenfeld, CEO of Mondelez International; Pat Woertz, CEO of Archer Daniels Midland; Abigail Johnson, President of FMR (Fidelity Investments) and Sheryl Sandberg COO of Facebook.
Fortune editors compile the list based on four criteria:
The size and importance of the woman’s business in the global economy
The health and direction of the business
The arc of the woman’s career
Social and cultural influence.
In other highlight features of the 2014 list, Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer is the youngest member of the 2014 group, at age 39. Sandberg is the highest paid, earning $38 million last year. And seven were named to their jobs in the last year.

Sushma Swaraj to inaugurate Nalanda UniversitytomorrowSwaraj and other dignitaries will plant trees at the site after which the inaugural function would be held.
Press Trust of India | Patna | Posted: September 18, 2014 9:03 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 9:06 pm
The ancient Nalanda University, which had attracted students from the world over, will be formally inaugurated tomorrow in its modern ‘avatar’ by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi will also be present at the inaugural function to be held at Rajgir, around 100 km southeast of Patna.
Classes have already begun at the under-construction residential international university, located around 12 km away from the ruins of the ancient university, on September 1 by way of a soft launch and without any ceremony.
According to the programme schedule, Swaraj and other dignitaries will plant trees at the site after which the inaugural function would be held.
The Union government has sanctioned Rs 2,700 crore for the university, the idea of which was proposed by former President APJ Abdul Kalam while addressing a joint session of Bihar Assembly and Legislative Council in 2006.
The university will have seven schools for postgraduate and doctorate students by its scheduled completion in 2020. Only two of them, the School of Ecology andEnvironmental Studies, and the School of Historical studies – are currently functioning with 15 students and 11 teachers.
Vice-chancellor Gopa Sabharwal said, “The present 15were selected from over a thousand students from various countries, who had applied for the seven schools. While one of the students is from Japan, another is from Bhutan. More students will be joining in the coming days and months.”
The ancient university began during the Gupta period in 6th century AD and came to an end after being destroyed in 1193 AD by the invading army of Turkish ruler Qutbuddin Aibak led by his general Bakhtiyar Khilji. After Kalam mooted NU, the Singapore government proposed revival of the ancient University having international character, but suitable to the modern times.
Former Chief Minister Nitish Kumar also showed a keen interest in it and the work on the concept began soon after. The NU came into existence by a special Act passed by the Parliament – The Nalanda University Act.
Several countries are pitching in with funds for the university with China contributing 1 million dollars, besides Singapore (5 million dollars), Thailand (1,00,000 dollars) and Australia (1 million Australian dollars).

Tim Cook didn t address Apple s real privacy problemTim Cook didn't address Apple's real privacy problem
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 18, 2014: 4:45 PM ET
CEO Tim Cook says Apple has addressed customers' privacy concerns. But Apple's security record says otherwise.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Tim Cook is deflecting the conversation with his new statement about privacy .
Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) was all over the news earlier this month following the theft of celebrities' nude photos from their iCloud accounts. Though iCloud itself wasn't hacked, Apple's two-factor authentication -- a second, temporary password via text message that could have prevented the attack -- couldn't be used with iCloud until after the scandal.
This was just the latest in Apple's lousy record on security. Apple waits too long to fix bugs and fails to update its customers when a major vulnerability needs to be addressed.
That's a major issue as Apple gears up to launch Apple Pay, its mobile payments system that is set to debut next month. The point is not lost on its rivals: PayPal called out Apple in a full-page New York Times ad this week, saying "We the people want our money safer than our selfies."
Now Apple is saying it will be more transparent about the information it collects and shares; it won't sell information to advertisers based on the content of your emails and texts; and it has encrypted iPhones so the government can't get its hands on data stored on your phone.
Related: Apple says iOS 8 will shield your data from police
Those are noble actions. But Apple failed to address the real problem.
The reason customers are losing faith in Apple's ability to keep their information private is because Apple has a miserable security record. That needs to be addressed. Until it does that, Apple can't truly claim that it is protecting customers' data.
 
Dark Web: Nudes traded like baseball cards
For example, Apple was plagued with a serious security flaw that allowed hackers to read private communications sent over Apple devices, including emails, instant messages, social media posts and even online bank transactions. But Apple waited four days to fix the "goto fail" bug on Macs after it had already patched iPhones and iPads . An app developer Roland Moriz also claims to have notified Apple about a curiously similar bug four months before Apple fixed it.
Apple waited far too long to fix the Flashback bug that hit Apple in early 2012 -- the largest targeted attack on Macs ever. Flashback exploited a hole in Java, and Oracle ( ORCL , Tech30 ) quickly fixed the bug. But Apple uses its own version of Java and didn't get around to patching its software until two months after Oracle fixed it.
And it took more than three years for Apple to fix the so-called FinFisher Trojan that allowed law enforcement to spy on iPhone users.
Apple declined to comment for this story.
Related: FBI launches a face recognition system
Transparency is a must, and Apple is taking a big step by publishing an easy-to-understand privacy website.
Encryption is a good step -- albeit a limited one (if you back your stuff up on iCloud or on your computer, it's no longer out of the government's reach).
It's good that Apple doesn't sell as much of its customers' personal information to advertisers as Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ) and Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) do. Though that's largely because Apple's iAd advertising business is extremely small -- not by choice, but because it failed to take off.
But few customers -- if any -- were saying they don't trust Apple because their iPhones weren't encrypted. Or that Apple wasn't clear about what information it provided to third parties. Or that Apple was selling their personal data to advertisers.
Apple's problem remains its lack of transparency and quick action on security holes. Tim Cook should fix that now.
First Published: September 18, 2014: 12:41 PM ET
Most Popular

Which New iPhone Is Right for YouAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

California attorney faces suspension after photoshopping herself into celebrity photosBy Abby Ohlheiser September 18 Follow @abbyohlheiser
(Californiacivillawyer.com)
A California attorney is facing a six-month suspension after the State Bar accused her of manipulating several images on her business Web site to suggest she had a lot of famous friends, including the Clintons, Donald Trump and Alec Baldwin.
Although the State Bar Court’s decision is awaiting approval from the California Supreme Court, the recommendation from State Bar Court Judge Donald Miles condemns attorney Svitlana Sangary’s “demonstrated lack of insight and her contemptuous conduct during these proceedings.”
In addition to concluding that she violated the Bar’s rules on deceptive advertising, Miles also notes that Sangary generally refused to cooperate with the investigation, according to the Recorder .
Miles also criticized the attorney’s “failure to remove the deceptive images from her website, even after the State Bar brought this issue to her attention.” The “publicity” page in question no longer appears as a link on the homepage of Sangary’s business website , but it remains available through a direct link  to the page.
Sangary has not publicly commented on the State Bar Court’s ruling.
Anyway, here are more of the images in question. A State Bar investigation concluded that some or all of the “publicity” images were manipulated:
Because these images appeared as “part of an advertisement and solicitation for future work,” the State Bar Court’s decision notes, they constituted “false and deceptive” advertising.
According to Miles’s decision, Sangary eventually responded to the court’s disciplinary proceedings with what Miles referred to as “a 16-page soliloquy with little or no rational connection to the charges at hand” to serve as her response.
Here is an excerpt from that response, which you should absolutely read in full and not skim:
Also with regard to false statements and misleading advertisement, none other than Natalie Portman comes to mind. The online media extensively covers the controversy surrounding Natalie Portman’s performance in the film Black Swan. The ballet dancer who performed in the Black Swan, Sarah Lane, has come forward to revel [sic] a “cover up” and says that Natalie Portman’s head was superimposed onto Sarah Lane’s body, and that Natalie Portman lied…Despite the foregoing, Natalie Portman has won an Oscar for her performance in Black Swan.
Speaking in the third person, her response concluded:
SANGARY’s American dream has come true, as she has been able to achieve a point wherein now, in her thirties, SANGARY is a prominent donor and philanthropist, supporting important social causes, who had recently received the email from President Obama, with the subject line ‘I need your help today’, asking SVITLANA SANGARY for an additional donation….God Bless America!
That e-mail from Obama — which was like this Democratic National Committee newsletter , and used similar language — was attached as an exhibit to the response. There were 148 pages of exhibits in all, few of which pertained to the actual investigation.
Miles also described Sangary’s conduct in court. (Reminder: Sangary is an attorney.)
Throughout the balance of the trial, Respondent refused to participate, other than stating that she wanted a continuance and was not prepared to try the case. When called as a witness by the State Bar, she took the same position and declined even to take the witness’s oath until ordered to do so by this court. She then refused to answer any questions, claiming a First Amendment right to remain silent. This refusal continued despite this court’s instruction to her that, subject to her Fifth Amendment right to refuse to answer specific questions that were potentially incriminating, she had an obligation to cooperate with the disciplinary proceeding…
The decision also criticizes Sangary’s apparent delay in releasing a client’s file to another attorney, after the client terminated her employment and hired someone else.
Despite the State Bar’s frustration with Sangary’s alleged conduct, she’s winning some pretty important Internet praise for the quality of her photoshops.
these are great! MT @theglipper : @vanessablum : Calif Bar Suspends Lawyer for Photoshopping Herself Into Celeb Shots pic.twitter.com/VqNbu3GJj8

Rare respiratory illness now in 18 states as cases are confirmed in Minnesota  New JerseyBy Mark Berman September 18 Follow @markberman
The  rare respiratory illness  affecting children across the country has now spread to at least 19 states, with confirmed cases in California, Minnesota and New Jersey, public health officials confirmed Thursday.
This rare virus strain, known as enterovirus 68, can cause severe breathing problems. There have now been 153 confirmed cases across the country, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. But it is believed that many more people have the virus and that it will appear in additional states in the near future.
Minnesota and New Jersey are just the latest places with this virus, joining a list of states that has lengthened as testing confirms cases. The other states are Alabama, Colorado, Connecticut, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, New York and Virginia.
Public health officials say  other states are expected to join this list , as cases could likely be confirmed in other places where there have been clusters of children suffering from respiratory illnesses.
There are suspected cases in Georgia and Michigan, while health officials in Ohio and Utah have told The Post they suspect that they have cases of the virus.
Enteroviruses are very common, causing between 10 million and 15 million infections each year. Most enterovirus infections in the United States occur in the summer and fall, so these are coming at a typical time , Anne Schuchat, director of the CDC’s National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, told reporters last week.
But this particular strain has not appeared very often since it was first isolated in California in 1962. The CDC expects that the number of infections will drop later in the year.
Here’s more information on the virus itself and how it is treated . And here is some background on why we are only gradually learning how many states have this virus.
This post has been updated to note the confirmed cases in California. First published: 1:04 p.m. Last updated: 4:28 p.m.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Maharashtra: Ajit hints at NCP staking claim for CM post9
0
Mumbai: Indicating that NCP might stake a claim for the post of chief minister if it emerged as the single-largest party in Assembly elections, party leader Ajit Pawar on Thursday said that it will not repeat the "mistakes" it had committed after 2004 elections.
The NCP in polls that year had forsaken its claim for the top post in favour of Congress. The deputy chief minister also justified the demand for contesting 144 seats in October 15 elections to 288-member House, even though the consensus on sharing of seats continue to elude the ruling alliance partners.
"Congress has rejected our demand for equal seats. We are hopeful that intervention of Sharad Pawar and Sonia Gandhi will help to resolve the deadlock," he said.
"Congress has rejected our demand for equal seats. We are hopeful that intervention of Sharad Pawar and Sonia Gandhi will help to resolve the deadlock," Ajit Pawar said.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #congress #ncp
Responding to a query, the NCP stalwart said: "Past mistakes will not be repeated if NCP emerges as the single-largest party, as it did in 2004 assembly polls."
In 2004, NCP had emerged as the single-largest party with 71 seats but ceded the chief ministerial post to ally Congress in return for two additional Cabinet and three ministers of state.
"NCP wants an alliance with Congress but if some people want to go alone we are also ready," he said. To a question on whether he would be the chief ministerial candidate, Ajit told reporters that elected MLAs of the party will decide on their leader.
Ajit said the NCP's demand for 144 seats was justified. "It is a practical demand. Earlier, formulae were worked out on the basis of previous election results. So according to the latest Lok Sabha poll result we deserve equal sharing. There is no headway in Congress-NCP talks so far, he said.
Meanwhile, state unit Congress president Manikrao Thakre dismissed the statement of his NCP counterpart Sunil Tatkare that NCP was still awaiting a proposal from Congress on seat-sharing talks.
"Staying adamant on a particular number of seats and blaming us for not inviting them for talks is not correct," Thakre said.
"At the state level, NCP told us that if we accept their equal seat-sharing formula, then only we should invite them for talks. We told them that they should call us for discussions if they agree for the 2009 formula," Thakre said. The senior Congress leader further said that the party president Sonia Gandhi will be briefed regarding the situation "after which a discussion will take place with NCP."
Congress and NCP had contested 170 and 113 seats in 2009 Assembly polls, and won 82 and 62 seats, respectively. To a query, Ajit said if NCP gets to form the government again it will scrap toll levy and decision making would be
expedited.
Referring to Congress MLA Prashant Thakur quitting the party to join BJP over the issue of Kharghar toll plaza, Ajit lamented that a young political activist like Prashant quit over this issue. "40 per cent of the state population pass through the Khargar toll to come to Mumbai. I was in favour of the scrapping of the toll but Cidco and MMRDA would need to pay Rs 1200 cr to the government.. It was not a big deal but chief minister did not agree," he said.
However, Thakre rejected this, saying, "the chief minister was positive to his (Thakur's) demand for scrapping Kharghar toll." Meanwhile, NCP spokesman Nawab Malik said that so far no official discussion on seat-sharing talks has happened since the first meeting between Sharad Pawar and AK Antony on August 20.
"Praful Patel has held informal discussions with some Congress leaders but nothing concrete has emerged. We are hopeful that the outcome will be positive. We will come to know about the Congress stand after they call us for talks," he said.
0

Venkaiah Naidu wants Delhiites to give 2 hours to cleaningSep 18, 2014 at 10:29pm IST
Venkaiah Naidu wants Delhiites to give 2 hours to cleaning
3
0
New Delhi: Union Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu on Thursday asked the information and broadcasting ministry and Delhi government to launch a cost-effective mass awareness campaign motivating people to give two hours to cleanliness activities in a week.
Ahead of the launch of Swachh Bharat Abhiyan on October 2 - Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary - the Delhi government will start a week-long awareness programme September 25.
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan aims to provide toilets to every household in the country by 2019.
Ahead of the launch of Swachh Bharat Abhiyan on October 2 - Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary - the Delhi governme
#venkaiah naidu #swachch bharat abhiyan #delhi
Naidu discussed various aspects of the mission to be undertaken in Delhi with 30 stakeholder organisations and agencies at an hour-long meeting here, said a ministry official.
Naidu will also write to all the chief ministers on the preparatory measures to be taken up for the launch of the mission.
He said this campaign needs to be promoted as a people's movement given the importance of cleanliness and sanitation for better quality living and working environment.
The minister said an intensive campaign would be taken up October 2-23 this year to sensitise and motivate people with the objective of sustaining the same till October, 2019.
Naidu said he would write to all political parties to ensure that posters, pamphlets are not posted on public properties.
The minister will also write to all the union ministers to streamline maintenance of work places through proper space management so that public areas are properly maintained by Central Public Works Department.
1

Xi s India visit: Will it reduce trust deficit between India and ChinaAnand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

The government s priority was to rescue stranded people: Omar AbdullahAnand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Yum Brands  cultural snafu forces logo changeYum Brands' cultural snafu forces logo change
By Melvin Backman   @CNNMoney September 18, 2014: 6:22 PM ET
Yum Brands' Banh Shop red star logo has sparked controversy among the Vietnamese community.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
A perceived lack of cultural awareness has forced Yum brands to change the red star logo on its just-opened Vietnamese Banh Shop in Dallas.
Thanh Cung, President of the Vietnamese-American Community of Greater Dallas started an online petition Wednesday that called on the restaurant to make the change.
"While we are very pleased with the name of the restaurant, we are hurt and offended by your chosen logo, a red star, which is a symbol of communism and will offend thousands of South Vietnamese refugees in my community," Cung wrote. "The heavy majority of Vietnamese living in the Dallas area are political and religious refugees who fled Vietnam when North Vietnamese communist rule started in 1975."
The restaurant, which serves banh mi sandwiches and other Vietnamese food, uses lots of Saigon-focused imagery and language in its branding. It opened Sept. 12, and the CultureMap Dallas blog began reporting on the controversy four days later .
"Effective immediately, we are changing the logo," wrote a Yum spokesperson in an email Thursday.
Jonathan Blum, who heads public affairs and nutrition for Yum! Brands ( YUM ), reached out to and apologized to Cung earlier today.
The old logo will come off the store and website by the end of the day and a new logo will be up soon, he said. The old logo was designed externally, and he said the same shop would likely handle the redesign -- with Cung's input.
"In hindsight, we should have known this could have been seen as offensive," Blum said.
Related: Taco Bell owner opens Asian fast food joint
Cung, who has lived in Dallas for 30 years, says he first heard about the logo as members of the community reached out after driving past it.
"They called me and they were very frustrated and angry," he said. Then he checked it out himself.
"When I saw it, I had the same feeling," he said.
He was pleased with Yum's quick response to his petition, and he said he looks forward to working on the restaurant's new logo.
"We're very, very appreciative and grateful," he said.
The Dallas area has the fourth-largest largest concentration of Vietnamese-Americans in the country behind Los Angeles, San Jose, California and Houston, Texas. The 2010 census put their numbers at nearly 72,000, or 5% of the country's total.
The concept behind Banh Shop was developed to compete with "fast-casual" restaurants like Chipotle ( CMG ) and Panera ( PNRA ) by the same team behind Super Chix, an Arlington, Texas restaurant focusing on fried chicken and U.S. Taco Co., an upscale taco restaurant in Huntington Beach, California.
"With Southeast Asian cuisine growing in popularity in the U.S., we saw an opportunity to design a unique fast casual concept that emulates delicious Saigon street food, with a focus on the Vietnamese banh mi sandwich," said Yum's emerging brands head Christophe Poirier in a statement announcing the restaurant's launch.
Poirier worked with Dallas restaurant consultant Mark Brezinski to develop the Bahn Shop concept.
In a July conference call, Yum CEO David Novak said the fast-casual restaurants like Banh Shop were mainly a learning experience that might be a launching pad for further expansion. There's a second Banh Shop location in the works at the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport.
First Published: September 18, 2014: 1:57 PM ET
Most Popular

Watch Live: Hagel Testifies at House ISIS Hearingwatch live: hagel testifies at house isis hearing
Nate Silver Versus Princeton Professor: Who Has the Right ModelsNate Silver is skeptical of other people's predictions
Photo by Astrid Stawiarz/Getty Images for the 2014 Tribeca Film Festival
This article originally appeared in Business Insider.
FiveThirtyEight's Nate Silver on Wednesday openly denounced  a rival forecaster's model, writing a lengthy piece  describing Princeton University professor Sam Wang's forecast as "wrong."
Advertisement
Wang and Silver's forecasts have diverged significantly on their odds for party control of the Senate in November.  Wang's model, which relies solely on available polls of races, gives Democrats an 80 percent chance of retaining control of the Senate. It has been much more bullish for Democrats than other forecasters, including Silver. Silver's forecast, though, has shifted noticeably in Democrats' favor over the past few days, and his model now gives Democrats a near-even chance of keeping the Senate.
In his post, Silver called out Wang's model for relying too heavily on polls he says have overestimated Democratic candidates' chances of winning:
I don’t like to call out other forecasters by name unless I have something positive to say about them—and we think most of the  other models  out there are pretty great. But one is in so much perceived disagreement with FiveThirtyEight’s that it requires some attention. That’s the  model  put together by Sam Wang, an associate professor of molecular biology at Princeton.
That model is wrong—not necessarily because it shows Democrats ahead (ours barely shows any Republican advantage), but because it substantially underestimates the uncertainty associated with polling averages and thereby overestimates the win probabilities for candidates with small leads in the polls. This is because instead of estimating the uncertainty empirically—that is, by looking at how accurate polls or polling averages have been in the past—Wang makes several assumptions about how polls behave that don’t check out against the data.
Silver went on to list some examples in which Wang's model has been wrong—in the 2010 Nevada Senate race between Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid and Republican Sharron Angle, and in control of the House in 2010.  In both of these cases, Silver wrote, Wang's forecast heavily diverged from the actual result. Silver's forecast also got Nevada wrong, but he argued Wang's model put Reid's odds of winning around 30,000-to-1. Silver's own model had Reid at a 5-to-1 underdog.
In an email to Business Insider, Wang said there was some "confusion" in Silver's article.  "I do not want to turn this into a shouting match—it's really unnecessary," he said. "I would say that specifically in reference to PEC's predictive model, the same methods when applied to presidential races gave a cliffhanger in 2004 and likely Obama wins in 2008 and 2012." Wang also noted both models ended up missing the Nevada Senate race. "And Senate polls are also good. When poll medians are applied to Senate races, they perform slightly better than polls-plus-fundamentals [models like Silver's]. In 2010, both approaches worked—though they both got the Nevada Senate race wrong," said Wang. 
Ultimately, Wang said, the difference is between his model and others like the Huffington Post and Daily Kos, which rely solely on polling averages. The reason they differ is because other models like Silver's and the New York Times have "said that at the start of 2014, conditions favored the GOP."
Top Comment
The issue with Wang's model is not that it is too favorable to Democrats, but that it is too confident.   More...
-MPKD

Mkts cheer Fed policy  China ties; Indices up most in 3 mthsSensex zooms 481 pts on Fed cue, China ties
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 18, 2014
First Published: 10:01 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:38 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
Enjoy the easy money while it lasts — is the message that the US Federal Reserve gave global investors on Thursday by retaining interest rate at near zero levels. The resulting flood of foreign inflows gave both the Sensex and the Nifty their biggest single-day gain in three months.
Rising optimism over India’s trade ties with China also boosted sentiments as the benchmark Sensex surged 481 points, or 1.8%, to end at 27,112.21. The broader NSE Nifty settled at 8,114.75, a gain of 139 points.
“There is a relief in the market after the outcome of the two-day US Fed meeting, which did not result in any major announcements,” said Dipen Shah, head, private client group research, Kotak Securities.
“This is critical for India under current circumstances when the domestic economy is undergoing a healing process. Some additional support in the form of global liquidity would augment this recovery process,” said Debopam Chaudhuri, chief economist, ZyFin Research.
Foreign portfolio investors who bought a net $14.14 billion in shares so far this year, have been key market drivers.
China’s commitment to invest $20 billion in India over the next five years also aided the rally. “Participants were truly excited by the prospects of huge investments by China in India’s infrastructure projects,” said Devang Mehta, senior vice-president, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
Major Sensex gainers included Hero MotoCorp (up 5.6%), HDFC (up 3.7%) and BHEL (up 3.5%).
Among sectoral indices, realty rose 4.7% followed by consumer durables (up 3.2%), capital goods (up 2.8%) and power (up 2.2%).
In the broader market, the BSE midcap index gained 177 points to 9,861.22 and the BSE smallcap index rose 291 points to 11,121.16.
Total market breadth was positive as 2,235 stocks ended in the black, 827 finished in the red while 94 closed unchanged.
“After the steep recovery, it’s likely that markets would pause on Friday; however, stock-specific move will keep the traders busy,” said Jayant Manglik, president, retail distribution, Religare Securities.
(with agency inputs)

Scots vote on independence  United Kingdom s fate on knife edgeToday's twitter trend map is amazing http://t.co/gtqUfG8Sz2 #voteyes — Caledonia (@Caledonia_1) September 18, 2014
What would be left?
The prospect of breaking up the United Kingdom, the world's sixth-largest economy and a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, has prompted citizens and allies alike to question what would be left, while the financiers of the City of London have warned of market turmoil.
British politicians, banks and businessmen have closed ranks to warn of economic hardship, job losses and investment flight should Scots decide to go it alone. Defence would also be a big question - Britain's submarine-borne nuclear arsenal, part of NATO's defences - is based in Scotland's Firth of Clyde.
The United States has made clear it wants the United Kingdom, its main ally in Europe, to remain together.
"The UK is an extraordinary partner for America and a force for good in an unstable world. I hope it remains strong, robust and united," US President Barack Obama said.
European leaders have warned that an independent Scotland would have to get to the back of the queue to join the European Union. Spain has been especially vocal, fearing it would further inspire separatists in Catalonia and the Basque Country, many of those voting for independence felt rule from London had opened too wide a gap between rich and poor. "I want a different kind of Scotland, a socially just Scotland," said Lisa Clark, a church worker, after casting her vote for "Yes".
Five surveys showed support for independence at 48%, compared with 52% for the union, while a fifth poll showed it even closer at 49% to 51%.
Another showed unionists at 53% and separatists at 47%.
The surveys also showed as many as 600,000 voters were undecided, making the vote too close to call. Polling stations close at 2100 GMT and a result is expected early on Friday.
Read: Brought to India during the Raj, many Scots left their mark
In Glasgow, there was a carnival-like atmosphere, with some people wearing blue-and-white face paint. A man running a financial services business and a hotel on the Isle of Skye had come down to his hometown Glasgow to cast a "No" vote.
"I think it's a great concept, but working in finance I can see the difficulties," he said, giving his name as Eddie.
Salmond has employed a mix of shrewd calculation and nationalist passion to haul the "Yes" campaign from far behind to within a whisker of winning his dream of an independent Scotland. But the momentum needs to continue if he is to win.
Facing the biggest internal threat to the United Kingdom since Ireland broke away nearly a century ago, Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron could find his job on the line if Scotland breaks away.
The 47-year-old prime minister has conceded that his privileged English background and Conservative politics mean he is not the best person to win over Scots, although in the past few weeks he has made emotional appeals for Scotland to stay in Britain's "family of nations".
That has left the leadership of the unionist case in the hands of the opposition Labour party, the only party with the local support capable of checking the secessionist Scottish National Party.
Former Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown, a Scot who has in recent days led the battle cry for the union, on Wednesday warned Scots in Glasgow, Scotland's biggest city and a crucial battleground, that Salmond was "leading us into a trap".
"Have confidence, stand up and be counted tomorrow," Brown thundered, fists clenched, to applause and cheers from unionist supporters. "Say to your friends, for reasons of solidarity, sharing, pride in Scotland, the only answer is vote 'No'."
A united kingdom?
In the event of a vote for independence, Britain and Scotland would face 18 months of talks on how to carve up North Sea oil and what to do about EU membership.
Scotland says it will use the pound after independence, but London has ruled out a formal currency union, while Britain will have to decide what to do about the nuclear submarine base on the Clyde, which the nationalists want to evict.
Salmond has accused London of orchestrating a campaign by business leaders aimed at spooking Scots after businesses from oil giant BP BP.L to financial services group Standard Life SL.L cautioned about the risks of independence.
To blunt Salmond's argument for breaking away, Britain's rulers promised to guarantee Scotland high levels of state funding and grant Scots greater control over finances.
British leaders accept that even if Scotland votes to keep the union, the United Kingdom's structure will have to change, as granting further powers to Scotland will provoke calls for a less centralised state from voters in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Some currency traders in London prepared to stay up all night to buy or sell sterling GBP on the results of the vote.
US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said there were potentially significant economic ramifications from the vote and that a strong United Kingdom was important.
Electoral officials said the result is expected by breakfast time on Friday morning, but partial results will give an indication of the trend after the count of major cities such as Glasgow are declared around 0400 GMT.
With more than 486,000 voters, Glasgow is crucial, and the way its traditional Labour supporters go could be decisive.
Edinburgh and Aberdeen, which with Glasgow make up nearly a quarter of the vote, are also expected around about that time.
Helicopters will fly from specially lit landing sites from remote islands to deliver ballot boxes to regional counting centres.
(With AFP inputs)

Under attack  UGC retracts controversial circular on teaching Hindi inuniversitiesPress Trust of India | New Delhi/chennai | Posted: September 18, 2014 9:16 pm
Under attack from Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa and political parties in the state, the UGC on Thursday decided to withdraw its controversial circular directing universities to teach Hindi as one of the primary languages in undergraduate courses.
The University Grants Commission will now issue a revised circular on the subject on Friday, UGC Chairman Ved Prakash said, hours after Jayalalitha wrote a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi opposing “imposition” of Hindi and that the directive was “not binding” on the state.
“The last circular was issued inadvertently mentioning that Hindi be taught along with English as a primary language. UGC has decided to issue a circular tomorrow saying that Hindi is not mandatory. It is the prerogative of the university concerned to decide4 how to teach, who to teach and what to teach,” Prakash said.
The circular became public earlier this week and was attacked by political parties in Tamil Nadu, including the DMK, MDMK and PMK, which said they would resist all attempts to “impose” the language on Tamil Nadu.
In her letter to Modi on Thursday, Jayalalitha said Chief Minister Jayalalithaa said the circular, amounting to “imposing Hindi”, had been initiated during the previous government.
She said the two institutions — Anna University and Alagappa University — had received the circular on September 16, 2014 where it was stated that Hindi be taught as a primary language along with English in undergraduate courses, besides following it in Law and Commerce streams also.
She said her party’s stand was consistent and Hindi should not be imposed on non-Hindi speaking states.
The Official Languages Act, 1963, made it clear that Hindi should not be imposed on states not speaking the language, while the communication between Centre and such states, classified as ‘Zone C’, should only be in English, as mandates later.
“Therefore, the UGC circular will not at all apply to universities in Tamil Nadu,” she said.
At a time when she raised demands like Tamil being made official language and being accorded the same status in Madras High Court, such a directive asking universities in the state to teach Hindi along English “is not only unacceptable, but also against the law,” she said.
She said that in various streams in the universities, Tamil or other languages would continue to remain under Part I, English Part II and other related ones Part III.
“I have asked the Chief Secretary of the state to advice universities in the state to convey to UGC that the decisions taken in the Kendriya Hindi Samiti on July 27, 2011 will not be binding on them,” she said.

Maoist with Rs 4 lakh reward on his head killed inencounterPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 18, 2014 10:18 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 10:20 pm
A Maoist with Rs 4 lakh cash reward on his on his head was killed in an encounter by police in Malkangiri district on Wednesday night.
Officials in Malkangiri Police department said, the exchange of fire took place last night in the forest area near Madkapadar village after the Maoists opened fire at police. Soon after the Maoists retreated, police found the body of Erra Madkami alias Sundhi Dalai, a local area committee member in Gumma area of Malkangiri as well as member of the Andhra Orissa Border of Special Zonal Committee of Maoists.
Police also recovered a sten gun, two rifles, some ammunition, kit bags and Maoist literature at the site.
Early this month, the Koraput and Malkangiri Police in a joint raid had destroyed a Maoist camp inside a forest at Majhiguda under Boipariguda police station of Koraput district. Police sources said the Maoist group involved in the encounter on Wednesday night was the same that they had engaged earlier this month.
At the Boipariguda camp, police seized an SLR rifle and a pistol.

Australian police foil ISIS beheading plot  15heldAbbott was asked about reports that the detainees were planning to behead a random person in Sydney.
AP | Sydney | Posted: September 18, 2014 9:55 pm
Police said they thwarted a plot to carry out beheadings in Australia by supporters of the radical Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) group by detaining 15 people and raiding more than a dozen properties across Sydney on Thursday.
The raids involving 800 federal and state police officers — the largest in the country’s history — came in response to intelligence that an ISIS leader in the Middle East was calling on Australian supporters to kill, Prime Minister Tony Abbott said.
Abbott was asked about reports that the detainees were planning to behead a random person in Sydney. “That’s the intelligence we received,” he told reporters. “The exhortations — quite direct exhortations — were coming from an Australian who is apparently quite senior in ISIL (or ISIS) to networks of support back in Australia to conduct demonstration killings here in this country.”
“This is not just suspicion, this is intent and that’s why the police and security agencies decided to act in the way they have,” Abbott said.
The raids came just days after the country raised its terrorism threat to the second-highest level in response to the domestic threat posed by ISIS supporters. At the time, Abbott stressed that there was no information suggesting a terror attack was imminent.
Later Thursday, Attorney General George Brandis confirmed that a person born in Afghanistan who had spent time in Australia and is now working with the ISIS in the Middle East ordered supporters in Australia to behead people and videotape the killings. “If the … police had not acted today, there is a likelihood that this would have happened,” Brandis told the Australian Broadcasting Corp.
Abbott and Brandis did not name the Australian. But Mohammad Ali Baryalei, who is believed to be Australia’s most senior member of the ISIS, was named as a co-conspirator in court documents filed on Thursday. Police have issued an arrest warrant for the 33-year-old former Sydney nightclub bouncer.
One of those detained, 22-year-old Omarjan Azari of Sydney, appeared briefly in a Sydney court on Thursday. Prosecutor Michael Allnutt said Azari was involved in a plan to “gruesomely” kill a randomly selected person — something that was “clearly designed to shock and horrify” the public. That plan involved an “unusual level of fanaticism”, he said.
Azari is charged with conspiracy to prepare for a terrorist attack. The potential penalty was not immediately clear. In court documents, Azari was accused of conspiring with Baryalei and others between May and September to prepare for a terrorist attack. Allnutt said the charge stemmed from the interception of a phone call a couple days ago.
Azari did not apply for bail and did not enter a plea. His next court appearance was set for November 13. His attorney, Steve Boland, said during the hearing that continued…

SC questions govt on CVC selection: What happened totransparencyThe bench, however, observed that the guidelines may not meet the legislative objective of ensuring transparency in selection.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 9:53 pm
Days after it pushed a new law to scrap collegium system of judges’ appointment citing lack of transparency, the government got a taste of its own medicine on Thursday when the Supreme Court questioned its move to appoint Chief Vigilance Commissioner (CVC) through an “in-house” selection panel that was prone to nepotism and keeping good talent out.
“The problem is that every system which is confined to in-house procedure for appointments, the criticism has all along been about lack of transparency. If transparency is the hallmark of the selection process and if an existing system is criticised on this ground, why should it not be followed by you?” a bench led by Chief Justice R M Lodha said.
The bench, also comprising Justices Kurian Joseph and Rohinton F Nariman, said: “India is a country with a huge pool of talent. The public now demands transparency. Sunlight is not reaching a common man residing in one remote corner of the country like this. Why do you deprive him of the sunlight? How will an extremely talented man become visible without the sunlight?”
The court told Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi that howsoever big or small an institution be, the criticism right now seemed to be about transparency and if that is so, the government should set its own house in order.
“Criticism has been about lack of transparency and hence nepotism, favouritism and good talent being kept out. If that is the criticism, why not make every system more transparent?” said the bench.
The court was adjudicating a PIL by NGO ‘Centre for Integrity, Governance and Training in Vigilance Administration’. Questioning the selection process for the post of CVC and a Vigilance Commissioner, the NGO had sought a stay on the appointments. It cited the July 21 letter issued by the Secretary, Department of Personnel and Training, to other Secretaries in the government to recommend names for the posts. The plea stated that only bureaucrats were going to be considered for appointment.
Rohatgi, while assuring the court that the government will not make any appointment till the issue is decided, sought to defend the system, contending that it was not practical to make public advertisements for all such positions and that the selection was being made as per the guidelines framed three years ago.
The bench, however, observed that the guidelines may not meet the legislative objective of ensuring transparency in selection. It said the power seemed to have been given to the Secretaries to decide who should be considered and if they chose not to sponsor a name, a person, irrespective of his competence, would never be considered.
“You have restricted the selection but we want the legislative policy to be effectively and objectively implemented. You have also said no application shall be entertained if it is sent directly. So a person’s application sent independently will never get addressed. Also, there continued…

Women are forgiving the NFL fast than menBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 18 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
35 percent of the people who watch National Football League games on television every week are women , a figure that on the surface might seem to explain how the NFL has fallen all over itself in rushing to respond to a string of high-profile domestic violence incidents involving professional football players and the outcry against NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell’s seemingly flip handling of one of the cases . As Amanda Hess points out in Slate , 35 percent of your viewers is both a sizable chunk of a fan base to lose, and if women turn against the game and the league, the NFL is also losing a significant opportunity to grow.
An Oakland Raiders fan holds a sign for NFL commissioner Roger Goodell after the game against the Houston Texans at O.co Coliseum. The Texans defeated the Raiders 30-14. (Credit: Kyle Terada-USA TODAY Sports)
But for all the individual female fans who have been turned off the game , new data from the YouGov Brand Index suggests that women might actually be faster to forgive the NFL than their male counterparts.
The Brand Index is a week-daily survey of a pool of 4,300 respondents, and tries to get their answers to a core question: “If you’ve heard anything about the brand in the last two weeks, through advertising, news or word of mouth, was it positive or negative?” The company then combines those scores to produce a ranking of a brand’s positive or negative perception: a score of 100 means that all respondents heard only positive things about the brand, a score of -100 means they heard completely negative things, and a score of zero means that the positive and negative things respondents heard about the brand were balanced out.
This month, the NFL has experienced a dizzying dip: the league had a score of 36 on September 8 . It was the highest the NFL has scored in 2014. But September 8 was also the same day that TMZ Sports published a full video of the altercation between Baltimore Ravens player Ray Rice and his then-fianceé Janay Palmer in a casino elevator (the couple are now married) that resulted in Rice knocking Palmer unconscious.
At the first game since Ray Rice's release from the Baltimore Ravens, female fans share mixed reactions to the video that showed him knocking out his then-fiancee and the NFL's treatment of the former-star player. (Whitney Leaming/The Washington Post)
On September 14, the NFL’s Brand Index score had plummeted all the way down to -37, a reflection of the intense coverage of Rice and Goodell’s decision-making process about how to hand out Rice’s initial suspension. That figure is 11 points lower than the NFL’s previous worse score in 2012, which was influenced  “by the New Orleans Saints bounty crisis and new rules restricting purses and bags in stadiums.”
That figure has since bounced back up. But the rise in the NFL’s reputation appears to be driven by women, rather than by men. As of Tuesday, the score for women asked if they had heard negative things about the NFL was -9, up from a previous low of -30. The men’s score is currently -51, a striking difference in perception between the genders.
Now, this could simply be a reflection that men are consuming more sports news, and as a result, are hearing more about the details of the NFL’s handling of the Rice incident, as well as learning about violent incidents involving several other players on other teams, including running back Adrian Peterson’s arrest for allegedly beating his son with a tree branch.
I asked Drew Kerr, who handles communications for YouGov, what might explain the difference. The answer? Women seem to be more forgiving in general, and the NFL’s early moves to open an investigation into the league’s response to Rice and to appoint a board to oversee the creation of a new domestic violence policy might be helping.
“Looking through the data historically, women sometimes have a tendency to be the first ones to bounce back at big crises before men do,” Kerr wrote in an email. “In this case, we speculate that the punishment was given, lots was said, and women are showing signs of starting to move on and maybe even forgive a little.”
Using a different measurement, which asks survey respondents if they have positive or negative feelings about the NFL as a whole, women seem to feel more positive about the league than men two weeks into the new season. The lowest overall response from men was a score of -11, while women’s feelings only dipped to -5. By Wednesday, the NFL’s brand was back in overall positive score territory, pulling in a 5. Women are pulling that figure up from the negative zone: their responses give the NFL a positive score of 10, while men are split.
Whatever the reason for this gender gap, these numbers may let the NFL rest a little easier. Appoint some women to craft a new domestic violence policy, keep the women’s-cut jerseys coming, and it seems that women will forgive even a league that has shown little concern for women’s safety.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

California wildfires burn tens of thousands of acres  state of emergency declaredBy Mark Berman September 18 Follow @markberman
The King Fire. (Noah Berger/Reuters)
Massive wildfires continue to tear across California, consuming tens of thousands of acres and hundreds of homes, prompting a state of emergency and forcing thousands of people to evacuate the region.
California Gov. Jerry Brown (D) declared a state of emergency Wednesday for El Dorado and Siskiyou counties due to the “conditions of extreme peril” posed by the fires.
“The wildfires in Northern California serve as a reminder that dry conditions can be the precursor to devastating loss,” Brown said in a statement. “Anne and I extend our deepest sympathies to those who have suffered such terrible losses in the fires.”
The King fire, located east of Sacramento, had burned through more than 70,000 acres by Thursday morning, according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (also known as Cal Fire).
[Update: Police announced Thursday that they had arrested someone on suspicion of arson connected to the King fire. Head here for more.]
This fire, which began last week in El Dorado County, had forced more than 2,800 people to evacuate and threatened 21,000 buildings, officials said Thursday. It was only 5 percent contained by Thursday morning, Cal Fire said.
Fire crews in California's Sierra Nevada are trying to gain the upper hand on the so-called King Fire, which has scorched 28,000 acres and threatened thousands of homes. (Reuters)
To give you an idea of how big this fire is, here is what it looks like from a plane flying overhead:
— Angie Myers (@AngieMyers) September 18, 2014
If we pull back even more, you can spot the fire from space:
View from space, satellite pictures including infrared see large heat signatures, smoke plume from #KingFire . #cawx pic.twitter.com/W9oAcvfKyX — NWSBayArea (@NWSBayArea) September 18, 2014
Here is a look at how far it had burned by Thursday morning:
Check out the latest map of the #KingFire in El Dorado County to see just how far the 71,000 acre fire has burned. pic.twitter.com/ohrua8Pso0 — CAL FIRE PIO Berlant (@CALFIRE_PIO) September 18, 2014
The Boles fire in Siskiyou County, which has spread across 375 acres, has destroyed about 150 structures this week and still threatened about 1,000 homes, according to Cal Fire. It was about two-thirds contained by Friday morning.
California authorities said that more than 6,600 firefighters are battling a total of 10 major wildfires in the state, including fires burning at Yosemite National Park, El Dorado National Forest and other national forests.
In addition to destroying homes and forests, these fires threaten power lines and have shut down multiple key roadways, according to Brown’s office, which said he has requested assistance grants from the federal government.
The catastrophic drought that has ravaged California has created conditions that make it easier for wildfires to spread. As the drought has persisted, it has resulted in bone-dry grass and brush, which can help wildfires persist and strengthen.
INCREDIBLE photo from #LakeTahoe last night of the #KingFire pyrocumulus!(via Steve Ellsworth) pic.twitter.com/OipOYGAQbA — NWS Boise (@NWSBoise) September 18, 2014
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Mortgage rates jump to 4-month highMortgage rates jump to 4-month high
Mortgage rates
A for sale sign stands at a home in Washington, D.C.
A for sale sign stands at a home in Washington, D.C. (AFP/Getty Images)
Finance Mortgages Freddie Mac
Mortgage rates jump after weeks of stagnation
Average fixed mortgage interest rates had their biggest one-week jump of the year this week, bringing them to levels not seen since early May.
The increases followed several ho-hum weeks with rates little changed.
The average interest rate on a 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage this week was 4.23 percent, compared with 4.12 percent last week, according to Freddie Mac's weekly survey. A year ago, the rate on that mortgage was 4.5 percent.

Chinese troops begin withdrawing from Indian territory | Full coverageChina President Xi's India Visit
(However, the stand-off…)
LEH/NEW DELHI: After heightened tension in Chumar area in Northeast Ladakh for four days, Chinese troops tonight began withdrawing from the Indian territory, official sources said.
Chinese troops started retreating into their territory from 9:45 PM, the sources said, adding that Indian army which was present also in large number in the area also started simultaneously reducing their presence in the area, about 300 km east of Leh.
The sources said that a vigil was still being maintained as the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) had camped just across the Line of Actual Control (LAC) and the situation would be reviewed tomorrow.
However, the stand-off in Demchok where Chinese nomads -- Rebos -- had pitched their tents continued for the 12th day today. The incursion in this area is nearly 500 metres deep into Indian territory, the sources said.
The Chinese nomads actively helped by the PLA have been protesting against an irrigation canal being built for the local villagers.
The standoff in Demchok and Chumar had cast a shadow on today's summit talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping .
The sources said that the Chinese side pushed in more troops before the break of dawn with more banners asking the Indian Army to leave the area. The number of Chinese troops had shot up to 600.
Chinese helicopters were seen hovering at least thrice during the day air dropping food packets for its troops, they said.
The Chinese side had been constructing a road on their side of LAC but on Sunday, its workers entered into Indian side to carry on the construction.
This was objected by the Indian side as Chinese workers were making assertions that they have instructions to build a road upto Tible, five kilometres deep into Indian territory, the sources said.
The Indian army asked the Chinese workers to leave as otherwise they would face prosecution under Indian laws of entering into the country illegally.
However, during the intervening night of Sunday and Monday, nearly 100 Indian soldiers were reported to have been encircled by 300 Chinese PLA men after which a face-off started.
India also rushed reinforcements to the area and were not allowing the Chinese troops to proceed further and also asking them to retreat to their side.
Both the Indian and Chinese armies were maintaining a distance of 200 metres from each other.
There was no flag meeting today and the decision to withdraw from the area was suo moto taken by the Chinese side, the sources said.
The two sides have held two flag meetings so far which included a marathon discussion yesterday that continued for several hours and remained inconclusive.
Chumar, the last village in Ladakh area bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a bone of contention with China claiming it to be its own territory and has been frequenting the area with helicopter incursions almost every year.
In 2012, the PLA dropped some of its soldiers in this region and dismantled the makeshift storage tents of the Army and ITBP.
Chumar had become a flash point during the fortnight long stand-off last year in Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) as the Chinese side had objected to overhead bunkers erected by the Indian side.
As part of an agreement reached at the flag meeting to end the stand-off from April-May 2013 at DBO, the Indian side had to dismantle some overhead bunkers in Chumar.
Again, Chumar witnessed Chinese troops walking away with an Army surveillance camera on June 17 which was meant for keeping an eye on the PLA troops patrolling there. The same camera was returned after a few days.
During winter this year, Chinese soldiers attempted to enter this area riding on horses. The area witnessed frequent incursion attempts by the Chinese troops who had also adopted 'assertive posturing'.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Darrell Hammond to Become New Voice of  SNLdarrell hammond to become new voice of  snl
Dogs can be pessimistic  tooBy Rachel Feltman September 18 Follow @rachelfeltman
New research from the University of Sydney shows evidence that dogs can be distinctly optimistic or pessimistic. (The University of Sydney)
Does your dog think the water dish is half empty? New research from the University of Sydney shows evidence that dogs can be distinctly optimistic or pessimistic. Just like humans, optimistic canines have a distinctly sunnier outlook on life, while pessimistic pups are likely to expect the worst.
The dogs were trained to touch a target after hearing one of two tones -- two octaves apart -- to receive a drink. One tone meant they'd receive milk, a reward, while the other just meant they'd get water. Once they'd learned what those tones meant, they were presented with new tones in-between the "milk" and "water" pitch.
If a dog kept happily hitting the target through these ambiguous tones, the researchers claim, it's probably because it was hopeful that one of them would lead to a reward. On the other hand, the researchers report, the "pessimistic" dogs grew distressed when ambiguous tones didn't result in milk, and avoided repeating the task.
This study is really meant as a proof-of-concept for a sort of doggy personality test-- one that could help determine the best service dogs for particular tasks. The researchers found that pessimistic dogs, for instance, were doing better in their training to be guide animals for the disabled. They were careful and anxious about taking risks. But a persistent, optimistic dog might do a better job in search-and-rescue missions.
Marc Bekoff , an author  and professor emeritus at University of Colorado who wasn't involved in the study, was hesitant to call the dogs who gave up "pessimists."
"The paradigm of the study is great -- most dog studies use 10 dogs or so, and this has 40 dogs of all different breeds and ages. And it's possible that these dogs were pessimists -- but maybe they just gave up," Bekoff said.
In other words, maybe the dogs who stopped looking for milk that would never come were just realists. To track down a pathologically pessimistic pup, Bekoff suggested, one might see if a failure during the milk and water task led them to be less interested in unrelated reward-based experiments.
But Bekoff has no doubt that dogs possess these personality differences, and he thinks the test is an intriguing attempt to asses the traits. "Especially in dogs who are abused early on, you definitely see animals who just really won't work that hard to get love or affection, having failed before," Bekoff said. "I think it's perfectly legitimate to say that there are optimistic and pessimistic dogs --  and that you can change their behavior."
1 of 12

Facebook just changed its News Feed yet again. Heres how it could affect you.By Tim Herrera September 18 Follow @TimHerrera
(Karen Bleier/AFP/Getty Images file)
You know how Facebook shows you  lots of old stuff in your News Feed you haven’t cared about for two days? That may be about to change.
The monolithic social network said Thursday that it’s shifting around its mysterious News Feed algorithm to show people fewer old posts in favor of more “timely” posts, based on a handful of new factors like when a posts got clicks and likes (as opposed to just how many it got) — and whether a given story is “trending.”
“There are also times when a post that is a day or two old may not be relevant to you anymore,” Facebook said in its announcement. “Our latest update to News Feed ranking looks at two new factors to determine if a story is more important in the moment than other types of updates.”
It’s hard to tell what predicated the change. Perhaps it was a handful of News Feed - focused stories  recently, or the fair amount of criticism the company got over not surfacing much content about Ferguson  for a lot of people (nobody wants to “Like” a story about a person being killed, so those posts will do worse), or something else altogether.
Up to now, Facebook’s News Feed generally surfaced stories from people’s networks that were getting the most engagement. More Likes, comments and clicks on a given post means that post is more likely to spill into your feed. But it’s an ever-changing beast that at times seems more art than science, and its inner workings remain among Facebook’s most closely guarded secrets.
So what does this change actually mean for users? For the most part, this will likely result in fewer posts from two days ago appearing in your News Feed, and more posts from current news topics. Which for a lot of people is a great change!
But beyond that, who knows, really. Facebook will go into broad terms about how it decides what goes into your News Feed, but the fact is, no matter how many explainers Facebook writes about its News Feed, we commoners will simply never really know.
The secrets are too complex and too valuable to Facebook for the company to offer much insight beyond the basics.

Banks rally on rate outlook  lead S&P 500 to new highWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Developing model village clustersUpdated: September 18, 2014 01:28 IST
Developing model village clusters
The Hindu Illustration: Deepak Harichandan
TOPICS
government
Creating central towns with urban facilities for 100 or so villages in each tehsil will prevent wastage of national resources on ‘model villages’ and ‘smart cities’
The Narendra Modi government has launched an ambitious programme for both rural and urban development. In his budget speech, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said, “The Prime Minister has a vision of developing ‘ one hundred smart cities ’ as satellite towns of larger cities by modernising the existing mid-sized cities. To provide the necessary focus to this critical activity, I have provided a sum of [Rs.] 7,060 crore in the current fiscal.” For rural areas, Mr. Modi in his Independence Day speech urged each Member of Parliament to make one village of his or her constituency a ‘model village’ by 2016. After 2016, two more villages should be selected and after 2019, at least five model villages must be established by each MP in his/her area.
These are wise programmes, but if they are launched without due diligence, they may end up in enormous wastage of national resources. Here are some thoughts on how these programmes can be made effective.
An urban India
It should be clearly understood that it is an iron law of economics (without a single exception) that as countries get richer, the share of agriculture in GDP, employment and land use declines over time. If India aims at achieving affluence over the coming decades, it must be prepared for massive urbanisation. Our statistical analysis shows that in an affluent India, by 2050, more than 80 per cent of the population will be in cities. Rural population will decline from about 833 million in 2011 to about 260 million in 2050, while in urban areas, the population will increase from 377 million in 2011 to about 1,200 million in 2050. Thus, India in the future will live in towns and cities and not in villages. The choice before India is whether it will let urbanisation proceed in an unplanned manner as it has been doing until now or plan in advance and create smart towns and cities.
For rural development, one often hears of providing urban facilities to rural areas. The word “Rurban” is often bandied about. However, it should be understood that modern urban areas require many complex facilities which cannot be made available in a very small scale. In India, with 6 lakh villages, the average population of a village is only about 1,000. It is generally difficult even to provide basic facilities for health and education in rural areas as teachers and doctors are simply not willing to live in these villages without adequate facilities for their families. Creating model villages is thus going to be difficult. As villagers get educated and leave for towns, the so-called model villages may become half-deserted.
Model village clusters
One possible solution is to build model village clusters similar to what was done in Chitrakoot in Madhya Pradesh. In this approach, for 100 or so villages in each tehsil, a central town with a population of about 50,000 will be created with urban facilities. This town will accommodate teachers, doctors, agricultural extension workers, agro-industries, etc. These will be created on the lines of Special Economic Zones — with their own modern rules on land, labour, transport, education, health, etc. The town will be managed by rural communities that it will be serving along with representatives of the urban community in the new town. The town’s infrastructure will be developed along the principles of sound urban development before the inflow of residents begins.
Read: A ‘smart’ idea for urban ills?
Where will the funding for urban development come from? As has been the case in China, it will come from the capital gains due to land conversion accruing to the new urban authorities rather than landowners. The landowners will be compensated handsomely. Compensation will be two-three times the value of their land through a combination of lump sum payment and annuities and with guaranteed employment for all stakeholders. The value of land will be determined not by the so-called market value — which is difficult to determine partly because of paucity of land transactions and partly because of the black money in many of these transactions — but by the present value of income stream generated from the land concerned. Assuming a rate of time discount of 5 per cent per year and increase in land productivity of 2.5 per cent per year becomes a robust method for determining the value of land for compensation. When the land is converted to urban usage with horizontal growth allowing buildings of 10-15 floors, its value will increase by 15-20 times. Assuming that half of the land acquired will be auctioned to the private developers at market prices, the town authorities will earn handsome capital gains which should be sufficient to develop the necessary infrastructure with all modern amenities. The town thus developed will serve the cluster of villages and provide jobs for many migrants from the villages.
Thus the Prime Minister should urge parliamentarians to develop such model village clusters, one every year, so that in 10 years’ time, the entire country can be covered.
Self-financing of smart cities
The same principle can apply to the development of smart cities. These cities will be “smart” not only in terms of Information and Communications Technology but also in the design of urban physical and social infrastructure and modern policy regime on business climate and governance. These cities would, for example, allow FDI in retail which will not displace any shopkeepers but become a magnet for new inhabitants.
Read: Smart cities - Current practicality, future idealism
The economic base of these cities will be hubs for knowledge production and knowledge marketing. Starting with 100 such smart cities in the next five years, some 800 such cities may be built over the next 40 years covering all the district towns. The principle of land conversion and auctions for part of the land acquired will be the same as in the village clusters mentioned above. The infrastructure development of these smart cities will thus be largely self-financed through capital gains from land conversion and they would emerge as model cities which will accommodate nearly 400 million new urbanites between now and 2050. Thus, both the ideas of rural development and of urban development are basically sound but they need some forward planning to be effective.
(Ramgopal Agarwala is a former senior adviser, World Bank. E-mail: ramagarwala@gmail.com)

Surge  Sells Out After Coke Revives Old Soda'Surge' sells out after Internet fans make Coke bring it back
Ben Popken TODAY
Coke is bringing back a dead soda because the Internet told it to.
Following a relentless fan-led social campaign, Coke announced they're bringing back "SURGE," its 90's-era Mountain Dew knockoff that ceased production in 2002.
It's the first time Coke has ever revived a discontinued product. And as befits a rebirth brought about by online groundswell, it will only be available on Amazon . There, a 12-pack of 16-oz cans sells for $14, plus shipping.
Within an hour of going online Monday, the citrus-flavored soda had sold out. It was soon restocked, only to sell out again.
It's all thanks to an intensive two-year social media campaign masterminded by three male millennials buzzing on nostalgia for their favorite beverage.
Putting in several hours a day for no reward other than simply their love of the drink, the volunteer admins behind the "Surge Movement" Facebook page slowly built up a page with over 140,000 likes using activist-type guerrilla tactics. They raised $4,000 from online donations and took out a billboard a half-mile from Coca-Cola's Atlanta headquarters begging for Surge to return. Call-in days were organized where they would try to get fans to flood Coke's phone lines with pleas to bring the "fully-loaded citrus soda with carbs" back.
Along the way they kept the momentum and each other going by posting to Facebook and Twitter retro photos of fans enjoying Surge as kids, sharing images of nostalgic Surge merchandise, and organizing online games to spot Surge references in pop culture flotsam.
It's a green dream come true for Sean Sheridan, one of the Surge Facebook page administrators. 
"I'd be lying if I didn't say I was a little shaky right now," said Sheridan, a 31-year old IT worker from Murphy, Texas.
"It's the most delicious thing to ever hit the market," said Sheridan. "It has a cool, clean citrusy taste not found elsewhere... it's one of those few sodas you can drink ice cold, or hot after finding a can left in a car."
The "Surge Movement" Facebook page administrators celebrated their victory in a high quality YouTube video.
Sheridan's urge for Surge is a throwback to when he was a teenager growing up in Tennessee. He used to take trips up the Cumberland River in a dinghy from his stepfather's sailboat. Along the way he would stock up on bottles of Surge, purchased from a little floating store that kept it in coolers.
"I would just row around and explore... it was really cool to see such an awe-inspiring body of water," he said.
Even though at the time Surge was marketed as an "extreme" beverage, mirroring Mountain Dew's focus on actions sports, Sheridan said to him it represented "getting out there and seeing what adventure the universe had to offer."
Though the soda-maker invited the trio to their headquarters to kick off the announcement and has left the marketing of the brand up in the hands of Surge fans, there's been no exchange of money. The only contract the three signed was a non-disclosure agreement ahead of Surge's launch. They are free to run their page and write whatever post they want, except when Coke promotes one of their posts on Facebook. Then it has to go through Coke's legal department.
Even then, the marketing might of Coke is a drop in the ocean. Most of the traffic driven to the fan page has been from organic online sharing and media mentions, not from Coke's Facebook ad buy.
YouTube
A screenshot from a 1997 Surge commercial that featured several young urban men racing an obstacle course of old sofas in the street to win a bottle of Surge.
The soda's revival is something that would have been nearly impossible to do when Surge was on the market. 
"Surge fans used social media platforms to initiate a dialogue, and invite others to join in to put pressure on Coke to bring Surge back," said Helene Solomon, CEO of the Solomon McCown & Company PR firm. "This move by Coke implies something larger for brands, communicators and marketers in general."
So, power to the pop top poppers, but it's also a marketing coup for Coke, said Steve Posavac, a Vanderbilt University marketing professor.
"The fact that this is in response to a social media campaign may lead to consumer perceptions of Coke being a younger and more hip brand – a goal Coke often pursues in its advertising," said Posavac. "The costs of bringing back Surge through only the Amazon channel are quite low, the branding ROI [return on investment] for all Coke brands based on this move should be very favorable."
Depending on how well Surge goes, we could see more niche products from big companies offered online only.
"Previously, a smaller brand would never have had a realistic shot at commercialization," said Coke spokeswoman Racquel Mason in a statement. "Now with Amazon, consumers can order a product like Surge and have it delivered directly to their doorstep. It’s the democratization of demand."
Now, where's my Orange Coke?
Launched in 2007, Orange Coke is currently available only in Latvia, Poland and Russia.
Tags:

Chronicle of a tragedy foretoldUpdated: September 18, 2014 01:48 IST
Chronicle of a tragedy foretold
Himanshu Thakkar
Tweet
The Hindu It is apparent in this disaster that the encroachment of the riverbeds and flood plains and the destruction of the once-abundant water bodies exacerbated the Jammu and Kashmir floods. Picture shows the submerged Srinagar-Baramulla Highway in Srinagar. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
flood
No agency provided any prior warning about the massive floods in Jammu and Kashmir
“What suddenly caused Jammu and Kashmir to be ravaged by floods?” is now the raging question. As families of victims struggle to come to terms with the large-scale impact of the tragedy and as people all over the country attempt to understand the reasons for it, it remains to be seen how deep this concern really is and if it can translate into affirmative action that will prevent such disasters from recurring.
Read: Harrowing flight from flooded Valley, a first person account
Institutional failures
The immediate and recognisable cause of the Jammu and Kashmir floods was heavy rainfall. According to data from the India Meteorological Department (IMD), in the week ending on September 3, 2014, Jammu and Kashmir received 55 per cent of rainfall above the normal level. In the following three days, average rainfall in the State was 250 mm, of which 106 mm lashed the State on September 6 alone. State-level averages mask the location and time-specific intensity of rainfall. For example, in the week ending on September 10, Udhampur, Reasi and Kulgam districts received much higher rainfall than the State average rainfall for the week (268mm), which was evidently going to have disastrous implications. Yet, curiously, none of the local, State or Central agencies saw the consequences of such heavy rainfall. There was sufficient time before the water from the rainfall reached Srinagar or other upstream areas of the Jhelum basin, and Jammu and other areas of the Chenab basin, but no agency provided any warning to these vulnerable areas. Thus the first institutional failure was of the IMD.
Second, the Central Water Commission, India’s premier technical body in water resources, which is supposed to provide forecasts of floods in all flood-prone areas, failed miserably in giving any information on river flow that would have warned the people in the downstream areas.
Third, the State Department of Irrigation and Flood Control which manages State water resources and the flood control system did not monitor and maintain embankments or provide any warnings when they were breached. This means even in the State capital, people had absolutely no idea of the impending disaster till the waters entered their houses and colonies. Further, this department’s website (www.jkirfc.com), except the tender section, has not been updated since 2011.
India is supposed to have elaborate disaster management institutions starting from the National Disaster Management Authority to the State Disaster Management Authority to the Divisional (in the case of Jammu and Kashmir) and District Disaster Management Authorities. However, except the National Disaster Response Force, which in any case is manned by paramilitary personnel, we see no impact made by these institutions in this disaster. The local administration and disaster management apparatus seemed to be generally absent during the floods. This means that even if information was available with the State and local administration before the deluge, (as was the case in Uttarakhand in June 2013, where in spite of specific forecasts from the Dehradun office of the IMD, the State failed to use the information to take necessary action), it may not have helped manage the disaster in a significantly better manner.
Increasing interventions
It is also apparent that the encroachment of riverbeds and flood plains and the destruction of the once-abundant lakes, wetlands, marshes, flood channels and other water bodies and areas exacerbated the disaster. Jammu and Kashmir has such remarkable flood management structures that it seems that the people of the 11th century had better management wisdom than the engineers of today with their straitjacketed mindset. Even government agencies (local, State and Central) have been found guilty of constructing buildings in such areas, which have not only made these buildings vulnerable but also reduced the flood absorption capacity of these areas, thus making other areas vulnerable too.
Major interventions are expected to take place in the Chenab and Jhelum basins including about 40 hydropower projects in each basin of various sizes and in various stages of development. Each of these projects involve the construction of dams, water storage, tunnels, blasting, diversion of rivers, deforestation, construction of roads and colonies, and mining of materials on a large scale, and dumping of millions of cubic metres of muck from each large project. The Chenab basin is, in fact, home to the largest capacity of hydropower projects under construction in India compared to any other basin.
Each of these projects will increase the disaster potential of the basins, but we do not have credible Environmental Impact Assessment, Environmental Appraisal, Environmental Management Plan or credible monitoring and compliance mechanisms, not to speak of the lack of Cumulative Impact Assessment or Disaster Risk Assessment. This is not to say that such projects should not be undertaken, but we are only inviting greater disasters given the manner in which we are going about these major interventions. Repeated representations on these issues to the Ministry of Environment and Forests have fallen on deaf ears.
Climate change footprint
Scientists are telling us that in the case of such extreme weather events, whose frequency is already on the rise in the Himalayas at a greater rate than global averages, there is an undeniable climate change footprint. Although we hear a lot about climate change issues in general, there is little action taken. The least the government can do is to recognise the link between climate change and disasters and demand justice for the victims. It also needs to identify populations vulnerable to disasters arising from climate change and change its development plans and policies accordingly. We see little progress in any of these directions.
Read: ‘J&K floods grim reminder of climate change’
Fifteen months after the devastating Uttarakhand floods, we still do not have a report that tells us what happened there, who played (or did not play) what role and what lessons are to be learnt from that experience. For example, several of us wrote to the MoEF in July 2013, asking it to institute an enquiry into the role played by hydropower projects in increasing the proportions of the disaster. In the absence of any government action, it was left to the Supreme Court to order such an enquiry through its order of August 13, 2013.
A subsequent report by the Ravi Chopra Committee showed how the existing and under-construction hydropower projects had increased the scale of the disaster. The way the government is pushing ahead with the massive Lakhwar and Vyasi hydropower projects on the Yamuna river in Uttarakhand, without even proper environment and social impact assessment and public consultation, it is clear that it has not learnt any lessons from the Uttarakhand tragedy.
In the case of Jammu and Kashmir, the Supreme Court has already sought a report from the Central government. We hope that the court will order an elaborate enquiry into the reasons for and management of the current disaster.
In the meantime, the dimensions of the Jammu and Kashmir floods are still unfolding before us. We hope there is greater urgency in rescuing people and providing relief and rehabilitation — efforts that will give the people of the State and elsewhere a glimmer of hope.
(Himanshu Thakkar is coordinator of South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers and People. E-mail: ht.sandrp@gmail.com)

Sensex ends up | Dividend-paying stocks: Top betsYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex on a roll, surges over 450 points; top 20 intraday bets
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 02.38PM IST
Tags:
Adani Enterprises
(US Federal Reserve announced…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex staged a smart recovery after starting the day on a muted note amid US Fed worries of interest rate hike. The index rose as much as 529 points in trade led by gains in RIL, L&T, ICICI Bank , ITC and TCS.
US Federal Reserve announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly purchases, leaving the program on course to be shuttered next month. It also made clear that record-low interest rates will be around for at least a few more months.
The BSE Sensex rallied as much as 401 points to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 27000, supported by gains in consumer durable, pharma, oil & gas and realty stocks.
The 50-share Nifty index also managed to bounce back and is now trading near its crucial psychological level of 8100.
At 2:00 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,103.45 up 472.16 points.
The Nifty was at 8110.70, up 135.2 points.
Most analysts hold the view that even if US Federal Reserve decides to raise interest rates sooner than expected it will be less disastrous for India than other emerging markets because macros have improved significantly.
It would be any time before the second half of 2015 when the Fed will start to increase interest rate. Higher U.S. interest rate or expectation of that will definitely have some impact on emerging markets in the form of capital outflows. So, yes we may see some correction in emerging markets.
"Now for India, economic situation is much better than it was 2-3 quarters ago. India has taken some of the major steps as compared to its EM peers to control currency movement and increase in foreign exchange reserves ," said Sutapa Roy, Research Analyst-Economy at Microsec Capital Ltd.
"Only in recent past Indian market hit the all-time high. So correction will definitely be there but not as much as we see in 2013 as fundamentals are better now," he added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 1.59 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged higher by 2.5 per cent.
Sun Pharma (up 2.06 per cent), HDFC (up 3.08 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (up 3.06 per cent), BHEL (up 2.9 per cent) and L&T (up 2.5 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
HUL (down 1.6 per cent), Infosys (down 0.72 per cent) and M&M (down 0.14 per cent) were the major index losers.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Century Textiles Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 620 and a stop loss of Rs 586
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1100 and a stop loss of Rs 1037
UPL Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 365 and a stop loss of Rs 344
Sun Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 835 and a stop loss of Rs 800
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 290
Wipro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 590 and a stop loss of Rs 568
Allahabad Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 135 and a stop loss of Rs 120
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 158 and a stop loss of Rs 143
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Hero MotoCorp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2955 and a stop loss of Rs 2880
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1685 and a stop loss of Rs 1625
PFC Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 251
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Gujarat Fluorochemicals Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 700 and a stop loss of Rs 650
Siemens Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 920 and a stop loss of Rs 682
Tata Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 520 and a stop loss of Rs 501
Gaurav S. Ratnaparkhi, Technical Analyst at Sharekhan Ltd
Adani Enterprises Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 520 and a stop loss of Rs 480
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2750 and a stop loss of Rs 2560
BHEL is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 233 and a stop loss of Rs 217
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2690 and a stop loss of Rs 2540
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3790 and a stop loss of Rs 3620
Bajaj Auto Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2470 and a stop loss of Rs 2290
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mercedes  Audi obtain permits for self-drivi...Mercedes-Benz, the luxury brand of Daimler AG, has received one of the first California licenses for self-driving cars, the company said on Thursday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
California issued its first 29 permits this week to three companies to test self-driving cars on public roads, state officials said on Thursday.
Google Inc got permits for testing 25 adapted Toyota Motor Corp Lexus SUVs, and two permits each went to Daimler AG's Mercedes-Benz and Volkswagen AG's Audi, said Bernard Soriano of the California Department of Motor Vehicles.
Lexus, Mercedes-Benz and Audi are all luxury brand vehicles.
Soriano said Audi was the first to apply for the permits, followed by Daimler and then Google. All the permits were issued on Tuesday, the first day they were required by California, which has the largest population of any U.S. state.
A few other automakers and first-tier automotive suppliers are in the process of filing for the permits, said Soriano on Thursday.
Autonomous car testing has been under way in California for several years without the permits, but the state's legislature has made permits a requirement for them to run on public roads.
Among the California requirements to get a permit is the ability of test drivers to be able to take command of an autonomous vehicle at any time.
Mercedes-Benz engineers will "teach" the autonomous cars how to operate safely on US roads using different methods than are used in the testing and development of the cars in Germany , according to officials at Daimler and Mercedes-Benz.
Daimler and Volkswagen are both based in Germany, and Goggle is based in Silicon Valley in California.
Audi said it was the first automaker to obtain a license for an autonomous car in Nevada, in 2012.

Snapdeal to double engineers to tap mobile c...You are here: Home > Collections > Engineers
Snapdeal to double engineers to 700 to tap mobile commerce
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 09.13PM IST
Tags:
co-founder
(The company has shifted…)
MUMBAI: Leading online retailer Snapdeal is increasing focus on mobile commerce, where it will be doubling its engineering staff count to 700 soon as it sees over 90 per cent of business coming in through this platform over the next three years, its co-founder said today.
Accordingly, the company has shifted half of its 350 engineers from PC to mobile commerce following the massive jump in traffic on this platform till last year. It has also seen mobile commerce soaring to 60 per cent this year from paltry 5 per cent last year.
"Our mobile commerce grew just 5 per cent last year but now we are witnessing a growth of 60 per cent. We are hopeful of receiving 75 per cent of our orders through mobile commerce within the next one year and 90 per cent over next three years," Snapdeal co-founder Kunal Bahl told PTI on the sidelines of the India Retail Forum here.
"We have plans to increase the number of our engineering staff to 700 within six months' time from the currently existing mark of 350," he added.
At present, 50,000 businesses are selling their products by using the Snapdeal platform. However, it is expected that around 10 lakh businesses will be using our marketplace over the next three years, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blow to Phones 4U debt-for-equity swap© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/57222096-3f4b-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Two cheers for ScottishindependenceMany arguments have been advanced by both the proponents and detractors of Scottish independence.(
Written by Vinay Lal | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:47 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 8:22 am
Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;/ Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world”, so William Butler Yeats famously wrote in his much-quoted poem, “The Second Coming”. Some in Britain, contemplating the prospects of the dissolution of the Union of England, Scotland and Wales, effected in 1707 and modified in the 20th century to accommodate the Unionists in Northern Ireland, are warning of the impending anarchy if a majority of Scots have cast a ballot in favour of independence in Thursday’s referendum.
The beauty of the ballot, which asked voters, “Should Scotland be an independent country?”, and then signalled their choice with a “yes” or “no”, resides in its simplicity; and it is precisely this simplicity which is no doubt the envy of many around the world — among others, Palestinians, Kurds, Basques, Kashmiris, Nagas, Texans, even some Californians and, if we may constitute such people as a “nation”, the gun-toting fanatics of the National Rifle Association in the US — who would certainly like to weigh in on the question of their independence.
However, the simplicity of the Scottish referendum resides in other considerations, too: watching developments in Libya, Iraq, and Syria, one admires the Scots for attempting to settle this question through something other than the gun. The Scottish referendum, if nothing else, gives one hope that American-style electoral democracy, a furious sound show signifying absolutely nothing except the lifelessness of an American politics that has been consumed in equal measure by money and sheer stupidity, is not the last word in electoral politics.
Many arguments have been advanced by both the proponents and detractors of Scottish independence. Not surprisingly, nearly all the arguments that have been encountered in mainstream media verge on the economic and what might be called the narrowly political. England’s three major political parties have spoken in one voice in suggesting that the dissolution of the Union will be a major blow to Scotland itself. It has been argued that bereft of its union with England, Scotland would experience the loss of jobs, the British pound, and the flight of capital; as a small nation-state, it is likely to become quite invisible and would be without the benefit of the political and economic security umbrella under which it is presently sheltered.
The advocates of Scottish independence argue otherwise, insisting, before anything else, that Scots must be in a position to decide their own future and political outcomes. Scotland’s priorities, argue the proponents of independence, are poorly reflected in the constitution of the British government. There is little appetite in Scotland, for instance, for foreign wars, and a good many people would be only too happy to be rid of the nuclear submarine base. Scotland has 59 members of parliament in Westminster but only one belongs to British Prime Minister David Cameron’s ruling Tory party. On the economic front, the cheerleaders for Scottish independence have argued that the Scots are much more hospitable towards the idea of a welfare state than the English, and working-class support for Scottish independence is particularly high. The notion that revenues from the North Sea oil and natural gas fields would, in the event of independence, be used only on projects for the advancement of the Scots is often trumpeted as the clinching argument, though it is germane to point out that the $8 billion in North Sea energy revenues that the British government received in 2013 amount to only about 3 per cent of the Scottish economy.
If there is to be a compelling argument for Scottish independence, it must surely emanate from the tortuous history of the Union and the brutality with which the Scots were treated by the English for the greater part of two centuries. To suggest this is by no means to excuse the Scots from the part they played in forging the British empire; indeed, they occupied a disproportionately prominent role in Indian administration. But it is perhaps a truism that only those who have been brutalised go on to brutalise others, and the first principle for the student of colonialism is to come to the awareness that the English did not practise in their colonies in Asia or Africa anything that they had not first tested out on their subjects in Scotland and Ireland. A few fragments of this history are essential to convey the enormity of English injustice.
Following the Jacobite uprising of 1745, an attempt by “Bonnie Prince Charlie” to win the British crown for the Stuarts, Scottish Highland clansmen, who aided in this failed attempt, had to bear the burden of callous retribution. What the English effected in Scotland was nothing short of ethnic cleansing: the clan system was destroyed and the English struck at the heart of the Scottish way of life. The tartan plaid and kilt were banned by the Act of Proscription of 1746-47. In the precise language of the act, which would not allow for any lesser penalties, the offence of wearing Highland clothing would attract “imprisonment, without bail, during the space of six months, and no longer; and being convicted of a second offence” would make the offender “liable to be transported”. Highlanders were deprived of the right to own arms. Gaelic could no longer be taught in schools. One might easily add to this list of persecutions, but nothing summarises better what would become the pacification — an ugly word, which describes well how colonial powers acted with utter disregard for human life in their colonies — of the Scots than what is known to historians as the “Highland Clearances”, which led to the mass-scale removal of the population of the Highlands, leaving it, wrote the popular historian John Prebble, “void of most, possibly 85-90 per cent, of its people, trees and forests.”
In his charming but now little-read book, Two Cheers for Democracy, E.M. Forster, while championing English-style democracy over other forms of government, withheld the third cheer. The English, he argued, had one insufferable vice: hypocrisy. How far this is peculiar to the English rather than a common condition afflicting a good deal of humankind is a question that need not be addressed at the moment.
Taking my cue from Forster, the argument for Scottish independence deserves two cheers. England, frankly, has not been humbled enough — its immigration policies continue to be rotten, its visa regimes for citizens of its former colonies are not merely absurdly insulting but draconian, its disdain for the contributions of its own working class to the shaping of a humane society is appalling, and virulent racism is encountered in nearly every aspect of English life. The non-violent break-up of Great Britain is a most desirable thing; one hopes that if the referendum for Scottish independence succeeds, it will be a prelude to even more desirable outcomes, such as the break-up of the US, which is far too big and powerful for its own good and certainly for the good of the rest of the world.
Second, no arguments are too strong for the devolution of power, the decentralisation of authority, and autonomy for people who might choose their independence for ethnic, religious, linguistic, or other reasons. There is an optimum size for a nation-state, and a great many nation-states are already far too big to both be governed efficiently and at the same time give all their people equal opportunities.
Nevertheless, there is something to be wary about in the demand for Scottish independence: nationalism is almost always accompanied by a diminishing capacity for self-reflection. When the Union dissolves, who will the Scot set herself up against to know better her own self?
This is the problem that nationalism has not yet been able to resolve, and there is little to suggest that Scottish independence will yield new wisdom on this old and intractable problem.
The writer is professor of history at UCLA.
Taking my cue from Forster, the argument for Scottish independence deserves two cheers.

3 months ago  there was a ModiwaveAn activist roots for the Sena-BJP mahayuti. (Source: IE photo by Prashant Nadkar)
Written by Gautam Sandip Mengle | Mumbai | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:34 am
Over the past few days, the Shiv Sena’s mouthpiece Saamna has emerged a barometer of the mood between the party and its ally the BJP. Saamna has also mocked Prithviraj Chavan and attacked Hafiz Saeed.
Wave and wane
Front page, September 15: “That there isn’t a Modi wave now in the state has been claimed by a BJP leader himself. In the Lok Sabha elections three months ago, there was a Modi wave sweeping the country. Now, for the Vidhan Sabha elections, there is a wave of support for Pankaja Munde… Rajiv Pratap Rudy has said clearly.”
Chavan and Uddhav
Editorial, September 15: “Those who beat the drums of their own experience led Maharashtra to the brink of bankruptcy, right? So Prithvirajbaba, on your way out, don’t make a joke out of yourself. Without any experience, you warmed the top seat of a big state like Maharashtra. That has benefited neither that seat nor the state.”
(After CM Prithviraj Chavan pointed out Uddhav Thackeray’s lack of experience in administration)
Madrasas and terror
Editorial, September 16: “Proof of this (link between madrasas and terror) has emerged many times. Madrasas give religious education and in today’s competitive world, is this of any use? Not at all. They fill youngsters’ minds with bitterness, anger. What nationalist lessons and what patriotic songs are taught there? The maulvis should clarify.”
Modi and bypolls
Editorial, September 17: “Connections should not be made between the bypolls and the Modi wave. One must understand that Lok Sabha elections and state bypolls are different. Winds blow differently for every election, and they keep changing after every result…
“The results are as astonishing as they are unexpected. There will doubtless be political echoes of these bypoll results, but there have also been cries of the ‘Modi wave’ receding….  It would not be correct to fix responsibility on the Modi wave if gram panchayat elections have a different result. Modi has been working par excellence at national and international levels…
Floods & Hafiz Saeed
Editorial, September 18: “It is with the objective of sullying the positive atmosphere created among our Muslim brethren in J&K by the armed forces’ work that such statements have been made… It is because Indian political leaders have not stemmed the forked tongue of separatists and jihadi leaders such as Hafiz Saeed that the separatists’ venom continues unabated.”
(After Saeed blamed India for floods in Pakistan)

The allies carrying Sena-BJP hopes on Pawars westernturfPrint
Raju Shetti: Defeated NCP senior Nivedita Mane by 1.5 lakh votes in Hatkanangle
Written by Manoj Dattatrye More | Mumbai/pune | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:26 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 12:28 am
One seized a Lok Sabha constituency from the NCP in the heart of Sharad Pawar’s western Maharashtra bastion in 2009, then defended it convincingly this year. Another challenged Pawar’s daughter Supriya Sule in Pawar’s own Baramati, and polled 4.51 lakh votes to her 5.21 lakh, reducing her winning margin from 2.5 lakh votes to under 70,000.
It’s little wonder that Raju Shetti and Mahadev Jankar will play a key role in the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance as  Pawar baiters in western Maharashtra. Their parties, Shetti’s Swabhimani Paksha and Jankar’s Rashtriya Samaj Paksha, may together contest barely a dozen seats, but the Sena-BJP expects them to give the NCP a run for its money in its bastion.
“I want to end the Sharad Pawar pattern of politics,” declares Jankar. “People are donating cash and in kind, somebody wants to help with a party office, somebody else wants to help with a rented helicopter. The truth is that people have seen through the Pawars’ duplicity.
They use the name of Shahu-Phule-Ambedkar, but people of communities such as the Dhangars and Malis have not progressed at all.” He says members of these communities often make it to the post of vice-president and chairman of the sugar cooperatives that the Pawars control, but never rise beyond that. “The truth is that the Pawars are working for their own family members only.”
At 46, Jankar, who lives in a single room tenement in suburban Mumbai, where he says he does not so much as own a bed, says he will never marry; he wants to commit his life to serving people. “RSS members who worked with me during my Lok Sabha campaign were surprised how similar my political position is to that of Narendra Modi — no family, nobody to serve through my politics but the people,” he says.
It’s widely believed that if Jankar was to contest the assembly election, he could even unseat deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in the latter’s home constituency. But Jankar says he expects to go to the Rajya Sabha within 18 months if a Sena-BJP government assumes office in Maharashtra.
Shetti, 47, is equally ambitious, riding high on a very convincing win from Hatkanangle. He overcame a vicious campaign by the NCP-Congress to win by a massive margin of over 1.5 lakh votes from a seat that was with the NCP until 2009, when he unseated senior leader Nivedita Mane.
Shetti is seeking to establish himself as the new regional satrap in the sugar belt, ambitiously demanding, for his party men, 10 to 13 key seats in Kolhapur, Solapur, Sangli, Sangli and Ahmednagar districts.
Shetty’s political career started in 2001 when, despite a strong contest from mainstream parties and an established sugar lobby, he was elected a member of the Kolhapur Zilla Parishad. In 2004, he fought the assembly polls as continued…

Brandon Marshall Replies to Domestic Abuse Allegationsbrandon marshall replies to domestic abuse allegations
Player/coach: Mark Chrisman  Real Integrated TechnologyPlayer/coach: Mark Chrisman, Real Integrated Technology
Player/coach: Mark Chrisman, Real Integrated Technology
Mark Chrisman, CEO of Real Integrated Technology, says he prefers to be a "player/coach."
Mark Chrisman, CEO of Real Integrated Technology, says he prefers to be a "player/coach."

How launching under fire made this company strongerHow launching under fire made this company stronger
San Francisco's Old Mint
George Rose / Getty Images / 2009
The old Treasury Mint building is bathed in early morning light in San Francisco.
The old Treasury Mint building is bathed in early morning light in San Francisco. (George Rose / Getty Images / 2009)
By Darren Dahl, Inc.com
'We left a stable, healthy company that we referred to as the 'warm blanket' and went out into the cold.'
'By being lean and efficient, we've been profitable every year.'
When the company Ross Edwards worked for was sold, he and four colleagues, who all had shares, planned to use their proceeds to start Build Group in San Francisco. But the acquirers wouldn't give them their money unless they signed noncompetes, which they wouldn't do, so the men sued for the cash. The company countersued. Just when things couldn't get worse, the recession hit. Yet without these challenges, Build Group wouldn't have grown as strong.
San Francisco cable car
Justin Sullivan / Getty Images / 2013
Cable Cars sit idle at the historic Cable Car Barn and Powerhouse in San Francisco.
Cable Cars sit idle at the historic Cable Car Barn and Powerhouse in San Francisco. (Justin Sullivan / Getty Images / 2013)
We left a stable, healthy company that we referred to as the “warm blanket” and went out into the cold. We didn't know just how cold it would get. It was hard enough  starting from scratch . We were used to having resources and getting credit from vendors. But we had to rebuild all of that.
Then, the lawsuit hit us. The construction business is all about people and cash. And, suddenly, we didn't have either. We had to be lean. We were used to having things such as secretaries and company cars. All of that went out the window.

Notion Ink makes a comeback with cheapest Intel-based Cain 2-in-1 PC at Rs 19 990Notion Ink makes a comeback with cheapest Intel-based Cain 2-in-1 PC at Rs 19,990
Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 18 2014, 17:41  IST
Sep 18 2014, 17:41  IST
 

Mattis on Iraq: You just dont take anything off the table up frontBy Dan Lamothe September 18 Follow @danlamothe
An image grab taken from a video uploaded to Youtube on June 12 allegedly shows Islamic State militants taking part in a military parade in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul. (YOUTUBBE VIA AFP)
The Obama administration’s new strategy for combating the Islamic State militant group terrorizing Iraq and Syria should not limit discussion of putting U.S. boots on the ground, and doesn’t go far enough overall, recently retired U.S. Gen. James Mattis told the House Intelligence Committee on Thursday.
“You just don’t take anything off the table up front, which it appears the administration has tried to do,” said Mattis, who served as the top U.S. general overseeing operations in the Middle East before leaving military service last year.
Mattis appeared before the House along with Ryan Crocker, who was previously posted as the top U.S. diplomat in Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan, and Dafna H. Rand, the deputy director of studies for the Center for a New American Security.
Mattis, who served 41 years in the Marine Corps, said the United States does not necessarily need to send ground troops into Iraq or Syria to engage in direct combat with the Islamic State. For all their brutality, “you don’t have to use the best military” against them because “these people aren’t that good,” the general said.
But broadcasting up front an unwillingness to use ground troops in Iraq, despite an expanded mission there, creates problems, both Mattis and Crocker said.
“Specifically, if this threat to our nation is determined to be as significant as I believe it is, we may not wish to reassure our enemies in advance that they will not see American ‘boots on the ground,’ ” Mattis said . “If a brigade of a our paratroopers or a battalion landing team of our Marines would strengthen our allies at a key juncture and create havoc/humiliation for our adversaries, then we should do what is necessary with our forces that exist for that very purpose.”
During a House hearing on Thursday, former gen. James Mattis, previously commander of U.S. Central Command, said Islamic State militants have captured America's focus right now but that it is important to keep a broader view of global terrorism. (AP)
Crocker added that he thought it would be best to embed U.S. Special Operations troops in Iraqi military units now. That was the same recommendation that Gen. Lloyd Austin, commander of U.S. Central Command, made to Obama before the president announced his new strategy against the Islamic State last week.
The testimony came during a week of heated discussion about the appropriate U.S. role in Iraq and whether “boots on the ground” should be employed . Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said Tuesday that he would recommend using U.S. troops in combat situations if the situation warranted it, leading the White House to quickly reinforce its commitment that the United States will not be not engaging in another ground war there.
Mattis said the Thursday that United States has allies in the Middle East who will likely send troops to assist in Iraq if “we put ourselves out there and lead.” He cited Jordan and the United Arab Emirates as examples.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Stock Gains Lift US Household Wealth to a RecordAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Ericsson to exit modem business; may impact ...You are here: Home > Collections > Ericsson
Ericsson to exit modem business; may impact 235 jobs in India
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 09.33PM IST
Tags:
Ericsson
(At present, Ericsson employs…)
NEW YORK: Telecom gear maker Ericsson will shut down its modems business to focus on other growth opportunities, a move that could impact as many as 1,582 people globally, including India.
India has the second highest number of employees after its headquarters in Sweden.
At present, Ericsson employs 1,582 employees at its modem division, with 689 in Sweden, India (235), Germany (216), China (206) and Finland (122).
Ericsson in a statement said: "It will discontinue future development of modems and shift parts of resources in modems to radio network R&D to better capture growth opportunities in this area."
The change in strategy for modems comes as the company completes its previously communicated evaluation of the future of the modems business, the NASDAQ-listed firm added.
"Discontinues development of LTE thin modems with the intent to reduce or redeploy workforce. Now entering into local co-determination negotiations with employee representatives to determine next steps," it said.
Ericsson's LTE multi-mode modems targets smartphones, tablets and other connected devices.
Modem enables a computer or a smart device to transmit data over telephone, cable lines, optic fibres, etc.
"In order to capture opportunities in radio networks, especially within small cells, energy efficiency and M2M, Ericsson has an immediate need to increase its R&D resources by approximately 500 people," the firm said.
Parts of the Modems organisation have a relevant R&D competence base to support this growth, it added.
On the impact, Ericsson said: "The execution of the announced change in strategic direction will commence during the fourth quarter 2014 and we still estimate the R&D cost for Modems to amount to approximately Swedish Krona 2.6 billion for the full year 2014."
The announcement will lead to a significant reduction in costs related to the modem business in the first half of 2015 and modems will have no impact on Group P&L from the second half of 2015, it added.
Ericsson took over the LTE thin modem operations as part of the break-up of the joint venture with ST Microelectronics in August 2013.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NOAA: Yet More Global Heat Records Fall in AugustAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Bhopal gas tragedy victims protest outside CMs residenceUpdated: September 21, 2014 19:24 IST
Bhopal gas tragedy victims protest outside CM’s residence
P.Sunderarajan
Tweet
Special Arrangement Survivors of the Bhopal gas disaster chain their hands during a protest demanding compensation, outside the residence of Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, in Bhopal on Thursday.
Special Arrangement Survivors of the Bhopal gas disaster during a protest demanding compensation, outside the residence of Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, in Bhopal on Thursday.
TOPICS
Bhopal
A group of survivors of the 1984 Bhopal gas tragedy and people living in the areas near the abandoned Union Carbide factory held a protest outside the residence of the Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister here on Thursday demanding adequate compensation and cleaning up of the factory site.
Some of the protestors resorted to a ‘die-in’ agitation — lying prone on the road with white bed sheets covering their body from the head to the toe — while others tied themselves together with a long chain.
Five organisations, working for the welfare of the disaster survivors, organised the agitation. They demanded that the government revise the death and injury figures in the curative petition pending before the Supreme Court and to intervene in the case relating to the cleaning up of the factory site being heard in the U.S. Federal Court.
“The State government has presented the figure of 15,348 deaths in all its official records, except in the curative petition where it has mentioned a figure of only 5,295 deaths. This needs to be corrected,” the agitators said. The revision, they explained, was required to ensure that relatives of every gas victim received the compensation amount of Rs. 5 lakh.
They also pointed out that the State government had not appeared before the US Federal Court, in spite of notices, to present all the facts of the case.
The five groups plan to hold a rally in Delhi later this year to highlight the “apathy” of Central and State governments towards the victims and those residing near the abandoned factory site even 30 years after the accident.
Correction

Congress takes dig at Modi: Dhokla at the time of troop incursionsThe Congress taunted the Narendra Modi government as the latter welcomed the Chinese President Xi Jinping, alleging that the Prime Minister is serving 'dhokla' to the visitor amid Chinese troop's incursions from the country.
 
Congress MP and its youth unit President Rajiv Satav tweeted, "Our jawans are injured in the firing by China and our PM is serving dhokla to its President. Is this what is called a 56 inches chest?"
 
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, however, had mentioned the border issues during his talks with Xi on Thursday.
 
In another tweet, Satav said, "On one side, China adamant on building roads in our borders; on other, they threatening Indo-Vietnam pact. Why 56 inch reduced to 56 mm?"
 
The barb aimed at Modi was seen as the Congress ploy to hit back as he had earlier accused the Congress of “biriyani diplomacy” with Pakistan. During his election campaign, Modi said at many rallies that the UPA government served biriyani to Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sahrif even as ceasefire was violated a the Line of Control.
 
Congress general secretary Shakeel Ahmed came out in support of Satav and accused BJP of "change of attitude". "Nation is watching with dismay the gimmick in change of attitude of BJP on Pak's ceasefire violations and Chinese incursions, after 16th, May," Ahmed tweeted.

Shah asks party workers to make Maharashtra BJP-yukt  ignores SenaSilent on Sena, Shah urges workers to bring BJP to power
Yogesh Joshi , Hindustan Times  Pune, September 18, 2014
First Published: 21:27 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:01 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
In a clear indication of the strained ties over seat-sharing talks, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah on Thursday refrained from mentioning alliance partner Shiv Sena in his address, and instead asked workers to concentrate on the party’s victory in the state Assembly elections.
The BJP president, who took a tour to western Maharashtra on Thursday, had in the morning urged the Sena to give in to their demand, suggesting that his party has taken two steps ahead and now it was the Sena’s turn to act. But by afternoon, there was a conspicuous change in the BJP president’s tone.
While addressing workers in Chaundi and Pune, Shah repeatedly asked them to take a pledge to bring the BJP to power, without mentioning the 25-year-old saffron alliance.  “I know the pulse of the people and can firmly say the BJP’s coming to power in Maharashtra is certain. The BJP will help regain the state’s pride.”
“The BJP wants an alliance, but not at the cost of its self-esteem,” said Shah, in Kolhapur, adding, “When I asked Devendra Fadnavis and Vinod Tawde about it [seat-sharing tiff], they told me they are making every effort, but there has been no response.”
Echoing the party president’s stand, BJP leader Vinod Tawde said, “We will give an answer once the Sena responds to the proposal.”
Both the BJP and Sena had, in the past, suggested that they could go it alone if their demands are not met. The BJP, after the resounding victory in the Lok Sabha, has upped the pressure on Shiv Sena and demanded equal number of seats. The party also wants the Sena to swap some seats, which they have never won. The Shiv Sena, on the other hand, has refused to give in. In the past, the Sena had contested 171 seats, while the BJP had fought 119 seats. 
Meanwhile, the smaller allies -- Swabhimani Shetakari Sanghatana and Republican Party of India – want the issue to be resolved at the earliest. “If the Sena-BJP fail to resolve the issue till September 21, we are free to decide our course,” said Swabhimani Shetakari Sanghatana chief Raju Shetti.

Fire risk causes Toyota to recall 2014 modelsFire risk causes Toyota to recall 2014 models
Toyota Camry
Toyota will recall some new Camrys, Highlanders, Avalons, Siennas and Lexus RXs with V6 engines.
Automakers have recalled about 46 million vehicles this year, a record for the industry
Fire risk prompts Toyota to recall some new models with V6 engines.
Toyota Motor Corp. said Thursday it will recall about 20,000 model year 2014 Avalon, Camry, Highlander and Sienna vehicles and model year 2015 Lexus RX sport-utility vehicles equipped with a certain engine.
The automaker said that in cars sold with its 2GR-FE V-6 engine, the end cap on the right-hand fuel delivery pipe in the engine compartment could have been insufficiently welded during manufacturing by the supplier. 
In that condition, fuel could leak from the fuel delivery pipe, increasing the risk of a vehicle fire, according to Toyota. 

Plan to reduce child deaths launchedNEW DELHI, September 19, 2014
Updated: September 19, 2014 02:29 IST
Plan to reduce infant mortality
Special Correspondent
Union Minister for Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Harsh Vardhan (centre) with Co-Chair and Trustee , BMGF, Bill Gates and Melinda Gates during the launch of India Newborn Action Plan, in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: S. Subramanium
TOPICS
social issue
It will be carried out with the extensive outreach mechanisms used for fighting polio
The Centre on Thursday launched a programme to reduce infant mortality and bring down the number of deaths to a single digit by 2030 from the current 29 deaths per 1,000 live births. The ‘India Newborn Action Plan (INAP),’ inaugurated by Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan, is the first step towards arresting infant deaths.
Asserting that India can reduce the deaths through “simple, cost-effective interventions” before and immediately after delivery, Dr. Vardhan said of the 2.8 million who die at birth worldwide, India contributes seven lakh. “These are preventable deaths and now we have an action plan to do it. I don’t believe in long-range targets. We must achieve our goal within a short time,” he said.
INAP has been prepared with the help of expertise drawn from distinguished members of a Technical Resource Group, he said, adding: “13.3 lakh children under the age of five years die in India and 7.56 lakh of them in their first month. We have studied in depth the reasons for these deaths and come out with comprehensive solutions.”
The programme will be implemented under the existing Reproductive, Maternal, Child Health and Adolescents Plus (RMNCHA+) framework. The Minister said it would be carried out with the extensive outreach mechanisms used for fighting polio.
Praising Bill Gates and Melinda Gates who were present on the occasion for their valuable support to India’s health programmes, particularly mother and child care, Dr. Vardhan said the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation was doing valuable work in the rural areas.
“Just as he revolutionised the basic human thought process through the personal computer revolution, Bill Gates has saved millions of lives by donating billions of dollars for transforming conditions of human existence. At a time when the anti-polio campaign was threatened for want of adequate funds, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation stepped in with help. They are invaluable partners in our fight against disease and death,” Dr. Vardhan said.
Mr. Gates, who is the Chair of the Foundation, said there were lessons to be learnt from India’s fight against polio, and these could be applied against other diseases also. He appreciated the efforts to expand the list of diseases under the Universal Immunisation Programme.
Ms. Gates, Co-Chair of the Foundation, said by launching INAP, India had shown leadership in addressing newborn and maternal mortality. “Healthy mothers and healthy children are crucial for India to realise the demographic dividend,” she added.

Consumer staples edge higher on ConAgra boostWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Love jihad on ABVP national meetagendaPrint
Written by Lalmani Verma | Lucknow | Posted: September 19, 2014 1:20 am
After BJP and RSS, it is now the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) that has listed ‘love jihad’ on its agenda for a two-day national workshop in Lucknow beginning Saturday.
The workshop, which will see, for the first time, participation of women members, will also take up for discussion issues such as live-in relationship, Valentine’s day, pub culture, women’s security and the need to develop leadership quality among girls.
“Issues of love jihad, live-in relationship, Valentine’s day, pub culture would be discussed in the workshop and views of the experts would be shared with the office-bearers. Lucknow has been selected as venue for the first such national workshop for women members of ABVP because incidents of crime against women like eve-teasing and rape have increased in UP,” said Dharampal Singh, ABVP’s regional organisation secretary, UP and Uttarakhand.
The organisation has sent invitations to Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan, Union ministers Maneka Gandhi and Smriti Irani, pugilist Mary Kom, first female amputee to climb Mount Everest Arunima Sinha, and Indian Audit and Account Services (IAAS) officer Subhashini for panel discussion.

Jaya rejects UGC circular onHindiPrint
Express News Service | Chennai | Posted: September 19, 2014 1:08 am
Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday said the Centre’s circular introducing Hindi along with English as a main language at graduation-level was illegal.
The circular was issued by the Home Ministry’s official language (Rajbhasha) department last week after it was formulated during the previous UPA regime.
Later in the day, the University Grants Commission clarified that the wording of the circular was “inadvertent” and that the circular was a “mistake”.
The circular asked the universities to inform the UGC of their responses to make Hindi the main language at graduation-level.
Attacking the Centre’s directive, Jayalalithaa said that any such move is unacceptable. “The decision taken by the Central Hindi Committee would not bind the universities of Tamil Nadu. We have already advised the state-run universities to inform the UGC in this regard,” she said.
Criticising DMK chief M Karunanidhi for not raising objections against the circular when the Central Hindi Committee took the decision at a time his party was part of UPA, Jayalalithaa said Karunanidhi remained mum as he feared that it would affect the cases against Kanimozhi, who was in Tihar jail at the time. “Karunanidhi had mortgaged Tamil for Kanimozhi,” the CM said.
UGC chairman Ved Prakash, on the other hand, has said the circular was only meant to be an “advisory” suggesting states teach Commerce and Law in Hindi as well.
“The circular is a mistake and there has been an inadvertent error. It says that at the UG level, Hindi and English should both be taught as primary subjects. But that is not what we meant to say at all,” he told The Indian Express.

News Corp takes Google fight to BrusselsNews Corp takes Google fight to Brussels
By Matthew Garrahan in New York, Richard Waters in San Francisco and Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/82734430-3f52-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK publishers call for probe into AmazonPublishers call for UK antitrust inquiry into Amazon
By Henry Mance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aaf23518-3f36-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ISIS Video Shows Captive British Journalist John Cantlieisis video shows captive british journalist john cantlie
HUL rejigs structure to win in many IndiasHUL rejigs structure to win in many Indias
China dashes $100-bn hope  to invest $20 bn over 5 yearsChina dashes $100-bn hope  to invest $20 bn over 5 years
Supreme Court asks govt to clarify stand on gas pricingSupreme Court asks govt to clarify stand on gas pricing
India seeks action against Fed taperIndia seeks action against Fed taper
China to power fast trains on Chennai-Mysore routeChina to power fast trains on Chennai-Mysore route
ICEX shareholders attempt to revive commodity exchangeICEX shareholders attempt to revive commodity exchange
Raise policy rate to contain inflation: IMF to Reserve Bank of IndiaRaise policy rate to contain inflation: IMF to Reserve Bank of India
Tata Capital Housing Fin eyes Rs 4 000-cr affordable loan bookTata Capital Housing Fin eyes Rs 4 000-cr affordable loan book
US Fed s hawkish stance won t affect rupee muchUS Fed s hawkish stance won t affect rupee much
Tenorshare Updates iPhone Data Recovery with iOS 8 and iPhone 6/6 Plus supportedTenorshare Updates iPhone Data Recovery with iOS 8 and iPhone 6/6 Plus supported
Apple Inc s new iOS 8 software bug affects health apps on iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus  iPadsFE editor's picks
Apple Inc's new iOS 8 software bug affects health apps on iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, iPads
Associated Press | New York | Published:  Sep 18 2014, 17:35  IST
Sep 18 2014, 17:35  IST
 

Chinese lenders ink pacts with SBI and ICICI...Axis Bank
("State Bank of India and…)
NEW DELHI: Export-Import Bank of China (China Exim Bank) and China Development Bank Corporation (CDB) today signed various agreements with SBI, ICICI Bank and Axis Bank to facilitate trade between the two countries.
SBI signed an agreement with China Exim Bank for a Line of Credit of $ 1.8 billion for imports of raw material, energy, equipment, mechanical and electronic products, among others from China.
"State Bank of India and The Export Import Bank of China signed a framework agreement for a Line of Credit of $ 1.8 billion to be offered by The Exim Bank of China .
"The Line of Credit will be utilised for projects involving imports of Chinese raw materials, energy, equipment, mechanical and electronic products... any other projects mutually agreed by the two banks," SBI said in a release.
Private lender ICICI Bank signed an agreement with China Exim Bank for $ 1 billion to facilitate short-term and long-term credit lines to ICICI Bank for financing purchase and import of Chinese products and services by its clients.
"The credit lines may also be utilised to support the cooperation between Chinese and Indian enterprises in natural resources, energy exploration and construction contracting projects," ICICI Bank said in a release.
ICICI Bank also signed a MoU with CDB for strengthening commercial and economic ties and setting up a mechanism to facilitate mutual trade and investment opportunities.
"The MoU seeks to reinforce the economic and trade relationship between China and India, and to promote economic development of their respective countries," it added.
Axis Bank signed a MoU with CDB to cater to requirements of Chinese companies operating in India.
"The MoU would help Axis Bank to support its corporate clients by funding them at competitive pricing and also give the bank an opportunity to work closely with Chinese companies in facilitating them in their domestic requirements in India," Axis Bank said in a statement.
FEATURED ARTICLES

S&P hits record on Federal Reserve support; financials leadS&P hits record on Federal Reserve support; financials lead
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 10.30PM IST
0
Share More
 King Lip said the Fed statement was giving support to Wall Street and relative valuations could continue to push money towards US stocks.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks were rising in late morning trading on Thursday, with the S&P 500 hitting a record high a day after the US Federal Reserve renewed its commitment to keeping interest rates low.
The Fed said Wednesday at the conclusion of a two-day policy meeting it would keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," language supportive of equities which some had expected to be dropped from the statement.
However, the central bank's outlook included forecasts for higher-than-expected rates in 2015 and 2016, which helped financial stocks lead gains on Wall Street.
US housing starts and permits fell in August, but upward revisions to the prior month's data suggested the housing market continued to gradually improve. Separate data showing a sharp drop in the number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits last week suggested the slowdown in job growth last month was probably an aberration.
"Data says the US economy continues to chug along," said King Lip, chief investment officer at Baker Avenue Asset Management in San Francisco .
He said the Fed statement was giving support to Wall Street and relative valuations could continue to push money towards US stocks.
"Right now the best-looking asset class is equities."
The Dow Jones industrial average was rising 89.04 points, or 0.52 per cent, to 17,245.89, the S&P 500 was gaining 8.59 points, or 0.43 per cent, to 2,010.16 and the Nasdaq Composite was adding 24.17 points, or 0.53 per cent, to 4,586.36.
The S&P hit a high of 2,011.79.
The largest per centage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Penn West Petroleum , rising 9.27 per cent, while the largest percentage decliner was USEC Inc, down 20.76 per cent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Bank of America , up 1.50 per cent to $17.02; Rite Aid Corp , down 17.02 per cent to $5.51, after it cut its full-year profit forecast for a second time this year; and GE, up 0.92 per cent to $26.29.
On the Nasdaq, Yahoo, down 1.7 per cent to $41.89; Vivus Inc, up 16.2 per cent to $4.51; and Apple Inc , up 0.5 per cent to $102.06, were among the most actively traded.
Vivus rose after an erectile-dysfunction drug it co-developed was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration.
Advancing issues were outnumbering declining ones on the NYSE by 1,895 to 1,034, for a 1.83-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,695 issues were rising and 883 falling for a 1.92-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 44 new 52-week highs and 7 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 58 new highs and 35 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Americans aren t eating their WheatiesAmericans aren't eating their Wheaties
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN September 18, 2014: 2:02 PM ET
Cereal sales have gotten soaked in recent years.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Apparently Americans are not eating their Wheaties.
Cereal sales at the some of the nation's largest food manufacturers have gone stale lately as consumers' appetites shift toward healthier breakfast options.
In its quarterly earnings presentation Wednesday, General Mills ( GIS ) reported that sales for its U.S. cereal business, which is made up of such brands as Cheerios, Lucky Charms, and Wheaties, dropped 9% from a year ago.
And Kellogg ( K ), maker of iconic names include Frosted Flakes, Rice Krispies, and Fruit Loops, called the cereal segment in developed markets "challenging" in its most recent earnings release. Post Holdings ( POST ), the maker of Honey Bunches of Oats and Raisin Bran, among other labels, also experienced a cereal sales decline last quarter.
Related: Kellogg's echoes rival in green initiative
Investors have taken notice. Kellogg is one of the stocks with the most "sell" ratings from Wall Street analysts. Kellogg and Generals Mills shares are down about 7% in the last three months while Post has tanked 30% over that period.
To be sure, the watered cereal down results aren't necessarily a new trend. According to market research firm Mintel, cold cereal sales in the U.S. have fallen 6% in the past two years. People are shifting to protein rich items like yogurt and breakfast sandwiches that tend to keep people satisfied longer, Mintel found.
Americans are still eating a lot of breakfast, according to Justin Massa, CEO of Food Genius, a Chicago-based firm that analyzes food trends for the restaurant industry.
He said that in the last nine months, there's been a 5% increase in the number of restaurant locations offering breakfast, which he describes as "pretty dramatic" considering that restaurants traditionally don't change too quickly.
"More and more of us are eating breakfast every day, we're just not eating cereal," he said.
While there's been some hope in the food industry that cereal can make a comeback by offering more healthier, fiber-dense breakfast options, Massa is skeptical that cereal can return to its golden years."It's an uphill battle, because at the end of the day it's still a starchy breakfast," he asserted.
Related: Supercombos and 'Big Slabs:' Nine unhealthiest restaurant meals
Still, there are some positive signs in the cereal business.
Emerging market sales, for instance, have grown notably in recent years, especially in the Asia-Pacific region, according to a report earlier this year from Transparency Market Research. Better brand visibility, an increase in the number of convenience stores, and rising incomes are all benefiting cereal makers there.
And a funny thing is happening in the cereal industry. Even as many cereal brands experience a sugar crash, Cinnamon Toast Crunch sales jumped 7% last quarter after General Mills boosted the amount of cinnamon it uses in the product.
"There's this odd dichotomy of people being very healthy at times, but then very indulgent at others," Massa claimed. "People will go into a restaurant and order a salad and a milkshake."
 
How cereal boxes are wooing kids
There's also an element of sentimentality when it comes to breakfast cereal, which many Americans consider a staple of their childhoods.
Cinnamon Toast Crunch is a "pretty delicious, decadent breakfast treat," Massa said. "For me it's that and Cookie Crunch."
First Published: September 18, 2014: 2:02 PM ET
Most Popular

RBI needs to raise policy rates to bring down inflation: International Monetary FundE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Virbhadra denies role in takeover of BhushanslandPrint
Express News Service | Shimla | Posted: September 19, 2014 1:43 am
The day after Deputy Commissioner Kangra C Paulrasu ordered confiscation of Prashant Bhushan’s land, Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh rejected the Supreme Court lawyer’s claim that the move was ordered in response to the PIL he had filed against Virbhadra in Delhi High Court.
“I am sorry to say that a person like Prashant Bhushan, who enjoys a high status in the society, behaves in a manner uncalled for and issues statements which are baseless,” said Virbhadra. He added that the order of the District Collector’s court was incidental and had no connection with the PIL filed a few months back.
Virbhadra said the notice to Prashant Bhushan’s Kumud Bhushan Education Society was issued by Deputy Commissioner Kangra during the BJP regime in 2012 as the Bhushans allegedly had not used the land for the purpose the state government granted it.     ENS

World population may hit 11 billion by 2100:...READ MORE ON » world population | UN
The bulk of the growth was anticipated in Africa, where the population is expected to rise from one billion today to four billion by the end of the century.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The world population may grow larger than previously estimated, reaching 11 billion people by century's end, according to a UN-led analysis published today.
That would mean two billion more people on Earth than expected by 2100, largely due to high birth rates in Africa, said the report in the US journal Science.
"The consensus over the past 20 years or so was that world population, which is currently around seven billion, would go up to nine billion and level off or probably decline," said co-author Adrian Raftery, professor of statistics and of sociology at the University of Washington.
"We found there's a 70 percent probability the world population will not stabilize this century," he added.
The study is uses the most recent United Nations population data, released in July, and employs Bayesian statistics to combine all available information to generate better predictions.
Previous estimates typically relied on expert opinions about how life expectancy and fertility rates would change over time.
"Earlier projections were strictly based on scenarios, so there was no uncertainty," said UN demographer Patrick Gerland.
"This work provides a more statistically driven assessment that allows us to quantify the predictions, and offer a confidence interval that could be useful in planning."
The bulk of the growth was anticipated in Africa, where the population is expected to rise from one billion today to four billion by the end of the century.
"There is an 80 per cent chance that the population in Africa at the end of the century will be between 3.5 and 5.1 billion people," said the study.
While Africa is expected to boom in size, some populations are expected to peak or shrink, the study said.
Asia, now at 4.4 billion, is projected to peak at around 5 billion people in 2050 and then start to decline.
North America, Europe, and Latin America and the Caribbean are all expected to remain under one billion each.
More people on Earth will likely exacerbate problems such as climate change, infectious diseases and poverty.
"Population, which had sort of fallen off the world's agenda, remains a very important issue," said Raftery.
Two methods that have been shown to decrease population are wider access to birth control and the education of girls and women.

China licence delay hits iPhone launchApple’s iPhone 6 debut in China delayed by regulators
By Charles Clover in Beijing and Reuters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/be699b66-3f47-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dow stocks with the most upside leftDow stocks with the most upside left
By: Matt Krantz September 17, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
It’s easy to kick yourself if you missed the Dow’s run this year — sprinting past 17,000 and pushing toward new high ground. But Wall Street analysts still see Dow stocks with upside.
Analysts are calling for greater than 10% gains by five stocks in the Dow Jones industrial average over the next 18 months, including Boeing (BA) , United Technology (UTX) and Visa (V) , according to a USA TODAY analysis of data from S&P Capital IQ. If these experts are right, these stand to be some of the next winners from the Dow’s recent run.
Aerospace leader Boeing is the Dow stock that analysts have the highest hopes for. Analysts currently are holding a $152 average price target on the stock, which would be a 19% increase from Tuesday’s close of $127.32. Part of the big upside is a result of the fact Boeing stock has been lagging this year. Shares are off 6.7%. But analysts are looking for profit to rise 14% this year and the company has been making progress with NASA projects .
Chart source: MSN Money
Another Dow stock analysts see the most upside from its United Technologies, a diversified manufacturer of everything from helicopters to elevators. Analysts are calling for an 18-month price target of $126.72, which is 17% higher than Tuesday’s close. This potential upside appears to be one part growth but one part valuation. Earnings are expected to be up 9% in 2014, which isn’t earth-shattering. But the stock is trading at 17 times its past 12 months of earnings, which is still slightly below the market’s roughly 18 P-E multiple.
Chart source: MSN Money
If there’s a cynical look at these stocks, though, it’s important to note that all of them are down for the year. It’s possible that these stocks have the most upside, simply because not have participated in the rally so far.
Company

Alibaba IPO steamrolling these tech stocksAlibaba IPO steamrolling these tech stocks
By: Matt Krantz September 17, 2014 12:28 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Ever since Alibaba filed its IPO registration statement, it’s been like an elephant jumping in the pool. Investors holding other Chinese tech stocks can’t help but think if there will be a better bet soon.
Nearly half, 21, of the 51 Chinese tech stocks that trade on major U.S. exchanges have lost value since Alibaba filed its initial public offering plan on May 6.
Clearly, it’s impossible to draw a straight line from Alibaba’s IPO filing with the sinking performance of these Chinese tech stocks. But some of these stocks drops are huge, serving up a warning of the perils of investing in the sector. Chinese tech stocks aren’t for the weak of heart, a warning investors are well to remember as the Alibaba IPO nears its launch this week.
The biggest loser is Sungy Mobile (GOMO) , which is down 58% since May 6. The company is in a hot area of technology, making apps and devices that work with smartphones. But the reality hasn’t matched the story. The company reported a quarterly profit of 58 cents a share in the June quarter, missing expectations by 31%.
Chart source: MSN Money
And there’s NQ Mobile (NQ) . The company provides mobile security and privacy tools. The field is hot, but the stock is not. Shares of NQ Mobile are down 50% since Alibaba filed its IPO statement. Here, the problem is lack of credibility with investors that bet against stocks. The company has been targeted by short sellers, such as Muddy Waters, saying the company’s numbers were suspect. The company is also way behind in reporting its statements. On April 10, the company finally reported results for the December quarter. It reported a profit of 22 cents a share, missing forecasts by 31%.
Chart source: MSN Money
Below are the worst performing Chinese information technology stocks since Alibaba filed its IPO prospectus:
Company

17 companies pay big fat raises to investors17 companies pay big fat raises to investors
By: Matt Krantz September 17, 2014 1:57 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Microsoft (MSFT) turned heads this week by boosting its dividend by 11%. That’s great, but it’s nowhere near the the mega-raises investors are getting from other companies.
There are 17 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including Bank of America (BAC) , construction materials seller Vulcan Materials (VMC) and measuring measurement gear maker Danaher (DHR) that have announced 50% or greater increases to their dividends this year, says Howard Silverblatt of S&P Dow Jones Indices.
Dividends are an increasingly popular way for companies to return a portion of their mounting piles of cash back to investors. And investors are responding positively. An equal-weighted custom index of the 17 S&P 500 companies that boosted dividends by 50% or more is up 11% this year, topping the 9% gain of the S&P 500.
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ
Many of the biggest hikes in dividends have been from banks. Many banks are in the process of restoring their once-fat dividends. Amid the financial crisis, banks were forced to slash their dividends to nothing in order to receive Federal financial assistance.
Two of the companies announced massive 400% increases to dividends. Bank of America told investors in August it was taking its dividend rate to 40 cents a share, up from 4 cents a share. It had tried to boost the dividend earlier, back in March, but needed to get regulator approval first.
Investors also got a whopper of a raise from Vulcan. The company in February told investors it was boosting its dividend rate to 20 cents a share, up from 4 cents a share.
While workers may be having trouble boosting their income, investors in the right place are enjoying big raises. And if corporate profits continue to mount, there could be even more coming.
Company

Senator blasts revolving door from D.C. to Wall StreetEMAIL
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass. (Alex Wong, Getty Images)
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a longtime Wall Street critic, is standing by her criticism of former House majority leader Eric Cantor’s move to an investment bank .
In an op-ed column for the Huffington Post, the Massachusetts Democrat said Cantor “isn’t the exception — he’s the rule” as she went on to denounce a revolving door between Washington and Wall Street that she argues gives financial institutions a huge voice in economic policymaking.
“When former congressmen call, when a senator’s ex-chief of staff is on the line, when someone who worked on the Banking Committee for years calls, it’s hard to ignore them,” Warren wrote. “Relationships matter, and anyone who doubts that Wall Street’s outsized influence in Washington has watered down our government’s policies toward still-too-big-to-fail banks isn’t paying attention.”
Warren, who helped launch the federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau before her successful Senate run in 2012, has become a favorite of the progressive movement. She has said she’s not interested in running for president in 2016, despite entreaties from those looking for an alternative to Hillary Rodham Clinton.
Her op-ed column was prompted, in part, by criticism from former congressman Anthony Weiner. He called her original comments about Cantor’s move to Moelis & Co. an “overblown critique” that was also “petty.”
 

The Key Takeaways From Yellen s News ConferenceThe Key Takeaways From Yellen's News Conference
The Key Takeaways From Yellen's News Conference
Sept. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg's Peter Cook recaps Fed Chair Janet Yellen's news conference. He speaks on "Street Smart." (Source: Bloomberg)
Sept. 17 (Bloomberg) -- Bloomberg's Peter Cook recaps Fed Chair Janet Yellen's news conference. He speaks on "Street Smart." (Source: Bloomberg)

Scottish vote for independence | Facts and f...Scotland votes in independence referendum to seal the United Kingdom's fate
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 12.29PM IST
"Scotland's future must be in Scotland's hands," Salmond said in Perth, a city in eastern Scotland 460 miles (740 km) north of London.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
EDINBURGH: Scots began voting in an independence referendum on Thursday that will decide the fate of the United Kingdom , after opinion polls showed hundreds of thousands of them were still agonizing over whether to stay with the 307-year union or back secession.
In the final hours before polling stations opened, leaders of both sides urged Scots to seize the reins of history in a vote that has divided families, friends and lovers but also electrified this country of 5.3 million.
From the remote Scottish islands of the Atlantic to the toughest city estates of Glasgow, voters are being asked to answer "Yes" or "No" to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?"
"This is an historic day for Scotland. I've waited all my life for this. It's time to break with England. 'Yes' to independence," said a businessman who gave his name as Ron and was the first person to vote at Edinburgh's Waverley Court.
As he spoke, a couple of workers hurrying by in the morning mist and drizzle shouted "Vote No!"
Five surveys - from pollsters YouGov, Panelbase, Survation, Opinium and ICM - showed support for independence at 48 percent, compared with 52 percent for the union.
An Ipsos MORI poll showed it even closer at 49 per cent to 51 per cent, while a second Survation poll, conducted by phone, showed unionists at 53 per cent and separatists at 47 per cent.
Page 1 of 3

Judge dismisses suit over CVS severance agreementJudge dismisses suit over CVS severance agreement
CVS
Olivier Douliery, McClatchy-Tribune
A federal judge on Thursday dismissed a closely watched civil lawsuit against CVS Caremark that challenged the drugstore chain's severance agreement.
A federal judge on Thursday dismissed a closely watched civil lawsuit against CVS Caremark that challenged the drugstore chain's severance agreement. (Olivier Douliery, McClatchy-Tribune)
U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission
A federal judge Thursday dismissed a closely watched civil lawsuit against CVS Caremark that challenged the drugstore chain’s severance agreement.
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission took issue with CVS’ contract for being overly broad and misleading. The agency, which enforces laws against workplace bias, said the severance agreement was a restraint on employees’ rights to file discrimination charges with the EEOC or participate in an agency investigation.

S&P hits record on US Fed support; financials leadS&P hits record on Federal Reserve support; financials lead
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 10.30PM IST
0
Share More
 King Lip said the Fed statement was giving support to Wall Street and relative valuations could continue to push money towards US stocks.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: US stocks were rising in late morning trading on Thursday, with the S&P 500 hitting a record high a day after the US Federal Reserve renewed its commitment to keeping interest rates low.
The Fed said Wednesday at the conclusion of a two-day policy meeting it would keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," language supportive of equities which some had expected to be dropped from the statement.
However, the central bank's outlook included forecasts for higher-than-expected rates in 2015 and 2016, which helped financial stocks lead gains on Wall Street.
US housing starts and permits fell in August, but upward revisions to the prior month's data suggested the housing market continued to gradually improve. Separate data showing a sharp drop in the number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits last week suggested the slowdown in job growth last month was probably an aberration.
"Data says the US economy continues to chug along," said King Lip, chief investment officer at Baker Avenue Asset Management in San Francisco .
He said the Fed statement was giving support to Wall Street and relative valuations could continue to push money towards US stocks.
"Right now the best-looking asset class is equities."
The Dow Jones industrial average was rising 89.04 points, or 0.52 per cent, to 17,245.89, the S&P 500 was gaining 8.59 points, or 0.43 per cent, to 2,010.16 and the Nasdaq Composite was adding 24.17 points, or 0.53 per cent, to 4,586.36.
The S&P hit a high of 2,011.79.
The largest per centage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Penn West Petroleum , rising 9.27 per cent, while the largest percentage decliner was USEC Inc, down 20.76 per cent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Bank of America , up 1.50 per cent to $17.02; Rite Aid Corp , down 17.02 per cent to $5.51, after it cut its full-year profit forecast for a second time this year; and GE, up 0.92 per cent to $26.29.
On the Nasdaq, Yahoo, down 1.7 per cent to $41.89; Vivus Inc, up 16.2 per cent to $4.51; and Apple Inc , up 0.5 per cent to $102.06, were among the most actively traded.
Vivus rose after an erectile-dysfunction drug it co-developed was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration.
Advancing issues were outnumbering declining ones on the NYSE by 1,895 to 1,034, for a 1.83-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,695 issues were rising and 883 falling for a 1.92-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 44 new 52-week highs and 7 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 58 new highs and 35 new lows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Fortune ranks Indra Nooyi 3rd most powerful ...You are here: Home > Collections > Pepsico
Fortune ranks PepsiCo's Indra Nooyi third most powerful woman in business
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 10.41PM IST
Tags:
DuPont
(Fortune said her innovation…)
NEW YORK: PepsiCo's India-born CEO Indra Nooyi has been ranked third most powerful businesswoman by Fortune, the only Indian-origin woman on the 2014 list topped by IBM Chairman and CEO Ginni Rometty and General Motors CEO Mary Barra.
Fortune said nearly half the women on 'The Most Powerful Women in Business 2014' list run huge companies, which is a record and "all are working hard to transform their businesses."
Nooyi, 58, dropped from the second position she held last year to third.
Fortune said her innovation push is paying off at PepsiCo, which has increased research and development spending by 25 per cent since 2011.
In 2013, of 50 bestselling new food and beverage products in the US, nine came from PepsiCo -- Starbucks Iced Coffee, Muller Quaker Yogurt, and Mountain Dew Kickstart.
"In July the company raised its profit growth forecast for the year, which should help Nooyi counter calls by activist investor Nelson Peltz to break up the food and beverage giant," the publication said.
Topping the list for the third time is Rometty, whose strategy of investing in new technologies is showing results.
Even though IBM's revenue declined for the second consecutive year, falling nearly 5 per cent to $ 99.8 billion in fiscal 2013, its revenue rose 69 per cent for each division last year.
Rometty has also signed strategic partnerships, such as a deal with Apple to provide IBM's services on the iOS platform.
Rometty has also pledged to invest $ 1 billion in the development and commercialisation of the cognitive computing system, another future growth area for the company.
Making a huge jump in the rankings is General Motors CEO Mary Barra , who is ranked second this year up from the 29th position last year.
Barra became the auto industry's first female CEO in January and promptly faced GM's largest vehicle recall ever, 29 million so far from a faulty ignition switch linked to at least 13 deaths since 2005.
The list also includes aerospace and defence giant Lockheed Martin's Chairman, CEO, and President Marillyn Hewson at number 4, bioscience firm DuPont CEO Ellen Kullman at rank 5 and Hewlett-Packard Chairman and CEO Meg Whitman on the 6th position.
FEATURED ARTICLES

First impression: 2014 Mercedes-Benz S63 AMG 4maticMercedes-Benz put high-end sports cars such as the Porsche 911 and Audi R8 on notice Tuesday with the introduction of its 2016 Mercedes AMG GT S. ( David Undercoffler )
Why it matters: The flagship S-Class is for many the paragon of the luxury sedan. The S63 AMG 4matic is the lighter sports version of that sedan, featuring a V8 biturbo with a whole lotta growl (the S65 has a V12). For 2015 Mercedes is launching a S63 AMG coupe.
Why it doesn’t: Fewer than 1 percent of car buyers will ever consider this car.
Curiosity: The owner's manual and help buttons are available on the screen and navigable through the dial on the center console. The rear seats recline. There are buttons we've never seen before.
First drive impression: Daunting. Luxurious. So much to learn. The sunroof is enormous. The biturbo has a lag but once it's going 100 mph doesn't feel any different than 50 mph. Wow.

Missing health workers in Guinea were educating villagers about Ebola when they were attackedBy Abby Phillip September 18 Follow @abbydphillip
A worker disinfects a van at the Doctors Without Borders center in Conakry, Guinea. (Cellou Binani/AFP via Getty Images)
The bodies of eight people, including several health workers and three journalists, have been found days after they were attacked while distributing information about Ebola in a Guinean village near the city of Nzerekore, according to Reuters .
"The eight bodies were found in the village latrine," Albert Damantang Camara, a spokesman for Guinea's government, told Reuters on Thursday. "Three of them had their throats slit."
When the delegation arrived on Tuesday to do disinfection work and educate people about preventing Ebola, angry and fearful residents began throwing rocks and beating people in the group with clubs according to the Los Angeles Times , which cited Guinean radio reports. The delegation, which included one local politician, fled into the bush to escape the attackers.
One journalist who managed to escape told reporters that she could hear the people looking for her while she hid, according to the BBC .
On Thursday, the bodies were found in the septic tank of a primary school in the village, according to Camara. They had been "killed in cold blood by the villagers," he added, according to the BBC .
Throughout this epidemic, public health officials have battled widespread fear and even  doubts that the virus exists at all . The deadly attack illustrates the danger that health workers face as they try to spread information about the virus in an effort to control the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history.
The attack occurred in an area near where riots broke out last month because people feared that workers disinfecting a market were contaminating people, according to the BBC.
Guinean radio reported that the attack came after the group tried to spray disinfectant to prevent the virus from spreading in public places, the LA Times reported.
Earlier, the governor of Nzerekore told the BBC that he believed the group was being held captive. A government delegation had been sent to the Wome (Wamey) village but was unable to gain access because the main bridge leading to the town was destroyed to prevent authorities from reaching it, the BBC reported.
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa began in a Guinea border town, Guéckédou, which is near where Tuesday's attack occurred. The spread of the virus in the country has not accelerated as quickly as it has in other affected countries, particularly Liberia.
But 33 percent of the cases in Guinea have been reported in the last three weeks, signaling that the outbreak is far from under control. According to the World Health Organization, at least 2,622 people have died and 5,335 have been infected in Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone, Nigeria and Senegal.
[This post has been updated multiple times.]
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

The NFL Is Not a NonprofitCommentary about business and finance.
Sept. 18 2014 2:18 PM
The NFL Is Not a Nonprofit
So why does it get to act like one?
By Jordan Weissmann
 
New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker wants to use tax money from the NFL to fund domestic abuse programs.
Photo by Jonathan Ernst/Reuters
The National Football League generates about $9.5 billion in revenue each year. It is, by Forbes’ estimate , the most valuable sports league in the world. Its commissioner, Roger Goodell, makes $44 million in a year . And yet, the NFL’s head office has long been allowed to operate as a tax-exempt nonprofit—as if its sole purpose for existence wasn’t to extract wads of cash from the wallets of American sports fans.
Jordan Weissmann
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.
This week two Democratic senators have announced bills that would put this obvious farce to an end. In response to the outrage swirling over the NFL’s apparent tolerance of domestic abuse, New Jersey’s Cory Booker introduced legislation that would prohibit tax-free status for all major sports leagues. (The National Hockey League and PGA Tour are also nonprofits.) Washington state’s Maria Cantwell, meanwhile, is offering a bill targeted directly at the NFL’s tax-exempt status , prompted by its refusal to force the Washington, D.C., franchise to change its name from a racial slur against Native Americans.
Even if it’s taken a series of national scandals to give this idea a fresh push, it’s nice to see common sense gaining more steam. Previously, Republican Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma (whose state lacks an NFL team) and the House Ways and Means Committee have proposed legislation that would strip sports leagues of their nonprofit status. But if senators representing Giants, Jets, and Seahawks fans suddenly feel comfortable getting behind this idea, that’s progress.
Advertisement
Chances are, yanking away the NFL’s tax exemption wouldn’t drastically change its finances. Only the league office, which considers itself a trade association for its clubs—just like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce or the National Dairy Council—is a nonprofit; the teams themselves are purely for-profit. As a result, pro football’s copious TV revenues are taxed once they’re passed down to the franchises. A separate, for-profit company called NFL Ventures, co-owned by the teams, handles the league’s merchandising and sponsorship earnings. Finally, the league office often operates at a loss —in 2011 it finished more than $77 million in the red, while in 2012 it only had $9 million left at year’s end. Without profits, of course, there’s nothing for the government to tax.
The problem is that the NFL should never have been considered a trade association in the first place.
The case of Major League Baseball is instructive for what might happen to the NFL if it were to lose its exemption. In 2007, MLB gave up its nonprofit status, reportedly because of new IRS rules that would have required public disclosure of its executives’ salaries. Later, it said the move was “tax-neutral.”
Congress itself doesn’t think the NFL’s tax bill would be that big. Coburn has suggested that taxing the NFL and NHL alone would raise about $91 million per year. But the Congressional Joint Committee on Taxation—probably a bit more credible in this instance— believes ending tax exemptions for all sports leagues would bring in just under $11 million per year. Booker hopes his bill would raise about $100 million over a decade, which would go to support domestic abuse programs. That’s a mere trickle compared with the geyser of cash the NFL generates each year. 
So if money isn’t really the issue, what is? It’s about principles. Letting the NFL operate tax-free makes a mockery of the entire concept behind nonprofits, which is that we should give a special break to organizations that do the useful, unprofitable work normal corporations won’t.
The NFL’s lawyers like to point out that the IRS has a long history of treating sports leagues as tax-exempt. The government first gave the league office its nonprofit status in 1942, they note, and hasn’t questioned it since. Citing this history is a reasonable response to critics, such as Gregg Easterbrook, who claim that the NFL is simply benefiting from a special tax loophole that came about thanks to some brilliant lobbying in the 1960s—Congress actually inserted “professional football leagues” into the list of nonprofit trade groups covered by Section 501(c)(6) of the tax code. The code had previously covered “business leagues, chambers of commerce, real-estate boards, or boards of trade.” But this legislative carve-out doesn’t explain why, for instance, pro hockey and pro golf also get to operate tax-free.
The problem is that the NFL should never have been considered a trade association in the first place. Love or hate the lobbying they do in Washington, trade groups are supposed to work for the benefit of entire industries, and be open to any business in that industry that would like to join. If you own a butter-making factory, then by God, you can pay dues and become a member of the American Butter Institute. The NFL, in contrast, operates a legally sanctioned sports cartel. It’s not in the league’s interest to let in more teams, because that could hurt the value of existing franchises.
"To be a 501(c)(6) organization, anyone who meets your requirements for who's part of the industry has to be allowed to join the association as a member,” Jeffrey Tenenbaum, chairman of the nonprofit organizations group at the law firm Venable, explained to ESPN last year . “With professional sporting leagues, that's not the case; it's a very closed circle. You can't start a professional football team and join the NFL.”
Top Comment
Finding out that the NFL is a tax exempt non-profit, especially since I don't think that even churches, religious organizations, and private schools merit that status, makes my blood boil.   More...
-Vee
Join In
If NFL executives were out lobbying on behalf of college football teams or arena football, we might have a different story. But they’re not. The league office is the enforcement wing and rule-making body of a profit-making operation. The same goes for leagues like the NHL, which exist for the express purpose of excluding competition.
The deeper issue at play here is that nonprofits exist to do things for the public good—things that for-profit companies generally don’t do. That’s why we give nonprofits a break from the IRS. And it’s why the government should be stingy about which kinds of organizations count and which don’t. We know that sports leagues won’t suddenly disappear if we treat them like normal corporations and ask them to pay, at most, a few million dollars to the government. Major League Baseball certainly hasn’t gone anywhere. The NFL won’t either.

Study finds that dogs can be pessimistsBy Rachel Feltman September 18 Follow @rachelfeltman
New research from the University of Sydney shows evidence that dogs can be distinctly optimistic or pessimistic. (The University of Sydney)
Does your dog think the water dish is half empty? New research from the University of Sydney shows evidence that dogs can be distinctly optimistic or pessimistic. Just like humans, optimistic canines have a distinctly sunnier outlook on life, while pessimistic pups are likely to expect the worst.
The dogs were trained to touch a target after hearing one of two tones -- two octaves apart -- to receive a drink. One tone meant they'd receive milk, a reward, while the other just meant they'd get water. Once they'd learned what those tones meant, they were presented with new tones in-between the "milk" and "water" pitch.
If a dog kept happily hitting the target through these ambiguous tones, the researchers claim, it's probably because it was hopeful that one of them would lead to a reward. On the other hand, the researchers report, the "pessimistic" dogs grew distressed when ambiguous tones didn't result in milk, and avoided repeating the task.
This study is really meant as a proof-of-concept for a sort of doggy personality test-- one that could help determine the best service dogs for particular tasks. The researchers found that pessimistic dogs, for instance, were doing better in their training to be guide animals for the disabled. They were careful and anxious about taking risks. But a persistent, optimistic dog might do a better job in search-and-rescue missions.
Marc Bekoff , an author  and professor emeritus at University of Colorado who wasn't involved in the study, was hesitant to call the dogs who gave up "pessimists."
"The paradigm of the study is great -- most dog studies use 10 dogs or so, and this has 40 dogs of all different breeds and ages. And it's possible that these dogs were pessimists -- but maybe they just gave up," Bekoff said.
In other words, maybe the dogs who stopped looking for milk that would never come were just realists. To track down a pathologically pessimistic pup, Bekoff suggested, one might see if a failure during the milk and water task led them to be less interested in unrelated reward-based experiments.
But Bekoff has no doubt that dogs possess these personality differences, and he thinks the test is an intriguing attempt to asses the traits. "Especially in dogs who are abused early on, you definitely see animals who just really won't work that hard to get love or affection, having failed before," Bekoff said. "I think it's perfectly legitimate to say that there are optimistic and pessimistic dogs --  and that you can change their behavior."
1 of 12

After Record Profits  Airlines Keep Adding JobsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Supreme Court questions Centre ontransparencyPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:23 am
Days after it pushed a new law to scrap collegium system of judges’ appointment citing lack of transparency, the government got a taste of its own medicine on Thursday when the Supreme Court questioned its move to appoint Chief Vigilance Commissioner (CVC) through an “in-house” selection panel that was prone to nepotism and keeping good talent out.
“The problem is that every system which is confined to in-house procedure for appointments, the criticism has all along been about lack of transparency. If transparency is the hallmark of the selection process and if an existing system is criticised on this ground, why should it not be followed by you?” a bench led by Chief Justice R M Lodha said.
The bench, also comprising Justices Kurian Joseph and Rohinton F Nariman, said: “India is a country with a huge pool of talent. The public now demands transparency. Sunlight is not reaching a common man residing in one remote corner of the country like this. Why do you deprive him of the sunlight? How will an extremely talented man become visible without the sunlight?”
The court told Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi that howsoever big or small an institution be, the criticism right now seemed to be about transparency and if that is so, the government should set its own house in order.
The court was adjudicating a PIL by NGO ‘Centre for Integrity, Governance and Training in Vigilance Administration’. Questioning the selection process for the post of CVC and a Vigilance Commissioner, the NGO had sought a stay on the appointments. It cited the July 21 letter issued by the Secretary, Department of Personnel and Training, to other Secretaries in the government to recommend names for the posts. The plea stated only bureaucrats were going to be considered for the post.
Rohatgi, while assuring the court that the government will not make any appointment till the issue is decided, sought to defend the system, contending that it was not practical to make public advertisements for all such positions and that the selection was being made as per the guidelines framed three years ago.
India is a country with a huge pool of talent. The public now demands transparency.

With calligraphy and grace  First Lady woosstudentsPrint
China's first lady Peng Liyuan during a visit to the Tagore International School in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:22 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 8:36 am
Ayushi, Swasti and Niyati expected a fashionably dressed and glamorous guest while nervously waiting in their dance costumes to receive Peng Liyuan, China’s First Lady. But when she entered, Peng surprised everyone.
If Michelle Obama danced her way into the hearts of children she met in India during her 2010 visit, Peng, dressed in a simple white top and green skirt, won the admiration of students of Tagore International School in Vasant Vihar with her grace, smile and simplicity. “She was at ease with everyone. We thought we would encounter a lady in a dazzling dress. After all, we knew that she used to be a pop star,” Ayushi said.
While the girls were impressed by her charm, Charanit and Kunak were excited about the fact that the First Lady kissed them on their cheeks. Radhika, another Class VI student, blushed as she said: “She told me I am a beautiful girl.”
At the school, Peng, accompanying her husband Chinese President Xi Jinping on his three-day visit to India, interacted with students who are learning Mandarin.
A singer who holds a Master’s degree in traditional ethnic music, Peng also watched the cultural performance by students and watched a live-conference session between students here and their counterparts in Jinyuan Senior High School, Shanghai.
The presentation was part of the distance learning programme of the school. Twice every week, teachers here give Kathak and yoga lessons to children there. The Chinese teachers reciprocate with lessons in calligraphy and Tai Chi, a Chinese martial art.
The First Lady, who started learning calligraphy at the age of five from her father, showed her skills to the children. She wrote: “It is important for all of us to keep learning and work hard to achieve the goal we have set in life.”
The dancers in the school presented Rabindranath Tagore’s famous poem, Where the mind is without fear, in Kathak, Kuchipudi and Bharatanatyam. “We welcomed her in Mandarin, sang a song and recited a poem. She was quite impressed by our pronunciation,” Prajwal Prakash, a student, said.
“She shook hands with all of us, hugged some and kissed two boys on the cheeks,” Aryam, a student, said.
The session, which lasted for over an hour, left teachers and principal Madhulika Sen proud and happy. “We are going to continue our work and efforts to strengthen ties between the two countries with more vigour,” Sen said.

INS alarm over threat byKCRPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:20 am
The Indian Newspaper Society has expressed alarm over the threat reportedly issued to the media by Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao recently.
Rao was reported last week to have threatened to “bury” media groups that insult the people of Telangana.
“The Indian Newspaper Society has noted with alarm the statements about the media reported to have been made by the Telangana Chief Minister, Mr K Chandrasekhara Rao,” the Society said in a statement issued Thursday.
“Any person with a grievance against a publication has legal remedies available for redress. But acts of intimidation and threats of the kind reportedly issued by Mr Rao have no place in a democratic society, especially when they emanate from a person holding a
high position” the statement said.

New trends in tax evasion under CBDTlensPrint
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:16 am
Tax authorities are planning to look more actively into suspicious transaction reports (STRs) that provide information on dubious funds as they step up efforts against the menace of black money.
It has asked field formations to provide feedback on what kind of relevant information these reports should include to “to facilitate detection of new trends or modus operandi of tax evasion adopted in recent times”.
This is part of a larger exercise by the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) for feedback from its field offices on how to make these reports more efficient and targeted.
“STRs constitute a strategically important source of information for Income Tax department…The department has not been able to investigate all STRs promptly,” the CBDT has said in a recent missive to field offices.
Accordingly, it is planning to improve the management of such reports so that it is able to investigate them properly to look into sources of hawala funds.
“This would facilitate reduction in number of STRs and enable quicker and better investigation in remaining STR,” it said.
STRs are one of the sources of information with tax authorities on dubious transactions. Reporting agencies such as banks are mandated under law to provide information every month on such transactions that are worth over Rs 10 lakh to the Financial Intelligence Unit.
The FIU then forwards the monthly reports to the CBDT, Central Board of Excise and Customs, investigating agencies such as the Enforcement Directorate, Directorate of Revenue Intelligence as well as financial sector regulators.

Out of book  Patkar questions NBTcredibilityPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:14 am
With the National Book Trust (NBT) agreeing to remove a chapter on Medha Patkar from a children’s book following objections from an NGO, the activist and AAP leader has questioned the trust’s credibility. The NBT, meanwhile, claimed it took the decision to avoid a “controversy”.
Following objections by Ahmedabad-based NGO National Council for Civil Liberties, NBT, which is funded by the government, decided to drop a chapter on Patkar from a book titled Children who made it big by Thangamani. The NGO’s founder, V K Saxena, said that Patkar is a political person and, hence, should not be among the 12 people whose life stories the book tells.
“I did not know about this, read in the newspapers. It speaks a lot about the functioning of this government. If this is the kind of reaction that NBT and the HRD ministry have to a letter from a man who is a director in an Adani project, has lost a case in Supreme Court against Narmada Bachao Andolan and is defending himself in a case on the attack on Sabarmati Ashram in 2002, then it does not speak well of NBT’s credibility. He has a long history of opposition to NBA. It is just because I joined AAP. But by that yardstick, how can chapters on the PM be included in children’s textbooks? I don’t know if that proposal has been approved,” Patkar told The Indian Express. She also wondered whether the book’s author was taken into confidence before the move.
When contacted, Thangamani said she was “informed” by the NBT about the decision. “I don’t want to say anything else. It is entirely the publisher’s call,” she said.
NBT said the NGO had been demanding that the chapter be dropped since 2002, but it refused to do so earlier since they did not have a valid case.
The NBT said that the HRD Ministry did not direct it to take the decision, but had merely asked for its comments.

In a first  CPM leader summoned byCBIPrint
Written by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:12 am
As part of its investigation into the Saradha scam, the CBI Thursday issued summons to CPM state secretariat member and three-time MLA from Ballygunj, Rabin Deb. Deb said he had received the summons, but asked the CBI for some time before he presents himself before the investigators. Deb is the first CPM leader to be summoned in the case.
TMC MP Suvendu Adhikari was also summoned by the CBI. Saradha had a large number of projects in East Midnapore district and the summons to Adhikari is likely in relation to that, it is learnt. Adhikari said he is yet to receive the summons, but would appear before the CBI if called. Investigators also said he had been named by main accused Sudipta Sen in a letter to the CBI.
Deb is a senior CPM member and a familiar public face of the party. While it was not immediately known why he was summoned, CBI sources said it is possibly related to Saradha’s financial transaction with the CPM. Between 2008 and 2011, Saradha Group advertised heavily in CPM-run daily like Ganashakti, and a popular telephone directory called Dial.
TMC chief Mamata Banerjee has often accused the party of helping organisations like Saradha by displaying its messages in its mouthpiece.
Since last week, TMC’s women wing has been protesting outside the CBI office demanding an “impartial” probe. TMC has claimed that most chit fund firms, including Saradha, began their operations during the Left regime. The CBI summons to Deb come close on the heels of the TMC demand.
It is also learnt that Sujan Chakravarty, a CPM state secretariat member and one of the young faces of the party, is under the CBI scanner.

Larry Ellison steps down as Oracle chiefAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Ellison Gives up Oracle CEO Role  Becomes ChairmanAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

U.S. stocks end up; Dow  S&P 500 at record highsWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets European Central Bank NYSE Euronext, Inc. GameStop Corp. Mario Draghi
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Hong Kong tycoon buys 30 Rolls-Royce Phantoms for Macau hotelE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Snapped: Katrina and Saif shoot for  PhantomCelebrity
Snapped: Katrina Kaif and Saif Ali Khan shoot for 'Phantom'
Katrina Kaif and Saif Ali Khan are filming important scenes in the last leg of the shoot for their upcoming film Phantom. The film is directed by Kabir Khan.
Katrina Kaif and Saif Ali Khan recently spotted shooting for their next film 'Phantom'. The duo were spotted by the shutterbugs at the Gateway of India in the morning
1 / 10

Vadodara MP demands restarting of Air India flights to Delhi  MumbaiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Scotland votes on independenceResults of Scotland independence referendum: 'No' campaign victorious
By Euan McKirdy, Laura Smith-Spark and Nic Robertson, CNN
September 19, 2014 -- Updated 0550 GMT (1350 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
NEW: Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom
"No" camp wins majority of councils already declared
With majority of councils reporting, "No" lead unlikely to be overturned
The referendum will decide if Scotland remains part of the United Kingdom
Glasgow, Scotland (CNN) -- [Breaking news alert, 6:23 a.m. GMT (01:23 a.m. ET)]
Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom -- along with England, Wales and Northern Ireland -- following a historic referendum vote. A majority of voters rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away and becoming an independent nation.
With 31 of 32 councils declared, the "No" campaign has won the referendum on Scottish independence.
Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond admitted defeat in Scotland's independence referendum Friday -- and urged the rest of Scotland to do the same.
In a televised statement, he thanked Scotland "for 1.6 million votes for Scottish independence."A turnout of 86% is one of the highest in the democratic world for any such vote, he said.
[Original story published at 12.37 p.m. ET]
Voters in Scotland made their choice Thursday -- remain part of the United Kingdom, or form their own independent nation. They chose to remain.
With 31 of 32 of councils reporting, the "No" campaign had garnered enough votes to secure their victory, and with it Scotland's continued place within the union.
The first councils to declare all went to the "No" campaign, as did the capital, Edinburgh, which voted overwhelmingly to stay in the union with 123,927 for "Yes" and 194,628 "No" votes. Argyll and Bute and Aberdeenshire also voted "No."
Glasgow delivered a solid win for the independence camp with 194,779 votes for "Yes," and 169,347 for "No," but lead was not big enough to overturn the "No" camp's overall majority so far, which maintains a 8% (54% to 46%) lead over pro-independence camp.
The majority of the early results have been going the anti-independence camp's way. The "No" campaign extended lead with Angus and East Dunbartonshire council results, alongside a landslide in Dumfries and Galloway. The oil-rich city of Aberdeen also strongly voted for the unionist camp.
The city of Dundee was the first big gain for the independence campaign, voting "Yes" with 53,620 votes for, 39,880 against.
The individual counts by local authorities are ultimately immaterial as it is the total number of votes countrywide that will determine the outcome.
Polls at more than 5,500 stations across all districts, from the remote highlands and islands to the big cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow, closed at 10 p.m. local time (5 p.m. ET). People still in line to vote at that time were allowed to cast ballots.
High turnout
The first districts to report turnout reported high participation -- well over 80% in most cases -- Mary Pitcaithly, chief counting officer, announced in Edinburgh.
Turnout in Glasgow, one of the Yes campaign's heartlands, was a relatively disappointing 75%.
More than 4.2 million people registered to vote on the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?"
Decision day for Scotland
Expert: 'Yes' would humiliate Cameron
Scotland votes: See the TV ads
People opposed to Scottish independence celebrate the final results of a historic referendum Friday, September 19, in Edinburgh, Scotland. A majority of voters -- 55% to 45% -- rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away from the United Kingdom and becoming an independent nation.
A supporter of an independent Scotland cries as referendum results are announced September 19 in Edinburgh.
A discarded "Yes" sticker lies on cobblestones along Edinburgh's Royal Mile on September 19.
Alistair Darling, leader of the pro-union "Better Together" campaign, addresses supporters in Glasgow, Scotland, after the announcement of the referendum's final results September 19.
Dejected independence supporters make their way home in Edinburgh on September 19.
Ballots cast against Scottish independence get stacked on a table as votes are counted in Edinburgh on September 19.
Ballot boxes are opened as counting begins Thursday, September 18, in Aberdeen, Scotland.
Ballot counting was tiring for staffers working through the night at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh.
Ballot papers are counted in Aberdeen after the polls closed on September 18.
Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond passes an pro-union campaigner in Ellon, Scotland, on September 18. Salmond, leader of the independence movement, later accepted defeat and urged supporters to do the same.
Campaigners on both sides of Scotland's independence referendum stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
A man walks to a polling station to cast his vote in Ballater, Scotland, on September 18.
Campaigners stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
People wait to cast ballots inside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
A voter arrives at a polling place September 18 in Edinburgh.
A pro-union campaigner distributes leaflets at a polling station in Glasgow on September 18.
Salmond talks with supporters September 18 in Turriff, Scotland.
A dog wearing a pro-independence bandana walks down a street September 18 in Glasgow.
Darling, second from left, stands with his wife, Maggie, outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
Salmond chats with reporters after casting his vote September 18 in Strichen, Scotland.
A pro-independence campaigner displays his message September 18 in Strichen.
Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown talks to pro-union campaigners outside a polling station in Queensferry, Scotland, on September 18.
A young voter leaves a polling station September 18 in Edinburgh.
Campaigners on both sides of the issue stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
Scotland votes

Rite Aid cuts forecast on lower reimbursements  genericsRite Aid cuts forecast on lower reimbursements, generics
By Kelly Gilblom, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
NEW YORK — Rite Aid Corp. reduced its full- year earnings forecast after it said lower reimbursement rates and higher costs for drugs hurt profit.
Net income for fiscal 2015 is expected to be 22 cents to 33 cents a share, the Camp Hill, Pennsylvania-based company said in a statement Thursday. The drugstore company previously forecast 30 cents to 40 cents.
"We do not have as much profitability from new generics than we've had in the past," said Chief Executive Officer John Standley, on a conference call with analysts.
0
He partly blamed a delay in the arrival of a generic version of Nexium, AstraZeneca's prescription antacid pill that sold $3.87 billion last year. A generic version of Nexium was supposed to go on sale in May, but has been delayed by regulatory issues with India's Ranbaxy Laboratories.
The pharmacy chain has more than 4,500 stores and its revenue has grown as customers gained health insurance under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare. Its peers, including Walgreen Co., have also struggled with projecting drug costs in their pharmacy businesses.
"We're going to continue to have to work through the reimbursement rate environment that we're in," Standley said. "We're going to have to be efficient; we're going to continue to work on the purchasing side as hard as we can, pick away at this thing."
Rite Aid Thursday also reported second-quarter profit that beat analyst estimates. Earnings were 13 cents a share in the three months ended Aug. 30, more than the 6-cent average of analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg.
The company also reduced the top end of its full-year sales forecast, saying revenue was now expected to be $26 billion to $26.3 billion. Rite Aid in June had forecast revenue of as much as $26.5 billion.

Bungalow row: RLD supporters clash with policeComments
There was complete mayhem at Murad Nagar as thousands of supporters of Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) chief Ajit Singh staged protests and clashed with police on Thursday.
RLD supporters pelting brick bats towards policemen during a protest against the Union government over the cut-off of electricity from party leader Ajit Singh's official bungalow following repeated eviction notices. (PTI Photo)
The protesters, who included members of the Bharatiya Kisan Union (BKU), vandalised two Ganga water regulators that supply water to the national Capital. The protests lasted for more than an hour as police and administrative officials chose to be mute spectators.
The supporters were protesting the attempt to evict their leader from his official residence at 12 Tughlak Road in New Delhi. The BKU leaders demanded that the house be converted into a memorial in name of Singh’s father and farmer leader late Chaudhary Charan Singh.
 The police and administrative officials watched as the protestors moved towards the two regulators that supply water to Delhi. The farmers pelted stones at the police and laid siege on the 300-metre area between the two regulators at Murad Nagar.
As the protesters vandalised the government property, the police allegedly did not bother to intervene and stop them.
After vandalising public property, Singh’s supporters climbed atop the two regulators with their axes to cut the grills and break their locks.
They tried to shut the channels that allow water to pass from the Ganga canal to the regulators. The rioters, then, targeted a water plant near the regulators. In their bid to cut water supply to Delhi, the protesters damaged electricity panels of the water channel. Fearing the mob’s fury, the plant’s staff fled.

Navys massive drone flies across U.S. for the first timeBy Dan Lamothe September 18 Follow @danlamothe
The MQ-4 Triton aerial drone is shown here completing its first flight May 22, 2013, from the Northrop Grumman manufacturing facility in Palmdale, Calif. On Thursday, it reached another goal, flying across the United States for the first time. (Northrop Grumman photo by Alex Evers/Released by U.S. Navy)
When Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 disappeared on March 8 while traveling from Malaysia to China, the U.S. military deployed a variety of aircraft and ships as part of a international effort to find the missing plane and the 239 people on board. But a Navy aircraft that could eventually play a prominent role in such searches wasn’t ready yet: The massive MQ-4C Triton maritime surveillance drone is expected to be operational in 2017 .
The massive drone reached a new milestone Thursday, however. At 7:53 a.m., one of the 131-foot wide aircraft landed at Naval Air Station Patuxent River in Maryland following its first cross-country flight, the Navy said . The drone soared at heights of more than 50,000 feet at times; it departed from a facility in Palmdale, Calif., owned by its maker, Northrop Grumman, late Wednesday. It flew along the U.S.-Mexico border, over the Gulf of Mexico and across Florida before turning north up the Atlantic Coast.
The Triton had completed 15 test flights prior to the one landing in Maryland on Thursday. The first occurred in May 2013 from Palmdale. It’s shown Thursday in this video released by Northrop Grumman:
Watch the unmanned MQ-4C Triton maritime surveillance drone make its landing at the Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Md., from Palmdale, Calif. (YouTube/Northrop Grumman)
The drone is expected to supplement the Navy’s new P-8 Poseidon surveillance plane, performing what the service calls Broad Area Maritime Surveillance, or BAMS. Northrop Grumman says the drone, a descendant of the Air Force’s Global Hawk unmanned aircraft, will rely on radar, infrared sensors and advanced cameras to provide full-motion video and photographs to the military. Northrop Grumman described it here:
Designed by Northrop Grumman, the massive unmanned MQ-4C Triton maritime surveillance drone will rely on radar, infrared sensors and advanced cameras to provide full-motion video and photographs to the military. (YouTube/NavyRecognition)
The Navy deployed its new P-8, a replacement for the P-3 surveillance plane, to search for missing Flight 370 in the Indian Ocean in March. Working from Australia, it flew numerous surveillance missions, but the Triton that will eventually work alongside it wasn’t ready. The P-8s were eventually called off April 30 , as the search moved almost entirely underwater and the Pentagon curtailed its involvement.
Northrop Grumman said Thursday that over the next few weeks, two other Triton drones will fly to Maryland. One is owned by the Navy; the other is a demonstration aircraft owned by the defense firm.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

US Prez Obama to nominate Indian-American Richard Verma as India ambassadorAlbright Stonebridge Group
(Verma, an India-American,…)
WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama today nominated Indian-American, Richard Rahul Verma, as the next US Ambassador to India, ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Washington later this month.
If confirmed by the US Senate, Verma, who earlier served as the Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs and is now in the private sector, would be the first Indian-American to serve as the top US diplomat in New Delhi.
Obama announced his nomination along with several other key administration appointments.
"I am grateful that these impressive individuals have chosen to dedicate their talents to serving the American people at this important time for our country. I look forward to working with them in the months and years ahead," Obama said in a statement.
The US Embassy in New Delhi is currently headed by a Charge d'affaires, Kathleen Stephens.
Verma, 45, said to be a close confidant of the President and also former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, currently serves as Senior Counselor at Steptoe & Johnson LLP and Albright Stonebridge Group . He is also a Senior National Security Fellow at the Center for American Progress.
Previously, he was Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs at the Department of State from 2009 to 2011 and Partner at Steptoe and Johnson LLP from 2007 to 2009.
He was Senior National Security Advisor, Counsel and Foreign Policy Advisor to the Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid from 2002 to 2007, and an Associate at Steptoe & Johnson from 1998 to 2002.
Verma served on active duty in the US Air Force from 1994 to 1998 and received, among other decorations, the Meritorious Service Medal and Air Force Commendation Medal.
Earlier in his career, Verma was a Field Representative for the National Democratic Institute in Eastern Europe and worked in the House of Representatives for Congressman John P Murtha.
He served on the Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction, Proliferation and Terrorism in 2008 and has been a member of the Secretary of State's Foreign Affairs Policy Board.
Verma currently serves on the boards of Human Rights First, the Clinton Foundation, and the National Democratic Institute. He received a BS from Lehigh University, a JD from American University, and an LLM from Georgetown University Law Center.
FEATURED ARTICLES

From $100 billion to $20 billion  missing billions a tell-tale sign with ChinaComments
China’s consul-general in Mumbai throws around a figure of $100 billion in investment over the next five years. His president, Xi Jinping, signs agreements that total only $20 billion. The explanations for this curious gap are a metaphor for why the Sino-Indian relationship will never go beyond a certain point.
“The $100 billion figure was never an official number. The csul-general was perhaps imagining what could happen,” a Chinese embassy official said. Indian diplomats scoff at the idea a Chinese official would offer a figure without approval far up the food chain.
The $100 billion seems to have largely designed to overshadow the $35 billion five-year plan announced by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Xi’s failure to even rhetorically match the initial expectations about his trip underlines two elements of China’s attitude to India.
Read: After Modi-Xi meeting, China pulls back troops from Ladakh
One, Beijing is short term about India. During the Depsang intrusion, a senior Indian official spoke of China’s “great power autism” – how it would let small things undo all the good things it had accomplished.
Over 80% of Indians mistrust China: an older generation because of 1962, a younger one because of Beijing’s belligerence. Talking one number and walking a smaller one will reinforce what many Indians say in private: “You can’t trust the Chinese.”
Two, China tends to treat India better when a powerful third country is cosying up to New Delhi. Xi has good reasons to seek better ties with India. He needs infrastructure markets for his over-sized capital goods manufacturers.
But Beijing does not see India, a messy democracy with an economy one-fourth China’s, as being in the same league. Before they officially take power, Chinese leaders visit the countries they see as big leaguers. Xi did not come here.
Japan’s wooing of India is a key reason China is all sweetness and light on the economic front. Indian negotiators of the 2006 border agreement say they got a good deal because of their then close ties with the US.
That Xi did not feel he even needed to match what Abe had offered was a sign of that this has yet to change with China. “This was the only surprise in the trip,” said a Japanese diplomat. And a sobering reminder for India.

Apple s real privacy problemTim Cook didn't address Apple's real privacy problem
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 18, 2014: 4:45 PM ET
CEO Tim Cook says Apple has addressed customers' privacy concerns. But Apple's security record says otherwise.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Tim Cook is deflecting the conversation with his new statement about privacy .
Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) was all over the news earlier this month following the theft of celebrities' nude photos from their iCloud accounts. Though iCloud itself wasn't hacked, Apple's two-factor authentication -- a second, temporary password via text message that could have prevented the attack -- couldn't be used with iCloud until after the scandal.
This was just the latest in Apple's lousy record on security. Apple waits too long to fix bugs and fails to update its customers when a major vulnerability needs to be addressed.
That's a major issue as Apple gears up to launch Apple Pay, its mobile payments system that is set to debut next month. The point is not lost on its rivals: PayPal called out Apple in a full-page New York Times ad this week, saying "We the people want our money safer than our selfies."
Now Apple is saying it will be more transparent about the information it collects and shares; it won't sell information to advertisers based on the content of your emails and texts; and it has encrypted iPhones so the government can't get its hands on data stored on your phone.
Related: Apple says iOS 8 will shield your data from police
Those are noble actions. But Apple failed to address the real problem.
The reason customers are losing faith in Apple's ability to keep their information private is because Apple has a miserable security record. That needs to be addressed. Until it does that, Apple can't truly claim that it is protecting customers' data.
 
Dark Web: Nudes traded like baseball cards
For example, Apple was plagued with a serious security flaw that allowed hackers to read private communications sent over Apple devices, including emails, instant messages, social media posts and even online bank transactions. But Apple waited four days to fix the "goto fail" bug on Macs after it had already patched iPhones and iPads . An app developer Roland Moriz also claims to have notified Apple about a curiously similar bug four months before Apple fixed it.
Apple waited far too long to fix the Flashback bug that hit Apple in early 2012 -- the largest targeted attack on Macs ever. Flashback exploited a hole in Java, and Oracle ( ORCL , Tech30 ) quickly fixed the bug. But Apple uses its own version of Java and didn't get around to patching its software until two months after Oracle fixed it.
And it took more than three years for Apple to fix the so-called FinFisher Trojan that allowed law enforcement to spy on iPhone users.
Apple declined to comment for this story.
Related: FBI launches a face recognition system
Transparency is a must, and Apple is taking a big step by publishing an easy-to-understand privacy website.
Encryption is a good step -- albeit a limited one (if you back your stuff up on iCloud or on your computer, it's no longer out of the government's reach).
It's good that Apple doesn't sell as much of its customers' personal information to advertisers as Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ) and Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ) do. Though that's largely because Apple's iAd advertising business is extremely small -- not by choice, but because it failed to take off.
But few customers -- if any -- were saying they don't trust Apple because their iPhones weren't encrypted. Or that Apple wasn't clear about what information it provided to third parties. Or that Apple was selling their personal data to advertisers.
Apple's problem remains its lack of transparency and quick action on security holes. Tim Cook should fix that now.
First Published: September 18, 2014: 12:41 PM ET
Most Popular

Cultural snafu forces logo changeYum Brands' cultural snafu forces logo change
By Melvin Backman   @CNNMoney September 18, 2014: 6:22 PM ET
Yum Brands' Banh Shop red star logo has sparked controversy among the Vietnamese community.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
A perceived lack of cultural awareness has forced Yum brands to change the red star logo on its just-opened Vietnamese Banh Shop in Dallas.
Thanh Cung, President of the Vietnamese-American Community of Greater Dallas started an online petition Wednesday that called on the restaurant to make the change.
"While we are very pleased with the name of the restaurant, we are hurt and offended by your chosen logo, a red star, which is a symbol of communism and will offend thousands of South Vietnamese refugees in my community," Cung wrote. "The heavy majority of Vietnamese living in the Dallas area are political and religious refugees who fled Vietnam when North Vietnamese communist rule started in 1975."
The restaurant, which serves banh mi sandwiches and other Vietnamese food, uses lots of Saigon-focused imagery and language in its branding. It opened Sept. 12, and the CultureMap Dallas blog began reporting on the controversy four days later .
"Effective immediately, we are changing the logo," wrote a Yum spokesperson in an email Thursday.
Jonathan Blum, who heads public affairs and nutrition for Yum! Brands ( YUM ), reached out to and apologized to Cung earlier today.
The old logo will come off the store and website by the end of the day and a new logo will be up soon, he said. The old logo was designed externally, and he said the same shop would likely handle the redesign -- with Cung's input.
"In hindsight, we should have known this could have been seen as offensive," Blum said.
Related: Taco Bell owner opens Asian fast food joint
Cung, who has lived in Dallas for 30 years, says he first heard about the logo as members of the community reached out after driving past it.
"They called me and they were very frustrated and angry," he said. Then he checked it out himself.
"When I saw it, I had the same feeling," he said.
He was pleased with Yum's quick response to his petition, and he said he looks forward to working on the restaurant's new logo.
"We're very, very appreciative and grateful," he said.
The Dallas area has the fourth-largest largest concentration of Vietnamese-Americans in the country behind Los Angeles, San Jose, California and Houston, Texas. The 2010 census put their numbers at nearly 72,000, or 5% of the country's total.
The concept behind Banh Shop was developed to compete with "fast-casual" restaurants like Chipotle ( CMG ) and Panera ( PNRA ) by the same team behind Super Chix, an Arlington, Texas restaurant focusing on fried chicken and U.S. Taco Co., an upscale taco restaurant in Huntington Beach, California.
"With Southeast Asian cuisine growing in popularity in the U.S., we saw an opportunity to design a unique fast casual concept that emulates delicious Saigon street food, with a focus on the Vietnamese banh mi sandwich," said Yum's emerging brands head Christophe Poirier in a statement announcing the restaurant's launch.
Poirier worked with Dallas restaurant consultant Mark Brezinski to develop the Bahn Shop concept.
In a July conference call, Yum CEO David Novak said the fast-casual restaurants like Banh Shop were mainly a learning experience that might be a launching pad for further expansion. There's a second Banh Shop location in the works at the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport.
First Published: September 18, 2014: 1:57 PM ET
Most Popular

Two Indian-American scientists make it to Popular Science s Brilliant Ten listprint
Two Indian-American scientists have been named by Popular Science magazine in its Brilliant Ten list of 2014 which honours America's "brightest young minds reshaping science, engineering, and the world".
Prabal Dutta, an assistant professor of computer science and engineering at University of Michigan, and Manu Prakash, an assistant professor of bioengineering at Stanford University, are among the 10 who made it to this year's list.
Popular Science identified these 10 "most inspired young scientists and engineers—researchers whose ideas will transform the future" after a six-month selection process.
 
Dutta was selected for creating tiny sensors that can harvest energy from their surroundings - from the light in a room, the magnetic field around an electrical wire, or the heat from a shower head - so that they can run forever, ushering in the Internet of Things.
The Internet of Things refers to connected computing systems embedded in the physical world—things like medical implants and smart thermostats, FitBits and even smartphones.
"Of course, it's an honor," said Dutta after being chosen by Popular Science.
"But really, awards like this motivate you to live up to the expectations," he added.
Stanford's Prakash was chosen for two low-cost scientific tools made from everyday materials.
He designed a pocket-size paper microscope that is powerful enough to detect a malaria parasite, African sleeping sickness and Chagas in a drop of blood and costs just 50 cents.
The second was a $5 programmable children’s chemistry set, inspired by hand-cranked music boxes. This low-cost device can be used to test water quality, to provide affordable medical diagnostic tests, or to design chemistry experiments in schools.
“We are going to make them very widely available and let other people build their own apps on top,” he told Popular Science.
"Scientific tools have been built and designed and kept in the silos of universities," says Prakash, who wants to bring them to the masses.

Silent on Sena  Shah urges workers to bring BJP to powerSilent on Sena, Shah urges workers to bring BJP to power
Yogesh Joshi , Hindustan Times  Pune, September 18, 2014
First Published: 21:27 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:01 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
In a clear indication of the strained ties over seat-sharing talks, Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Amit Shah on Thursday refrained from mentioning alliance partner Shiv Sena in his address, and instead asked workers to concentrate on the party’s victory in the state Assembly elections.
The BJP president, who took a tour to western Maharashtra on Thursday, had in the morning urged the Sena to give in to their demand, suggesting that his party has taken two steps ahead and now it was the Sena’s turn to act. But by afternoon, there was a conspicuous change in the BJP president’s tone.
While addressing workers in Chaundi and Pune, Shah repeatedly asked them to take a pledge to bring the BJP to power, without mentioning the 25-year-old saffron alliance.  “I know the pulse of the people and can firmly say the BJP’s coming to power in Maharashtra is certain. The BJP will help regain the state’s pride.”
“The BJP wants an alliance, but not at the cost of its self-esteem,” said Shah, in Kolhapur, adding, “When I asked Devendra Fadnavis and Vinod Tawde about it [seat-sharing tiff], they told me they are making every effort, but there has been no response.”
Echoing the party president’s stand, BJP leader Vinod Tawde said, “We will give an answer once the Sena responds to the proposal.”
Both the BJP and Sena had, in the past, suggested that they could go it alone if their demands are not met. The BJP, after the resounding victory in the Lok Sabha, has upped the pressure on Shiv Sena and demanded equal number of seats. The party also wants the Sena to swap some seats, which they have never won. The Shiv Sena, on the other hand, has refused to give in. In the past, the Sena had contested 171 seats, while the BJP had fought 119 seats. 
Meanwhile, the smaller allies -- Swabhimani Shetakari Sanghatana and Republican Party of India – want the issue to be resolved at the earliest. “If the Sena-BJP fail to resolve the issue till September 21, we are free to decide our course,” said Swabhimani Shetakari Sanghatana chief Raju Shetti.

GNC fields interest from buyout groupsGNC fields interest from buyout groups
Ed Hammond – New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8552b3e2-3df0-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Home Depot Says Malware Affected 56M Payment CardsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Woman made to undergo purification at policepostPrint
Express News Service | Dehradun | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:39 am
Three policemen were Wednesday suspended after a woman, who was allegedly kidnapped and rescued, was made to undergo a “purification process” on the premises of Maneri police station.
The process reportedly involved sprinkling water from the Ganga on the woman, and her husband putting vermilion on her forehead and gifting her a new sari — apparently so the two could be “reunited”.
The woman was rescued by the police and brought to the Maneri police station Tuesday. The police arrested one Nazakat Ali for allegedly “kidnapping” her. Nazakat, a resident of Nazimabad in UP’s Bijnor district, allegedly got her converted to Islam. Police said he is a married man.
As news spread, locals gathered at the police station and held the “purification process”. Additional DGP (law and order) R S Meena said it should not have happened on the premises of the police station. “Hence we took action against the policemen. We are probing the incident,” he said.

Rajnath tells Nepal to check radical centres alongborderPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | Kathmandu | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:32 am
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Thursday asked Nepal to check the growth of religious fundamentalist groups that have mushroomed in the bordering areas. Singh, who is in Nepal to attend the sixth Saarc meeting of interior ministers, also asked for a bilateral agreement to deal with human trafficking.
Asking Nepal to act tough on the growing number of fundamentalist centres in Terai region and other areas, Singh said these institutions are being run by groups possibly linked to terror outfits.
Singh discussed these issues during a meeting with Nepal’s PM Sushil Koirala and Deputy PM and Home Minister Bamdev Gautam. He said that several nationals from Pakistan and Bangladesh were settling in the border areas and it was a cause of concern for India’s security.
Singh also extended help to expedite the construction of the Nepal Police Academy, which is being built with India’s help in Paltan.
“He underlined the need for more focused effort to control the activities of criminal elements, terrorists and other insurgent groups along the Indo-Nepal border. He expressed concern on the smuggling of fake currency notes and human trafficking. He stated that there is a need for evolving bilateral mechanism for dealing with the issue of human trafficking,” a Home Ministry statement said.
Deputy PM Gautam said that several steps have already been taken to check cross-border crime and assured full cooperation to India. He further stated that he will ensure that there is no security threat to India due to Nepal.
Singh also took up the issue of missing border pillars and asked for an early consensus on the disputed area. A Joint Working Group led by the surveyor generals of both the countries are also meeting in Kathmandu.

Obama likely to pick Richard Verma as ambassador toIndiaBarack Obama
Reuters | Washington | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:30 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 9:16 am
President Barack Obama is expected to nominate a former State Department official, Richard Verma, to be the new US ambassador to India, just ahead of a visit to Washington this month by new Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, a congressional source said on Thursday.
Verma, an Indian-American, served as assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs at the State Department in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2011. He is currently a senior counselor at the Steptoe & Johnson law firm and the Albright Stonebridge Group, a business advisory company led by former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
The Congressional source, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the nomination was expected to be confirmed by the White House on Thursday.
If his nomination is confirmed by Congress, Verma will replace Nancy Powell, who resigned in March after a damaging dispute over the treatment of a junior Indian diplomat, Devyani Khobragade.
Khobragade was arrested and strip-searched in New York last year, an incident that took the US-India relationship to its lowest ebb in a decade. The US Embassy in New Delhi is currently headed by a charge d’affaires, Kathleen Stephens.
Modi is due to visit Washington on September 29-30 for a trip aimed at revitalising ties. He was denied a visa to the United States in 2005 after Hindu mobs killed more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, in 2002 while he was chief minister of his home state of Gujarat.

Couple claims daughter was deity  policeprobePrint
Express News Service | Jaipur | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:28 am
Police on Thursday said they were questioning a couple in a Bharatpur village who made a ‘samadhi’ for their dead two-year-old daughter and claimed she was a deity.
The incident took place in Kumher Thursday morning.  It came to the notice of the police after a tent was erected around the samadhi and locals started making offerings there.
The couple, Vinod and Srimati, from the nomadic Nat community, claimed their daughter had said she was the reincarnation of a deity and that she had predicted the exact time of her death — 12.05 am Thursday. After the girl died, they built the samadhi and held prayers there. Soon other locals started making offerings.
When rumours that the girl had been buried alive spread, the police exhumed the body and sent it for autopsy. An initial medical report said she died of diarhhoea, police said. The police found the girl had been unwell for several months.
“Prima facie it appears the parents might have wanted to make money. It is a backward area and such superstitions are rampant,” said Bharatpur SP Rahul Prakash.

U.S. Carries Out Two Airstrikes in Iraqu.s. carries out two airstrikes in iraq
Vote counting begins in ScotlandVote counting begins in Scotland
Basmati exports to fall as Iran raises import duty to 45%Basmati exports to fall as Iran raises import duty to 45%
China commits $20b investmentChina commits $20b investment
Moody s ups debt profile of Tata Group companiesMoody s ups debt profile of Tata Group companies
Hollande goes on offensive with Iraq air strike decisionHollande goes on offensive with Iraq air strike decision
US Fed s monetary policy is boring again. And that s a reliefUS Fed s monetary policy is boring again. And that s a relief
Xi Jinping India visit: Part roses  part thornsXi Jinping India visit: Part roses  part thorns
Now  book the new Scorpio on SnapdealE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Back to school for your money: life insurance0
How much coverage should you purchase? You need enough to cover living expenses for survivors; the lump sum amount necessary to fund future educational expenses; and/or money to provide for the future retirement needs of the surviving spouse. Years ago, instead of drilling down and figuring out exactly what you need, many simply used a rule of thumb -- eight to 10 times of annual income. But with the use of technology, it is simple to determine your specific needs with a calculator and the one provided by LifeHappens.org is an easy one to use.
Once you know how much you need, the next decision is what type of life insurance is most appropriate for you. There are two basic types: term and permanent. Term is best for those who have a specific insurance need for a defined period of time, like a young couple with kids who have not yet saved a sufficient nest egg to support their survivors in the event of premature death. During the stated term of a term-life policy, if the insured dies, the insurance company pays the face amount of the policy to the named beneficiary.
Premiums for term policies are often reasonable for those in good health up to about age 50. After 50, premiums start to get progressively more expensive. Conversely, permanent life insurance is a much more expensive option, because it combines the death benefit with a savings or investment component. Within the permanent universe, there are three types: traditional whole life, universal and variable universal. Whole life policy owners rely on insurance company dividends as the source of accumulation inside the policy. Universal and variable universal life holders invest by using sub-accounts, which are akin to mutual funds, inside the policy.
Permanent life insurance earnings grow on a tax-deferred basis, but you don't have to die to get your money -- these policies allow you to borrow against your cash value. The downside is the hefty price tag. High fees and commissions can lop off as much as three percentage points from the annual return and up-front commissions are typically 100 percent of the first year's premium.
After being sold permanent coverage, some consumers discover that few years into the contract, they can't afford the premiums. The Society of Actuaries found that 20 percent of whole-life policies are terminated in the first three years, and 39 percent within the first 10 years. Those who bail out within the first few years will likely lose everything they have put in, due to surrender fees that can apply during the first 7-10 years of the policy. Unfortunately, many of these people would have been better off if they had purchased term coverage.
If you are weighing term versus permanent, you may want to consult a fee-only financial adviser, who does not sell insurance, but can evaluate your needs, determine the right type of coverage and refer you to a reputable life insurance agent. A cheaper option is to use the policy evaluation service offered by the Consumer Federation of America at http://www.evaluatelifeinsurance.org . It typically costs $100 for the first analysis and $70 for each additional one.
(Jill Schlesinger, CFP, is the Emmy-nominated CBS News Business Analyst. A former options trader and CIO of an investment advisory firm, Jill covers the economy, markets, investing and anything else with a dollar sign on TV, radio (including her nationally syndicated radio show), the web and her blog, "Jill on Money." She welcomes comments and questions at askjill@moneywatch.com . Check her website at http://www.jillonmoney.com )
(c) 2014 TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC

LIC chief  bullish  on banking  pharma & metalsLIC chairman S K Roy bullish on outlook for country's markets
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 04.39PM IST
"There are a large number of sectors about which we are very confident this year. That's based upon our outlook for the Indian economy and how these companies are likely to do."
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) Chairman S. K. Roy said he was "very bullish" about the banking, pharmaceutical, metals and IT outsourcing sectors because of expectations for a cyclical recovery and a stabilising rupee currency.
LIC, India's most powerful investor, is also positive on the capital goods sector, Roy told Reuters in an interview at his office in Mumbai.
Roy, who was appointed chairman of the state-run insurer in June last year, added it was looking to develop its existing holding of more than 70 land plots in phases over the next three to five years, either for commercial or residential purposes.
Insurance companies in India have traditionally held large land parcels in their portfolios as a means for diversifying investments.
The strong endorsement from LIC, with 17.69 trillion rupees ($290.29 billion) of assets under management, showcases the increased confidence of domestic investors in their own country after months of caution.
Indian shares have rallied to record highs this year, while bonds and the rupee have also surged, but the bulk of gains had been driven by foreign investors.
"There are a large number of sectors about which we are very confident this year," Roy said. "That's based upon our outlook for the Indian economy and how these companies are likely to do."
Roy, who has been with the insurer more than three decades, added he saw few red flags for markets because of the government's commitment to contain the fiscal deficit and receding concerns about lower rainfalls in the monsoon period.
LIC plans to invest 3 trillion rupees in markets this year, of which 550 billion will be in shares. The bulk of its investments will go to government bonds, traditionally its biggest allocation.
Roy added LIC was headed for a "very good year", both in terms of its market investments and its core insurance business. The chairman said he expected growth of 12 percent in insurance premiums this fiscal year, in line with 13.4 percent last year.
Domestic investors are increasingly regaining their confidence in India after the country suffered its worst market turmoil since the 1991 balance of payment crisis.
The election of Prime Minister Narendra Modi along with the Reserve Bank of India's commitment to contain inflation have sparked the improved confidence.
The country has also seen its current account deficit narrow sharply thanks to measures imposed by the previous Congress government, including curbs on gold imports.
Equity mutual funds have seen 194.42 billion rupees ($3.19 billion) in inflows this year, after two consecutive years of outflows.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Alibaba to keep it simple for NYSE debutAlibaba to keep it simple for NYSE debut
By Nicole Bullock in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/381ddaf4-3f3d-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Microsoft lays off 2 100 employeesMicrosoft lays off 2,100 employees
Microsoft
The Microsoft logo is displayed in San Francisco.
The Microsoft logo is displayed in San Francisco. (Josh Edelson/ AFP/Getty Images)
By Janet I. Tu, The Seattle Times
Job Layoffs Unemployment and Layoffs Satya Nadella
Microsoft is notifying approximately 2,100 employees Thursday that they're being laid off.
Microsoft is notifying approximately 2,100 employees Thursday that they're being laid off in the second round of layoffs since the company announced in July that it would be cutting 18,000 jobs.
The cuts are spread across multiple business units and countries, a Microsoft spokeswoman said.
The company declined to provide more details of the cuts.
The jobs being cut Thursday are part of the 18,000 jobs that Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said in July that he would be eliminating over the next year.

Annenberg Public Policy Center survey provides new evidence of widespread political ignoranceA recently released Annenberg Public Policy Center survey provides new evidence of widespread political ignorance. Fellow Washington Post-affiliated blogger Reid Wilson lists some of the more striking results :
Wednesday marked national Constitution Day, the 227th anniversary of the signing of the U.S. Constitution. But only 36 percent of Americans can actually name the three branches of government the Constitution created.
That’s according to a new survey from the Annenberg Public Policy Center, and it shows a huge percentage of Americans might need to take a civics refresher course.
Only 38 percent of Americans knew the Republican Party controls the U.S. House of Representatives, while 17 percent think Democrats are still in charge. The number of people who knew Republicans were in charge has dropped 17 percent since the last time Annenberg asked, back in 2011, right after Republicans reclaimed control.
An identical number, 38 percent, knows Democrats run the Senate, while 20 percent believe Republicans control the upper chamber. Only 27 percent knew it takes a two-thirds majority of the House and Senate to override a presidential veto.
Ignorance about party control of Congress is particularly troubling, because voters unaware of these facts do not know which party to reward or blame for the legislature’s performance. It’s hard to hold political leaders accountable for their performance if you don’t even know who’s in charge.
These results are far from surprising, because they are consistent with numerous previous polls showing widespread political ignorance over a period of many decades. I discussed the relevant evidence in my recent book Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter .
As I describe in the book, widespread political ignorance is not primarily the result of stupidity or lack of availability of information. Thanks to the internet and other modern technology, political information is more readily available today than ever before, yet that has not resulted in significant increases in political knowledge. Similarly, knowledge levels have stagnated even as IQ scores and educational attainment have risen. The voters may be ignorant, but most are neither uneducated nor stupid. Unfortunately, the main cause of widespread political ignorance is the reality that, for most people, it is perfectly rational to pay little attention to political issues, because the chance that any individual voter influence electoral outcomes is infinitesmally small . The rational nature of political ignorance makes it difficult to overcome through education , and strengthens the case for reducing the impact of ignorance by making fewer decisions at the ballot box and more by “voting with our feet.”
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Amazons Carrier Billing Lets You Pay for Digital Purchases in Your Monthly Phone BillThis, made even easier.
Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
The big Amazon news of the day is the company's sudden release of six new devices: four Kindle Fire tablets and two Kindle e-readers. Slate technology writer Will Oremus tried them all and reports that "each is either a successor or a variation on some device that has come before" and "not one is revolutionary." 
Alison Griswold
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.
On the other hand, a quieter announcement involving Amazon on Wednesday might come closer to qualifying as revolutionary. Bango, a mobile payments company, said yesterday that it is working with Amazon and wireless carrier Telefónica Deutschland to let customers in Germany on Telefónica's O2 network pay for digital items such as e-books, music, and in-app purchases in their monthly phone bill starting next year.
Advertisement
This payment model is known as "carrier billing" and, according to Re/code , is common in emerging markets, where millions of people who own smartphones do not have credit cards. At the same time, Re/code notes that carrier billing is "gaining momentum" in Europe and other developed regions. Bango a month ago said that it was working with Deutsche Telekom to offer the same service across a variety of app and content stores, including BlackBerry World and Facebook.
Carrier billing is one of several systems vying to partly or entirely replace credit and debit cards. The new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus come equipped with Apple Pay , the company's stab at creating a global transactions empire. Google in March redoubled efforts to push Google Wallet and apps like Venmo are already well adopted among many smartphone users. What's interesting about carrier billing and other forms of mobile payments is the underlying assumption that access to smartphones will at some point exceed access to credit and debit cards.
In 2011, Farhad Manjoo dismissed the notion of universal mobile access as impractical, writing in Slate , "If we're looking for a payment method that everyone can use, we ought to choose something that everyone carries with them. You know what that isn't? A smartphone." But the growing popularity of carrier billing in emerging markets would seem to suggest otherwise. (A better point from that same piece: "Perhaps we should avoid it for security reasons. If someone steals your wallet but not your phone, at least you can call the police and your bank to report the crime. What do you do if your wallet is your phone—call them with your wallet?")
Top Comment
Great for the vendors, bad for the customers.  If you dispute a payment on your credit card and refuse to pay the bill, they can send you threatening letters.   More...
-Phydeau
Join In
As things stand, carrier billing still represents a small subset of mobile purchases. According to online data site Statista , charges to a phone bill in 2013 made up just 4.4 percent of mobile payments in the U.S. Credit and debit cards facilitated the vast majority of those transactions, at a combined 95 percent. Carrier billing is also limited—at least in the form described by Bango for Amazon—to being used for a relatively narrow type of purchase (digital goods).
That said, in 2013 there were an estimated 245 million people worldwide making mobile payments with an estimated global transaction volume of $235 billion. Statista projects those figures will grow to 450 million global users doing $721 billion in transactions by 2017. And just because carrier billing is currently constrained to digital purchases doesn't mean it will stay that way forever. It does sound dangerously convenient for consumers—and enticingly lucrative for retailers—to have phone charges and other purchases all appear in the same monthly bill.

McDonald s Boosts Dividend by 5 PercentAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

20% spike in apple prices due to crop damage  delay inarrivalOver 250 trucks laden with the fruit are estimated to be stuck on account of roadblocks.
Written by Anil Sasi | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:47 am
Jammu and Kashmir’s apple growers, who account for around 75 per cent of India’s total apple output, are staring at a sizeable destruction of this year’s crop in the state after the floods, with losses pegged at more than Rs 1,000 crore based on initial estimates.
Heavy rainfall that coincided with the harvest time, and ensuing logistical hurdles holding up the evacuation of harvested apples from the upper reaches of the state.
The delay in the arrival of the state’s apple crop, which was ready for harvest when the flood hit the valley, has already led to a sharp spike in the prices of the fruit in markets such as the Azadpur Wholesale Market in Delhi. Wholesale prices are already up more than 20 per cent, according to National Horticulture Board data as on September 17, than what it was last year. Over 250 trucks laden with the fruit are estimated to be stuck on account of roadblocks.
Generally, by the first week of September, apples from J&K hit the wholesale markets in the northern plains. This year, it is a different story altogether.
“Orchards on the lower reaches are all still under water,” S L Hangloo, Joint Director of the J&K Horticulture Department, told The Indian Express. Overall losses, based on initial estimates, could be well over a third of the Rs 4,500-5,000 crore output, he indicated.

Reliance Jio to Launch 4G Services in 400 Cities by March 2015Reliance Jio to Launch 4G Services in 400 Cities by March 2015
J&J invests Rs 400 cr in Telangana plantJ&J invests Rs 400 cr in Telangana plant
US STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 at records as Fed-driven rally continuesUS STOCKS-Dow  S&P 500 at records as Fed-driven rally continues
Maruti appoints RS Kalsi as head of domestic salesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Oracle / Micros  solid premise© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/5540d974-faf5-11e3-a9cd-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple s CEO Tim Cook rips apart Googles business model in 2 paragraphsApple's CEO Tim Cook rips apart Google’s business model in 2 paragraphs
Business Insider Sep 19, 2014, 03.08AM IST
Tags:
Apple CEO
(Cook writes that many internet…)
Apple CEO Tim Cook wrote an open letter to customers on Wednesday detailing the company's privacy policy. One portion of the letter sticks out in particular, and it's a clear jab at the way Google does business.
Cook writes that many internet services are free, but use your personal data to market products to you. "You are the product," Cook writes, referring to internet services like that.
That's how Google operates. Its algorithms scan your email, web searches, etc. in order to show you relevant ads. Facebook has a similar model. Here's the key part of the letter:
FEATURED ARTICLES

With iOS 8  Apple won t be able to pry into ...With iOS 8, Apple won't be able to pry into iPhones
By AP | 19 Sep, 2014, 03.00AM IST
Apple Inc. revealed the stronger protection, prefaced with a letter from CEO Tim Cook emphasizing its "fundamental" commitment to privacy & security.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Apple has tightened its technological security so not even the company can pry into a password-protected iPhone or iPad in a move meant to reassure the millions of people who are increasingly storing vital pieces of their lives on the devices.
The additional safeguard is part of Apple's latest mobile software, iOS 8 , which the Cupertino, California, company released Wednesday. Apple Inc . revealed the stronger protection in a new section of its website that is prefaced with a letter from CEO Tim Cook emphasizing the company's "fundamental" commitment to privacy and security.
The company's inability to unlock password-protected smartphones and tablets could frustrate law enforcement officials who sometimes obtain court orders to vacuum personal data off the phones for potential evidence in criminal investigations.

How Do You Define a Planet Debaters Revisit Plutohow do you define a planet debaters revisit pluto
Report: Gen Xers tend to have more income and less wealth than their parentsBy Michael A. Fletcher September 18 Follow @Fletchpost
(Photo from Flickr user photosteve101 used under Creative Commons license)
By now, it has become popular wisdom that it is getting harder to make it economically in America. Median wages have flattened, rewards for more productive workplaces tend to flow to those at the top, and the essentials of life and upward mobility—education and health care—have increased in price faster than almost anything else.
It would be nice if that were not all true. But a report released Thursday by the Pew Charitable Trusts only adds to the evidence that it is. The report finds that members of Generation X—defined in the study as those born between 1965 and 1980—earn median income of $43,000 a year–significantly more than their parents did at similar ages. But just 36 percent of them have more wealth.
(Pew Charitable Trusts)
The report found that the big culprit here is debt. The median member of Generation X carries nearly six times more debt than their parents did around the same age. Nearly everyone in Generation X reported holding student loan, credit card, medical or other debt. And the median debt burden is $7,000. Their parents, by comparison, held a little over $1,000 in debt at a similar point in their lives.
“The findings show that Gen X has bigger hurdles to overcome than previous generations did to achieve financial security,” said Diana Elliott, research officer for financial security and mobility at Pew.
The report found that economic mobility also is proving to be tougher for Gen Xers than their parents. Of the 30- and 40-somethings born into families at the bottom of the income heap, half are stuck there and nearly three-quarters have not made it to the middle.
Those at the top also tended to stay in place: nearly 7 in 10 now occupying the top income rung in their 30s are from families whose parents were also above the middle income quintile when they were in their 30s. The report also found what others have concluded when it comes to the characteristics of those closer to the top: they are more likely to be married or part of a couple than those at the bottom. They are also more likely to be college-educated.
The report, which used statistical techniques such as inflation adjustment and adjustments in family income to compensate for the size of families to help facilitate comparisons, offers some sobering implications for the children of Gen Xers–who will find it even harder to move up if their parents do not build more wealth.
Read more:

Oracle s Larry Ellison steps down as CEO  to be executive chairmanOracle s Larry Ellison steps down as CEO  to be executive chairman
Tata Steel to gain from weak euro  pound: JPMorganTata Steel to gain from weak euro  pound: JPMorgan
Yes or no  the winner will be Brand ScotlandYes or no  the winner will be Brand Scotland
Chinese footprint in IndiaChinese footprint in India
Amid Xi Jinping s visit  Indian and Chinese banks on deal-signing spreeAmid Xi Jinping s visit  Indian and Chinese banks on deal-signing spree
Editorial: Indias WTO problemE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Digital vs Print: Digital SurgeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: RBI being too hawkishE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Traders may stop supply to Flipkart  Snapdeal  Amazon on low pricingHome »   Industry
Traders may stop supply to Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon on low pricing
Traders’ association asks its members to stop supplying goods to e-commerce portals if they sell any product below the purchasing price
Kotak-ING Vysya deal a slap on foreign banks’ face
A Flipkart spokesperson said that the prices on its website are decided by the sellers. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
New Delhi: IT and telecom products traders’ association ADCTA (All Delhi Computer Traders Association) on Wednesday asked its about 25,000 members across the country to stop supplying goods to e-commerce portals and retailers if they sell any product below the price at which they have originally purchased it.
“A few companies namely Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon etc are selling the goods through Internet. In most of the cases, these companies are selling fast moving goods at a much lesser price than purchase price.”
“ADCTA advises dealers/distributors/suppliers to stop supplying goods to online companies in case these companies offer the same product less than purchase price,” ADCTA said in statement.
Many technology products such as mobile phones, tablets are available online at lesser price than in retail stores, impacting adversely their business by traders.
When contacted an Amazon India spokesperson said: “We are a marketplace. We do not determine prices. Our sellers decide what to sell on our platform and at what price points.”
A Flipkart spokesperson said: “The prices on our site are decided by our sellers. As a marketplace, we simply facilitate a platform where the sellers can connect with potential customers.”
The ADCTA joint secretary Swarn Singh alleged that some of the retailers have partnered with e-commerce firms to supply them product at prices lesser than product’s landing cost in the country and e-commerce firms bear the differential cost.
“We are channel partners. Almost all sales in retail market happens through us. We are aware of landing price of product at customs. ADCTA has written to government agencies to investigate in the matter,” Singh said.
No comments could be obtained from Snapdeal. PTI

Columns: Towards 100 smart citiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Who s getting rich off the stock marketWho's getting rich off the stock market?
By Heather Long   @byHeatherLong September 22, 2014: 12:31 PM ET
 
Rich get richer in bull market
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The United States is enjoying one of the best stock market surges in its history. But the phenomenal gains in recent years are going mostly to white, college-educated individuals who are already pretty well off.
Only 49% of Americans have any money in stocks at all, according to the latest data from the Federal Reserve. That figure includes everyone invested in retirement funds (think pensions and 401(k) plans) as well as those who take the time to buy specific stocks such as Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ), Ford ( F ) and Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ).
"Part of the reason there is so much discussion about income inequality is there is a group of people who participated in the stock market over a period where it nearly tripled, and there's another group of people that didn't," said Mark Grinblatt, a professor of finance at UCLA's Anderson School of Management.
Even among the half of America that has money in the market, there are disparities. The top 10% of American households have roughly $282,000 each in the market, if you take the median value of their holdings.
Compare that to the middle class, which has a median value of a mere $14,000 a household.
The reality is the more money you put into the market, the more you stand to gain (or lose).
Putting a dollar into the popular S&P 500 index that tracks the largest companies traded on U.S. stock exchanges in March 2009 would leave you with $3 today. That's a nice 200% return, but obviously if you had invested $1 million in the market over the same time period, you would now have $3 million.
The stock market has been especially kind to Caucasians and college graduates.
White households typically have about three times the amount of money invested that non-white families have, according to the Fed data. That's held true since the 1990s when the market shot up during the dotcom era.
Education also plays a major role. Only 35% of households headed up by someone with a high school diploma have any money in the market. Compare that to homes led by someone with a college degree -- 72% of them have investments in equities.
Professor Grinblatt has shown through research that people with higher IQs are more likely to put money into stocks.
"Even among two siblings from the same family, the sibling who has the higher IQ is more likely to participate in the stock market," he told CNNMoney.
On the one hand, some of these disparities should be expected. Rich people have more money lying around in savings that they can invest than those who are struggling to pay their bills. But the issues go deeper than that.
Even among Americans who are working and likely to have savings, they aren't always choosing to invest.
Related: How we made nearly $1 million on Apple stock
In its latest survey , the Employee Benefit Research Institute found that only 64% of workers save for retirement or have a spouse that does so.
"It's much easier for the average American to buy a smartphone than commit to a retirement plan," says Dan Greenshields, president of Capital One ShareBuilder.
In 2007, stock ownership peaked at just over 53% of American households owning any equity investments. The financial meltdown and housing crisis hurt peoples' pocketbooks, but it also shook their faith in the system.
There are calls for more education about money matters to try to close some of the stock market investing gap.
"If we give individuals responsibility for their own retirement savings, we have to make sure that they first of all save enough and that they know how to invest," said Annamaria Lusardi, a professor at George Washington University who specializes in financial literacy.
"We need to start in K-12 schools," Lusardi added. "Any year we delay by not adding financial education is one more generation out of high school without the skills and knowledge they need."
First Published: September 18, 2014: 6:46 AM ET
Most Popular

Today s links: Alibaba! Alibaba! Alibaba!Here’s how the company works, explained with 280 pairs of pants .
Also, Scotland is having its referendum on whether to break away from Great Britain — something that could have much wider implications than U.S. investors might think . And major banks, such as Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyd’s Banking Group, could relocate to London if the Scots vote for disunion.
Will the Union Jack – which merges the flags of Britain, Scotland and Ireland – change if the Scots decide to leave? Probably not much, although there are some wild proposals floating out there.
The Chinese real estate bear market spreads to more cities .
The U.S. attorney general urges changes to fight more Wall Street crime. He called on Congress to boost rewards for Wall Street whistle-blowers and fund more FBI agents with forensic accounting expertise.
Wells Fargo CEO is worried about Warren Buffett’s sodium intake .
Like graphs? Ever wondered how you could graph I Want to Hold Your Hand? Wonder no more.

CBI chief row: Bhushan  won t name  whistleblowerComments
In a stand that could lead to a face-off between the Supreme Court and CPIL — an NGO represented by advocate Prashant Bhushan — the latter has declined to disclose the identity of the ‘whistle-blower’ who leaked the visitors’ logbook at CBI chief Ranjit Sinha’s Delhi residence.
Asserting the allegations against Sinha were correct and could be verified through a probe, the Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL) affidavit filed Thursday said that revealing the whistle-blower’s identity would endanger the lives of many. CPIL members on September 17 unanimously resolved that the source would not be disclosed.
“The said person has revealed important information to the CPIL’s counsel under the clear understanding that his/her identity shall be protected,” said the affidavit. It cited the 2011 case of Satyendra Dube who was murdered after his name was leaked from the Prime Minister’s Office, where he sent a letter exposing the alleged corruption in NHAI’s project in Bihar.
“Whenever the conscience of this court has been satisfied regarding certain allegations, it has called upon the authorities to produce records and has also directed probe in several such cases,” CPIL said.
A bench headed by justice HL Dattu, set to take over as the chief justice on September 28, had on September 15 directed CPIL’s lawyer Prashant Bhushan to submit the whistle-blower’s name to the court in a sealed cover after the CBI chief had argued that the affidavit revealing the contents of the visitors’ diary was not in conformity to the SC rules. The court will take up CPIL’s affidavit on September 22.
CPIL said the allegations against Sinha could be easily verified from CBI’s own records and for this the court may seek the assistance of Anand Grover, the Special Public Prosecutor in 2G case. The NGO submitted that in many cases including Jain dairy, Radia tape, 2G case, the apex court ordered investigation without asking the source of the information and same can be done in the present case also.
Turning the heat on the  CBI director, NGO Common Cause Thursday moved an application before the SC to direct the Centre to place the progress made by the Income Tax department in its probe against Moin Akhtar Qureshi.
Common Cause, a petitioner before the SC in the coal block scam, said that the meat exporter had met Sinha at his residence about 90 times in the last 15 months and added that  Qureshi’s premises have been raided by the IT authorities and several important documents and his computers have been seized by the DGIT.

US to nominate Richard Verma as next ambassador to Indiaprint
President Barack Obama on Thursday nominated former state department official Richard Rahul Verma, an Indian-American, as the next US ambassador to India.
Verma served as secretary of state Hillary Clinton’s point man on legislative affairs, working Capitol Hill using his experience there as a long-time congressional aide.
In 2008, he was on President Barack Obama’s transition team, which essentially eases into office the new administration, working with the outgoing administration.
And that, it was said, could indicate his proximity to the White House, an important barometer for New Delhi to measure the state of relations, and the effectiveness of the ambassador.
“He is committed to building the US-India relationship, has access to the highest levels of the White House, and is exactly who we need at the helm as we look to further strengthen US-India relations,” said congressman Joe Crowley in a statement.
The US was widely expected to announce a new ambassador to New Delhi before Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the US, and DC to meet President Obama end of this month.
The previous US ambassador to US, Nancy Powell, left in less than pleasant circumstances, having fallen foul of the Indian government during the Khobragade controversy.
With Verma’s appointment as ambassador in Delhi, US state department’s South Asia desk, which oversees relations with India, will have a distinctly Indian feel to it.
Read: Housefull: With 10 days to go, Modi's US event is all sold out
Nisha Biswal, an Indian-American from Gujarat, heads the desk. And Atul Keshap, also of Indian descent — who served at the US embassy in Delhi, is one of her assistant deputy secretaries.
But Verma is not moving to Delhi tomorrow. His nomination has to be confirmed by Senate, where, however, he is not expected to encounter any major trouble or delay.
He currently serves as senior counselor at Steptoe & Johnson and the Albright Stonebridge Group, founded and run by Bill Clinton administration officials including Madeline Albright.
Verma is also a senior national security fellow at the Center for American Progress, a Washington DC think tank. 
He was senior national security advisor, counsel and foreign policy advisor to senate majority leader Harry Reid from 2002 to 2007. Verma also served with the US air force.

Continental raises hopes on Oklahoma oilContinental Resources outlines large oil area in Oklahoma
By Ed Crooks in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1903355c-3f4b-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vote counting begins in Scotland | Facts and...Vote counting begins in Scotland on independence
By AP | 19 Sep, 2014, 02.39AM IST
Polling places reported a heavy turnout Thursday. More than 4.2 million people were registered to vote _ 97 percent of those eligible.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
EDINBURGH/SCOTLAND: The polls have closed and vote counting is underway in Scotland's historic referendum on whether to end the country's 307-year-old union with England.
Polling places reported a heavy turnout Thursday. More than 4.2 million people were registered to vote _ 97 percent of those eligible.
As soon as the polls closed, vote counting began at 32 regional centers across Scotland . The final result on the independence vote is expected sometime after 0500GMT (1 a.m. EDT) Friday.
A vote for independence will trigger 18 months of negotiations on how the two countries will separate their institutions before Scotland's planned Independence Day on March 24, 2016.

Dow sizzles but dwindling bears could signal troubleDow sizzles, but dwindling bears could signal trouble
By: Adam Shell September 18, 2014 3:48 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
The dwindling number of bears on Wall Street could actually be bearish for stocks. (AP)
Both the Dow and S&P 500 are at new record highs. But the number of investment advisors that are bearish is at the lowest level since 1987, a statistic that could prove to be a cautionary tale for investors.
On Wall Street, too much giddiness and too little angst can often add up to not-so-great stock returns in the ensuing months.
In late trading Thursday, the Dow Jones industrial average was on track for its 17th record close of the year, up more than 110 points to 17,268. The Standard & Poor’s 500 was trading above 2011 and on track for its 34th record of 2014.
Indeed, when bears start to dwindle to extremely low levels — to the brink of extinction — it’s often viewed as a contrarian signal on Wall Street. The more extreme the reading, either to the bearish side or bullish side, the greater the likelihood the market moves in the opposite direction. Using that logic, that means the hot stock market may be set to cool soon.
Wall Street is witnessing an extreme drop in the number of bears, or market skeptics, as shown by the dwindling population of market newsletter writers who are negative on stocks, as measured by the Investors Intelligence sentiment index. In the week ended Sept. 2, only 13.3% of the independent investment advisors that give market advice in investment newsletters said they were “bearish” on stocks, or think equity prices will go down. That was the lowest reading since Jan. 23, 1987, according to Ned Davis Research. The famous stock market crash in October 1987, of course, occurred nine months later. The number of bears in the latest II survey, for the week ended Sept. 9, inched up slightly to 14.1% bears.
“We are now at a 27-year sentiment extreme,” senior investment strategist Ned Davis told clients in a research report.
So how have stocks fared in the past when the number of bears in the II sentiment survey dipped to 13.5 or below? An NDR analysis found that there have been 10 occurrences since 1965 where the percentage of bears dipped to such a low level.
And, in general, returns of U.S. stocks, as measured by the S&P 500-stock index, “were generally very low” compared to normal. In fact, the benchmark index was down half of the time three, six, nine and 12 months later.
What’s more, stocks were lower, on average, nine months and 12 months after bearishness fell to such extreme low levels.
The takeaway: Gains going forward tend to be harder to come by after bearishness dips to extremely low levels.
Here’s how the S&P 500 performed, on average, in the months following bearish readings of 13.5% or below:
3 mos. later:   +0.11%

Infosys forges fresh alliances with Microsoft  Hitachi and Huawei for new techE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US agency to take up high visa cost with authoritiesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Monitises Visa issue shows tech struggleMonitise’s Visa issues reflect wider struggle with UK tech groups
By Sally Davies and Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/50f2b99a-3f2f-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

In Scottish village where lovers unite  watching a dividednationAs referendum progressed, Scots’ ‘first town’ seemed to have decided.
Written by Daksh Panwar | Gretna (scotland) | Posted: September 19, 2014 3:08 am
An idyllic village with a population of just over 2,000, Gretna, unassuming and discreet amid the vast expense of barley crops, looks like any another north England village you’ve just left behind.
Except, it is not north England. It is Scotland. Right next to the river Sark that divides the two home nations, which may become two sovereign countries should the little brother opt for ‘Yes’ in Thursday’s vote for independence.
Last-minute opinion polls showed the race was too close to call, with the pro-union ‘Better Together’ campaign marginally ahead. Here in Gretna, however, it is no borderline case. It is an emphatic ‘No’ to breaking up the 307-year-old union.
In preferring so, symbolically, Gretna is not being any less Scottish. Gretna is just being Gretna.
For almost two-and-a-half centuries, Gretna has been where couples from all over Britain have come to unite, for life and thereafter. As the story goes, Gretna, the first Scottish village on the old way to Edinburgh, used to be the place for young lovers from England to elope to — to take advantage of a Scottish law that allowed them to marry at 16, two years earlier than in England.
In the event, tying the knot here became a tradition in the United Kingdom, and to this day couples flock to Gretna to seal permanently their love. And it is the first thing you notice when, coming from Carlisle, England, you cross the Sark bridge: the first building to the right, Old Toll Bar, welcomes you with a sign that reads ‘First House in Scotland’ and, next to it, another that says: “This place has seen 10,000 weddings since 1830.”
Lately, however, driven by the symbolism of Gretna and its location, a different set of romantics has been arriving here. These are the ones who want Scotland to stay in the marriage with England.
They have erected here a cairn, a monument of stones hand-painted by individuals from Britain and elsewhere in the world, pleading with the Scots to not walk away.
“British people care about keeping their country together, and this monument is an expression of that,” Rory Stewart, Conservative MP from Penrith and The Border, which is on the other side of the river, told The Indian Express as Scotland voted in the referendum.
Despite the romance associated with Gretna, it is not just romance that is keeping the United Kingdom united here. It is economics.
Being on the border, and a good couple of hours’ drive from both Edinburgh and Glasgow, Gretna is more dependent on Carlisle, the regional economic hub, which is just 15 minutes away.
John McMonies, having a drink in Scotland’s ‘first pub’ — or ‘last’, depending on where you are coming from — down the road from Gretna Inn, explains why.
“I live here in Gretna and I work in Carlisle. Like many others here. So ‘No’ was a fairly continued…

Desperate neighbours find Omar Abdullahs gatesshutPeople from Sonawar — where Omar as well as several other top politicians reside — said that no official from the administration has visited them so far. (Source: PTI Photo)
Written by Adil Akhzer | Srinagar | Posted: September 19, 2014 3:01 am
Omar Abdullah’s neighbours have claimed that the J&K CM closed the gates of his house at Gupkar when they needed his help.
People from Sonawar, which is close to Gupkar — where Omar as well as several other top politicians reside — said that no official from the administration has visited them so far. “When we tried to approach the CM during the floods, they locked the gates,” said Mushtaq
Ahmad, a resident of Sonawar, one of three Assembly segments shortlisted by the National Conference for Omar to contest from in the upcoming polls. “We don’t need their sympathies now,” Ahmad added.
In contrast, PDP chief Mehbooba Mufti, who lives nearby, threw open the doors of her house to anybody who wanted to meet her. While she maintained she may not be able to help out with food and supplies, it could prove to be a clever political move.
Apart from Sonawar, anger has also mounted against the state government across Srinagar, with people saying the government is yet to reach them. On Thursday, people in Bemina, a neighbourhood in the outskirts of the city, blocked roads, disrupting traffic for hours.

Alibaba IPO prices at $68 per share - Dow JonesAlibaba IPO prices at $68 per share - Dow Jones
Nielsen India acquires Indicus AnalyticsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Nielsen India acquires Indicus Analytics
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, September 18:  
Global information and insights provider Nielsen on Thursday said it had acquired research and analytics firm Indicus Analytics for an undisclosed sum.
This is the first time Nielsen is following the inorganic growth strategy in India. It also said it will look at more such acquisitions in the country in the future.
“This acquisition will help Nielsen add capabilities for macro and microeconomic research and analytics with relevance for both public and private sectors,” said Piyush Mathur, President, Nielsen India.
Nielsen India has also appointed a separate team to drive its mergers and acquisitions strategy. Indicus’ MD Laveesh Bhandari will join Nielsen as the chief economist officer.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Man declared dead 14 yrs agoheldPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: September 19, 2014 3:11 am
One of the key accused in a Jehanabad massacre case was arrested by the Patna police on Friday, 14 years after his son declared him dead in court in an apparent bid to prevent his father’s arrest.
The Shastri Nagar police arrested Vinay Singh, who has been evading arrest in the 1980 Paras Bigha massacre, in which 13 dalits and OBCs were killed in a clash between upper caste landlords and the MCC (now CPI-Maoist). Singh, who was sentenced to life about 18 years ago, has been evading arrest since 1999 when he was released on parole and never returned to jail.
“Vinay Singh is an important catch, especially when his son had given declaration in a Patna court about his father’s death soon after he had come out on parole. Singh’s son told the court that he had cremated his father,” SSP Manu Maharaj told The Indian Express.
In January 1980, 13 OBC and SCs were killed at Paras Bigha village in Jehanabad.
Forty-four people faced trial in the case, of which 37 were convicted by a sessions court.
Main accused Vinay Singh was sentenced to 10 years’ RI. The Patna High Court had upheld the sessions court’s verdict in 1996.

Gymnaste  sex-symbol et dsormais patronne d un empire mdiatique pro-PoutineE-mail
Commenter
RUSSIE - Alina Kabaeva continue sa fulgurante ascension. Après être devenue l'une des gymnastes les plus récompensées de l'histoire et avoir été élue députée à seulement 24 ans, cette proche de Vladimir Poutine quitte la Douma pour prendre la tête de NMG, l'un des principaux groupes de médias russes pro-Kremlin.
"Alina a accepté de prendre le poste de président du conseil d'administration" du Groupe médiatique national (NMG), a annoncé mardi 16 septembre la porte-parole du groupe, Oksana Razoumova. Elle dirigeait déjà le conseil de surveillance de NMG, groupe co-fondé en 2008 par l'oligarque Iouri Kovaltchouk , alias le "banquier de Poutine", récemment visé par des sanctions américaines pour ses liens avec le Kremlin .
"Femme la plus souple de Russie"
Alina Kabaeva, 31 ans, se retrouve désormais aux commandes d'un véritable empire médiatique qui comprend les chaînes REN-TV et Piaty Kanal, les quotidiens populaires Izvestia, Tvoï Den, la radio Rousskaïa Sloujba Novosteï et contrôle la principale chaîne de télévision Pervy Kanal ainsi que le studio de cinéma Art Pictures.
Souvent présentée comme "la femme la plus souple de Russie" , la jeune femme s'est distinguée en remportant le concours général des championnats d'Europe de gymnastique en 1998, à l'âge de 15 ans. Jusqu'à la fin de sa carrière en 2007, elle a raflé un titre olympique, 9 titres de championne du monde et 15 autres titres de championne d'Europe.
Athlète émérite, Alina Kabaeva est aussi une icône glamour en Russie. Élue "femme russe la plus sexy de l'année en 2006" , on la retrouve notamment à la "Une" du magazine Maxim. Quatre ans plus tard, elle apparaîtra aussi sur la couverture du Vogue russe.
A partir de 2007, année de son élection à la Douma sous l'étiquette de Russie unie (le parti de Poutine), elle commence à s'afficher en public avec le président russe. Une proximité qui fait jaser, jusqu'à ce que le Moskovski Korrespondent franchisse le pas.
En avril 2008, ce tabloïd russe annonce que Vladimir Poutine a divorcé en secret de sa femme Lioudmila et s'apprête à se marier avec Alina Kabaeva. Une information reprise par plusieurs médias russes et européens mais rapidement démentie par Vladimir Poutine .
"J'ai toujours eu un sentiment négatif à l'égard de ceux qui, avec leur nez rempli de morve et leurs fantasmes érotiques, s'ingèrent dans la vie des autres", lance le président russe. A peine deux jours après ces déclarations, on apprend que la publication du Moskovski Korrespondent est suspendue, ce qui est interprété par une partie de la presse comme une tentative d'intimidation du pouvoir . Le journal cesse définitivement de paraître en octobre 2008.
En avril 2013, Vladimir Poutine annonçait avoir divorcé de son épouse Lioudmila après 30 ans de mariage. Le président russe confirmait ce que beaucoup savaient déjà, faisant resurgir les rumeurs sur une liaison avec Alina Kabaeva. De quoi enflammer à nouveau la presse people .
LIRE AUSSI :

L effet pervers de Game of Thrones sur les huskiesGame Of Thrones: la série responsable de l'augmentation du nombre d'abandons de huskies?
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
GAME OF THRONES - Une chose est sûre, l'association anglaise de défense des animaux The Blue Cross, ne fait pas partie de ceux qui attendent avec impatience la saison 5 de Game Of Thrones.
Pour la première fois, les huskies font leur entrée dans le top 10 des chiens les plus fréquemment abandonnés. En cause ? La série Game Of Thrones affirme Blue Cross .
Le programme de HBO met notamment en scène une portée de loups, qui protègent la famille Stark, très aimée des téléspectateurs. Il n'en fallait pas plus pour que le nombre d'adoptions de huskies augmente... ainsi que le nombre d'abandons lorsque les gens se lassent.
Les chiffres publiés par Blue Cross sont éloquents : l'année dernière, 78 huskies ont été abandonnés dans leurs locaux, contre seulement 10 en 2008. L'association fait état d'une augmentation de 700 % du nombre d'abandons depuis le début de la série. Un phénomène qui ne touche pas seulement les chiens, puisqu'on se souvient que le nombre d'abandons des chouettes avait atteint des sommets à la fin de la saga Harry Potter .
De l'écran à la réalité
Dans les deux cas, les téléspectateurs voient leurs personnages préférés se lier d'amitié avec des animaux, mais le passage de l'écran à la réalité n'est pas toujours idyllique. “Les huskies ne sont pas des chiens dont il est facile de prendre soin” prévient ainsi Caroline Thompson la responsable adjointe de l'association. “Dans l'idéal, ils ont besoin de plusieurs heures d'exercice par jour, et de propriétaires expérimentés qui disposent de beaucoup de temps pour s'occuper d'eux”.
Des propriétaires comme Sophie Turner , l'actrice qui joue Sansa Stark dans Game Of Thrones, par exemple ? Quand elle a appris que le chien qui jouait Lady dans la série n'aurait nulle part où aller à la fin du tournage de la saison un, elle l'a adopté . L'animal coule depuis des jours paisibles chez la famille de l'actrice. De quoi inspirer les fans.
Lire aussi:

Le Dieu du stade 2015 c est luiPrevious Story
Next Story
PHOTOS. Dieux du stade 2015 : Morgan Parra fait la couverture du calendrier pour les 15 ans
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
SPORT - Les Dieux du stade ont dévoilé la couverture de leur calendrier 2015 ce mardi 16 septembre. Pour ses 15 ans, le célèbre calendrier a choisi Morgan Parra, le demi de mêlée de l'ASM Clermont Auvergne comme tête d'affiche.
La couverture du calendrier 2015 (un anniversaire spécial puisqu'il s'agissait à l'origine de mettre en valeur les atouts du rugby à 15)  a été dévoilée sur la page Facebook des Dieux du stade . La voici:
Post by Dieux du Stade .
Pour en voir plus, il faudra attendre le 2 octobre, jour de sortie du quinzième calendrier des Dieux du Stade.
Pour cette édition baptisée "une année de plaisir", plusieurs rugbymen donnent la date: Parra bien sûr mais aussi les joueurs du Stade Français Pascal Papé, Hugo Bonneval, Jules Plisson). Par ailleurs, les pages ne sont plus réservées à l'ovalie. D'autres sportifs prennent aussi la pose avec cette année le footballeur Djibril Cissé, le judoka Loïc Piétri, les handballeurs Nikola et Luka Karabatic et William Accambray.
En attendant les photos, les coulisses ont déjà été dévoilés à la télévision... et voici un avant goût en images:
Close
Les Dieux du stade 2015
sur

Drogue et alcool  l trange dfense de Robin Thicke  propos de "Blurred Lines"Robin Thicke: sous l'emprise de la drogue, il n'aurait pas écrit "Blurred Lines"
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
PEOPLE - Du succès des charts aux salles d'audition des tribunaux américains, drôle d'année pour Robin Thicke, le chanteur du titre controversé Blurred Lines. Controversé non seulement en raison des paroles, mais aussi de la musique, puisque les enfants de Marvin Gaye l'ont attaqué à ce sujet, lui et Pharrel Williams. Blurred Lines serait en effet un plagia t de Got To Give It Up une chanson de Marvin Gaye de 1977. Face à cette accusation, Robin Thicke et Pharrel Williams ont à leur tour porté plainte. Vous suivez toujours ?
Les choses se compliquent avec les récentes déclarations de Robin Thicke. Le Hollywood Reporter publiait lundi 15 septembre des extraits du procès verbal de son audition, que le journal a réussi à se procurer.
Robin Thicke y adopte une défense pour le moins...étonnante. Selon le chanteur, il n'aurait jamais été capable de plagiat. Éthique, conscience professionnelle? Rien de tout ça. "J'ai passé l'année 2013 complètement défoncé", se défend le chanteur.
“Pharrel a écrit presque chaque partie de la chanson”
Robin Thicke n'aurait ainsi pas pu être impliqué dans le processus créatif de l'écriture de Blurred Lines: “Chaque jour, je me réveillais et prenais une Vicodin pour commencer la journée et puis je remplissais une bouteille d'eau avec de la vodka et je buvais durant mes interviews” résume le chanteur. Une façon comme une autre de se dédouaner, mais aussi de savonner la planche pour son acolyte, Pharrel Williams: “la réalité c'est que Pharrell avait le rythme et qu'il a écrit presque chaque partie de la chanson ” explique-t-il concernant le possible plagiat.
Pourtant, dans une interview de 2013 le chanteur confiait à GQ: “Pharrell et moi étions dans le studio et je lui ai dit que l'une de mes chansons préférées de tous les temps était de Marvin Gaye Got To Give It Up. Je me suis dit, 'c'est ça qu'il faut que nous fassions'”. “Sincèrement, je ne savais plus ce que je disais”, élude aujourd'hui Robin Thicke.
Des révélations que le chanteur n'apprécie apparemment pas de voir rendues publiques. “Ce n'est là qu'une façon pour la partie adverse de détourner l'attention de la faiblesse de leurs accusations, et du fait qu'ils n'ont aucune preuve” ont réagi les avocats du chanteur.
Lire aussi:

Jimmy Choo (le chien) est la nouvelle coqueluche du WebCe chien part à la conquête d'Instagram
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
ART - Dans la guerre qui oppose chiens et chats pour prendre le contrôle d'internet, les amateurs de canidés viennent définitivement de marquer un point. Leur nouvelle mascotte ? Jimmy Choo, un adorable bull terrier que son propriétaire met en scène sur Instagram. À la manière d'un Troqman , le créatif Rafael Mantesso mêle prise de vue réelles et dessins, pour des résultats étonnants. Qu'il imagine son chien en héros de la Belle et le clochard, ou en sujet des plus grandes peintures de l'histoire de l'art, les internautes sont fans.
Close
Jimmy Choo le bull terrier
sur

India calls for EM currency swapsIndia calls for EM currency swaps
Stocks Rise on Fed s Calming WordsStocks Rise on Fed s Calming Words
Growthink Named to Inc. 5000 List for Third TimeGrowthink Named to Inc. 5000 List for Third Time
China lifts red curtainChina lifts red curtain
SBI  ICICI Bank get credit lines from Chinese bankSBI  ICICI Bank get credit lines from Chinese bank
Larry Ellison steps down as Oracle CEOLarry Ellison steps down as Oracle CEO
Amazon unveils tablet line-upAmazon unveils tablet line-up
Cipla licenses rights to SalixHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Cipla licenses rights to Salix
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, September 18:  
Drugmaker Cipla has granted Salix Pharmaceuticals exclusive rights under certain patent applications in the ‘Rifaximin complexes’ family, used as antibiotics. The grant is on a worldwide basis, excluding the countries of Asia (other than Japan) and Africa, a Cipla note said. Salix will make an upfront payment and milestone payments to Cipla, under the new licence agreement regarding ‘Rifaximin Complexes’ patent rights. Salix also will pay a royalty on net sales of products covered by the licensed patents.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Privacy Policy  UPDATEDCONTACT US
SCOPE AND CONSENT
When you use the online services, you are contracting with NBCUniversal.  If you reside outside of the United States, NBCUniversal is your data controller.  By using the online services, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your  personal information  as described in this Privacy Policy.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Our goal is to collect and use information to deliver effective and personalized services which take your interests and preferences into account, as well as for our legitimate business needs and interests.
 
There are two main types of information we collect about our online users:
Information that identifies you: This is commonly referred to as “personal information” and includes, for example, information that you provide to us such as your name, home address, age, gender, telephone number, e-mail address, payment information (including your credit card number), and/or photos or video footage of you; and
Information that relates to you, but on its own does not identify you: Such as information about your Internet connection, the equipment you use to access our online services and information relating to your usage of those services.
There are six main categories of information we collect about our online services users that include (but are not limited to) the following:
Contact/Registration information: for example, your telephone number or e-mail address, where you have subscribed to a service such as program updates; name, age, gender or interests when you register for an account on one of our online services; delivery address where you are buying a product or service through an online service; or your age, location or delivery address if you choose to enter a competition or sweepstake offered through the online services.
Transaction information: when you order products or services through the online services, you may provide information such as your credit / debit card details and other personal information related to that transaction.
Information that you provide on message boards and other user forums: including your username, images or videos.  Please use caution when posting to messages boards or other forums, as information posted to these portions of the online services is public information.
Information about your equipment: for example, the type and version of your device’s operating system or web browser.  
Information about your interactions with the online services: for example, your Internet protocol or (IP) address, pages that you visit within the online services, gameplay data or other information collected through  Cookies and Tracking Technologies . 
Information that is collected from social networks and publicly available data: if you visit our online services on a device through which you also interact with social networks or if you interact with us through a social media function such as a plug-in (for example, a Facebook “like” button) then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some information from your social network profile (such as your name, email address, your friend list, photo, age, gender, location, birthday, social networking ID, current city, the people/sites you follow, and so forth). If you don’t want a social network to collect the information about you as described above, or you don’t want to a social network to share it with us and other third parties, please review the privacy settings and instructions of the applicable social network before you visit and use our online services.
We may also receive other information (e.g., content viewed and information about the advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on, etc.) from your interaction with the online services. You agree that we may share your video viewing with, or obtain information about your video viewing from, third-party social media sites for two years or until you withdraw consent.The information we have access to from the third-party social media websites varies by website and is controlled by your privacy settings on that website and by your consent. By associating an account managed by a third party with your NBCUniversal account and authorizing us to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, use, and store information from these websites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
We collect your information when you use our online services in three main ways:
Directly from you, when you provide it to us: for example, when you request products or services from us, when you register with us, respond to surveys, contact us or otherwise interact with us. Please remember that if others use devices into which you remain logged in, they may share information with us as if they were you, and they may have access to information that you have previously provided us.  To protect your privacy, please log out from the online services you use from shared devices.
Automatically, when you use our online services: we collect information through the use of Cookies and Other Technologies and when you download our Mobile Apps.  Please see our  Cookies and Tracking Technologies , and  Mobile Apps  pages for further information, including your choices in relation to the use of these technologies.
From third parties including social networks, from publicly available records and from our trusted business partners.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information to:
provide the services you have requested;
create an online services account if you have requested one;
personalize the services offered by us or our affiliates, including providing personalized advertising on some online services (see options for opting-out of personalized advertising  here );
respond to your inquiries, requests, and comments;
allow you to participate in the interactive features of our online services, where you choose to do so;
provide technical support for the online services;
prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including copyright infringement) on the online services;
protect the safety of users and others on the online services;
enforce our online services’ terms of service;
understand how online services are used so that we can continuously improve them, and the services we provide to you;
send you service-related communications, including announcements and administrative messages; and
send you newsletters and information about products, services and promotions relating to us and/or our business partners or other organizations that we work with, in accordance with your communication preferences. Please see  Your Rights and Choices  for further information about how you can control these updates.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Information shared among NBCUniversal affiliates.
When you choose to register for an account on any NBCUniversal online service: the information you provide may be shared with NBCUniversal affiliates and used to help us better tailor our services, products and advertising to you. Note that you may be registered for different accounts with different NBCUniversal group companies or in different areas of our business. Please visit the account settings page of the applicable online service if you wish you “de-register” from your account or for more information, or e-mail  privacy@nbcuni.com .
Information collected automatically: this information collected from your interaction with the online services via  Cookies and Tracking Technologies , which may or may not include personal information, may be shared with NBCUniversal affiliates for the purposes of research, analysis, marketing and ad-serving.  For information about this and your choices see  Cookies and Tracking Technologies .
Information shared with trusted third parties:
 
Service providers or business partners that we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf: Such as for hosting websites, fulfilling transactions, maintaining databases, administering contests, providing technology services and platforms, and processing payments.  These parties are provided only with the personal information or other information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose that information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf, or to comply with legal requirements. We take steps to ensure that third-party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information.
Social Networks: You may interact with certain features of the online services that cause information to be published to your social networks.  For example, you may click on a Facebook “like” button, which publishes to your Facebook account that you “like” one of our TV shows or movies.  On pages of the online services that contain social network functionality, the social network providing the functionality may be able to collect information about you, even if you don’t use that functionality. For example, if a page within the online services contains a Facebook “like” button, Facebook may be able to collect data about your visit to that page, even if you don’t click on the “like” button. To control this sharing of information, please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of it before you use the online services.
For Mobile Apps: In addition, in relation to  Mobile Apps  we may share your usage and personal information with operating system, platforms providers, carriers and/or other mobile apps either operated by us or third parties. Please see our Mobile Apps section for additional detail.
Information we share with advertisers (including Targeted Advertising)
 
Some online services, including Mobile Apps, may be supported with advertising, and collect data to help the online services serve ads.  This helps keep the cost of online services low or free.
 
We may work with advertisers and third-party advertising networks, who may receive information about how you interact with advertising provided in the online service.  We may also work with consumer data resellers that buy and/or sell information to other companies for multiple purposes including offering products and services that may interest you. These third parties may view, edit or set their own tracking technologies/cookies.  The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this Privacy Policy. They might also obtain information about other applications that you have downloaded to your mobile device, the mobile websites you visit and other information about you or your device in order to analyze and serve anonymous targeted advertising on the online services and elsewhere. For information about your choices relating to these activities, see  Cookies and Tracking Technologies .
 
Information shared with other parties
In addition, we may disclose your personal information collected through the online services to law enforcement agencies, government/regulatory bodies, and content protection organizations to:
Protect our legal rights, privacy or safety, and those of our subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, agents and contractors or other individuals;
Protect the safety and security of visitors to our online services or other properties;
Protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes;
Respond to inquiries or requests from government, regulatory, law enforcement or public authorities;
Permit us to pursue available remedies, commence, participate in, or defend litigation, or limit the damages that we may sustain;
Comply with the law including with subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, and other legal process; or
Enforce applicable terms of service
Sale or transfer of all or part of our business or assets
We reserve the right to transfer your usage information and personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets so that the buyer can continue to offer you the online services. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with reasonable notice of such transfer, or as otherwise required by law. If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer, you should contact the subsequent owner of the business.
CHILDREN
Except where otherwise indicated, NBCUniversal online services are general audience sites not designed or intended for use by children under the age of 13. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the online services used by their children. Except where otherwise indicated we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13.
 
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child (who is under 13) has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at  privacy@nbcuni.com . We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We maintain procedural, technical and physical safeguards for our online services to help protect against loss, misuse or unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on our online services.  We also ask the service providers that help us deliver our online services to so the same.  For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our online services.  Unfortunately, no transmission of data is guaranteed to be completely secure.  It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully.  Therefore, any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk.  If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please notify us using the contact details below.
 
Usernames & Passwords
It is important that you protect and maintain the security of any account and that you notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of any NBCUniversal account.  Do not disclose your password to anyone else.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Communication Preferences and Opt-outs
If you have subscribed to one or more of our email newsletters or are receiving them from us and you don’t want them anymore, you can unsubscribe.   Select the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any message, by other means provided to unsubscribe, or using the contact details below, to unsubscribe from marketing and promotional e-mails.  However, you cannot unsubscribe from some service related messages.
 
Mobile Apps
For additional information about your choices in relation to Mobile Apps including information on how to opt out of targeted advertising see the  Mobile Apps policy .
 
Advertising/Cookies and Similar Technologies
For more information about your choices for cookies and similar technology (“Cookies and Tracking Technology”) including where such technology is used to provide targeted or other advertising on our online services please see our  Cookies and Tracking Technologies  policy.
 
Access and Correction
In addition to the functionality provided to you via the online services (such as using “account settings” for registered users), where legally required we provide online visitors with access to their personal information and the ability to review, update and correct it.
Some access requests may be subject to a small fee. To help your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, and possibly photo ID before granting access to your personal information.  Please contact  privacy@nbcuni.com  for more information about exercising these rights.
 
Data Retention and Deletion
We will retain your data for as long as you use the online services and for a reasonable time thereafter.  If you’d like to delete the data that you provided via the online services please use the settings on the online services or contact us at  privacy@nbcuni.com  and we will respond in a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of this data may be required in order for the online services to function properly, and we may be required to retain certain information by law.
WHERE YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE USED
NBCUniversal is based in the United States and may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible to any of our affiliates and third-party service providers internationally. Where the transfer of information is to a country which does not provide an adequate level of information protection, NBCUniversal has taken steps to ensure that your personal information receives an appropriate level of protection.
 
If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including personal information, may be transferred to, and processed, stored and used in the United States.  Under United States law, your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States.
 
By using our online services and providing your personal information to us you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries including those which do not provide an equivalent level of information protection as the European Economic Area (EEA).
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
For more information about the use of Cookies and Other Technology on our online services (including your opt-out choices) please see the  Cookies and Tracking Technologies  policy. Through our Cookies and Tracking Technologies policy, we provide opt-out choices.  The effect of an opt-out will be to stop targeted advertising, but it will still allow the collection of usage data for certain purposes (e.g., research, analytics and internal online services operation purposes).
MOBILE APPS
For more information about our information collection and use practices with respect to online services that are mobile applications (“Mobile Apps”) see the  Mobile Apps  policy.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Notice to California Residents:
 
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which our online service has disclosed certain personal information (as defined by California law) during the preceding year for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us at Chief Privacy Officer, 100 Universal City Plaza, 1280, Universal City, California, 91608-1002, US. For all requests, you must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.  In the body of your request, please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you.  You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response.  Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, email, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
 
California Business & Professions Code Section 22575(b)(as amended effective January 1, 2014) provides that California residents are entitled to know how NBCUniversal responds to “Do Not Track” browser settings.  NBCUniversal does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed.  We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created.
 
Links to Other Websites:
 
The online services may contain links to third-party websites for your convenience and / or information (for example, to sites which are provided by our third-party vendors).  If you access other websites using the links provided, you may leave NBCUniversal’s online services.  When you access these other sites, even ones that may contain the NBCUniversal logo, please understand that the operators of these websites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, which may differ from ours and we do not endorse or control the policies or practices of that website.
You should always read the Privacy Policy of any website you access carefully in order to understand their specific privacy and information usage practices.
UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives, changes in the law or technology, or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use.  If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information so that we are using it for purposes or sharing data with third parties that you have not consented to, we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by either:  (1) announcing the change on the home page of our website or (2) taking other actions as we deem appropriate under the circumstances, including without limitation, posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy online. You agree that we may notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a notice on our online services.  You should check our online services frequently for updates.
 
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” or similar legend at the top of this page.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet, accessible through this site.  By continuing to use this online service following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes.  If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or in part, please do not continue using our online services.
CONTACT US
For any queries in relation to this Privacy Policy please contact us at  privacy@nbcuni.com  or Chief Privacy Officer, NBCUniversal Compliance Department, 100 Universal City Plaza, 1280, Universal City, California, 91608-1002, US.
 
For enquiries from outside of the US please contact us at  privacy@nbcuni.com  or Chief Privacy Officer, Central Saint Giles, St Giles High Street, London, WC2H 8NU, UK.

Encyclopaedia Britannica sees digital growth  aims to draw...1
Print sales fell precipitously in the face of fast-evolving digital platforms. The company was sold in late 1995 to Swiss investor Jacob Safra, who ended its door-to-door sales operation, cutting loose about 2,500 contract salespeople worldwide, Cauz said.
With the launch of Wikipedia in 2001, the writing was on the wall for Encyclopaedia Britannica's pricey leather-bound sets. Cauz, a native of Mexico City with an MBA from Northwestern University, took the helm in 2003, shifting the company's focus from consumer sales to the $10 billion U.S. educational market. He closed the book for good on its printed encyclopedia in 2012.
The global educational business now represents 90 percent of the company's revenues and virtually all of its profit. Key products include Britannica School, ImageQuest and "Pathways: Science," with an assortment of offerings that serve students from prekindergarten through college. Total revenues are up nearly 10 percent this year, Cauz said.
Encyclopaedia Britannica employs 500 people worldwide, with 210 housed in expansive riverfront offices at 325 N. LaSalle St., a site visited by many Chicagoans in its previous incarnation as Traffic Court. User interface, curriculum and technology specialists abound as the company's diversified business model evolves.
Though the company itself is in the black, Britannica.com is barely breaking even, Cauz said. The educational business allows him leverage to tweak the online encyclopedia, and the patience to nurture it, as he seeks to increase its reach. That means taking back business from Wikipedia, a free encyclopedia website built and maintained by users, which dominates the digital reference space.
Britannica is a decided underdog in the digital world. Wikipedia has nearly 4.6 million English language articles, compared with 106,000 for Britannica.
Where Britannica trumps Wikipedia is through a "rigorous editorial process," Cauz said. Like Wikipedia, users and scholars contribute to the database, but each article is professionally vetted by Britannica, enabling students and dilettantes alike to speak with authority on any given subject.
"I think the honeymoon for 'everything goes' is over," Cauz said. "I think people are understanding that even though digital technologies are great ways of creating and disseminating content, knowledge and scholarship are not democracies. There are people that know better, and the challenge is how to make that knowledge more efficient and make that knowledge reach many, many more people."
Britannica has added some 2,900 new articles and revised 7 million words this year, Cauz said. The site also includes some 5,000 videos. Though the database continues to grow, its breadth won't soon rival Wikipedia's, which details porn stars to Pokemon, and even includes what Cauz describes as an "inaccurate" entry on himself.
On core subject matters, Britannica covers much of the same turf as Wikipedia. Finding its articles, though, can be a little more challenging, something Cauz readily acknowledges.
"We need more visibility," he said. "We need to be able to attract more people. We need to be more present on search engines."
A Google search for Abraham Lincoln, for example, came up with nearly 3.5 million results, with a Wikipedia entry at the top of Page 1. The Britannica entry was near the middle of Page 2, well behind such esteemed sites as BrainyQuote.com. A click on the Britannica link revealed a full, free, media-rich article.
The Britannica page also featured video and banner ads for everything from Home Depot to a Chicago law office. Most are placed by a real-time bidding network, but an in-house staff also sells advertising. Unlike some publishers, the company has yet to delve into native advertising — paid online editorial content designed to lure readers, a line Cauz is not ready to cross.
Almost everything else is on the table for the virtual encyclopedia.
"If Britannica becomes an anchor on the Web for people that are wanting to learn and know, we can do a lot of things with this brand," Cauz said. "It can be very, very profitable."
I would like a copy of the printed books if the price was right !
milesjesu1

Beyond sweet talk and tempting dealsFor Xi, the stakes in a successful visit to Delhi are high.
Written by Minxin Pei | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:37 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 10:50 am
As New Delhi gets ready to roll out the red carpet for Chinese President Xi Jinping, the question on the minds of most observers is, what exactly does he seek to accomplish during his state visit to India?
Few doubt the importance of Xi’s visit. Both countries have recently changed top leadership.  Establishing a good working relationship at the top is a necessary step towards managing the complex and friction-prone Sino-Indian ties. For Xi, the stakes in a successful visit to Delhi are high. Since assuming his position as the Communist Party of China’s general secretary in November 2012, Xi has opted for a risky foreign policy strategy that has resulted in a simultaneous deterioration in Sino-Japanese and Sino-American relations — a troubling development for a country that has prided itself on a pragmatic and low-profile foreign policy for the last three decades.
While Xi may be eager to show Washington and Tokyo his toughness, he nevertheless seems aware that he would be courting assured strategic encirclement if he antagonises China’s powerful neighbour to the west — India. A sensible policy towards Delhi, therefore, should be one that seeks to reduce India’s fears of growing Chinese power and assertive foreign policy behaviour. This objective, modest as it may seem on the surface, is not easy to achieve. Mutual strategic suspicions run deep. Longstanding contentious issues, in particular unresolved border disputes and Chinese support for Pakistan, greatly limit the extent to which bilateral relations can be improved.
Therefore, from the Chinese perspective, Xi’s visit has high stakes but modest, albeit realistic, objectives. The India-China summit will be seen as a success if both sides reach a fundamental understanding that a strategic conflict between the world’s two largest developing nations is both unnecessary and calamitous.
Yet, reassuring rhetoric may not be enough to allow Xi to earn Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s trust. Xi needs to back up his words of reassurance with concrete action. There are three ways Xi can charm and convince Modi, who has carefully avoided upsetting Beijing, that India can gain far more from working with China than working against it.
The easiest way is to use effusive rhetoric and symbols to show that China truly values its ties with India and regards India’s rise as a great opportunity, not a threat. China can garner some goodwill in India by expanding cultural and education exchanges aimed at raising India’s profile and prestige in China (where knowledge of India is abysmal). Beijing has recently upgraded its diplomatic presence in Delhi. The new Chinese ambassador to India, Le Yucheng, is the first Chinese diplomat with the rank of a vice minister to be posted in India.

No more advantage BJPThe trouble for the BJP is that the same logic did not work in Rajasthan and Gujarat. (Source: PTI)
Written by Yogendra Yadav | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:46 am | Updated: September 17, 2014 7:16 am
The bypoll results are clearly bad news for the BJP, though I am not sure if it is good news for the Congress and other opposition parties. The BJP has reasons to worry, especially because these results reinforce the message of earlier bypolls in some other states. But the signals for the Congress and other opposition parties are neither consistent nor strong enough to count as a trend in their favour.
The BJP cannot hide behind the alibi that this was a local election whose results don’t amount to a national trend. It is true that bypolls often see  local dynamics that do not reflect any general trend. But in this case, the fact is nearly 50 assembly seats across the country have gone to polls in the last few weeks. Most of these seats were held by the BJP. The only consistent trend across all these seats and states is a setback for the BJP. That cannot be a coincidence.
Nor does it look like a case of merely state-level trends. Usually, the incumbent party in the state tends to do better in bypolls. The ruling party tends to use official machinery liberally to distribute patronage. Besides, people wish to get benefits from the ruling party in the remaining part of its tenure. Hence, the bypoll results do not help gauge the public mood for the forthcoming assembly polls.
It is clear that state-level incumbency has worked in many cases. The Congress’s good showing in Uttarakhand and Karnataka was clearly due to incumbency advantage used deftly by skilful chief ministers. The Shiromani Akali Dal’s improved showing in both bypolls in Punjab (they won in one seat and improved votes in the other) also reflected the power of the ruling party, including many undue advantages. Alliance arithmetic was clearly the predominant factor in Bihar, more than the incumbency advantage. The spectacular results for the SP in Uttar Pradesh were no doubt aided by the BSP’s absence from this round of bypolls. Yet there is no doubt that the effort the ruling party had put in to revive its fortunes have paid off. The SP improved its position compared to both the previous assembly and recent Lok Sabha elections.
These are all state-level trends. One should be cautious before drawing national conclusions from them. The trouble for the BJP is that the same logic did not work in Rajasthan and Gujarat. The ruling party, sitting on national- and state-level electoral sweeps, faced significant reverses in both  states. So it is not easy for the BJP to dismiss these results as predictable state-level verdicts. In fact, the continued…

Ticking outside the boxSimply put, gay, lesbian and bisexual are variations in sexual orientation. The transgendered represent a dissonance between one’s assigned and chosen gender identity.
Written by Amrita Nandy | Posted: September 17, 2014 2:08 am
At long last, the transgendered, among our most persecuted communities, are poised to access their fundamental human rights, thanks to the April 2014 ruling of the Supreme Court, which directed the government to officially recognise and empower them. This is great news, but only so far.
The government has now put a spoke in the wheel, objecting to the court’s broad use of the term transgender. Apparently, at one point, the ruling suggests that “transgender” includes the L, G and B of LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender), the alphabetical tent that holds together a diverse spectrum of sexual and gender orientations. However, by the end of the same paragraph, the judgment clearly states: “while dealing with the present issue we are not concerned with this aforesaid wider meaning of the expression transgender”. Why then has the government engaged in such superfluous finger-pointing? In seeking an unambiguous interpretation for inherently ambiguous practices, it reveals its prejudice. Is it miffed at the imagined inclusion of homosexuals, a community that its conservative side has no truck with? The government should revisit the essence of the judgment, but only after it acquires a nuanced understanding of the differences, overlaps and similarities between the transgender and homosexual identities.
On the subject of differences, transgenderism and homosexuality cannot always be collapsed under a singular, homogenising label. Simply put, gay, lesbian and bisexual are variations in sexual orientation. The transgendered represent a dissonance between one’s assigned and chosen gender identity. Unlike homosexuals, transgender individuals often experience gender dysphoria. For some, this takes the form of acute body dysphoria, making them undergo sex reassignment surgeries to alter the physical appearance of their bodies, besides long-term hormonal therapies and so on. For a majority of transgender individuals who do not redesign their bodies, life can be harrowing, especially in transphobic cultures. This is best personified by the familiar and most visible transgender person: the hijra. Ostracised and exploited, hijras are denied fundamental rights and opportunities, such as education and livelihood, and thus are compelled to beg or extort money. A transgendered individual may be heterosexual, and seek rights such as marriage, adoption and so on. In contrast, the issue of marriage has left the global homosexual community divided, with many refusing to replicate the patriarchal, heteronormative marriage. Therefore, practically and politically, the needs, struggles and challenges of the transgendered are unique and cannot always be aligned with the homosexual community.
But the transgendered may not always be totally distinct from the homosexual: there are overlaps. In the application presented by the ministry of social justice and empowerment, the government defines “transgender” as “all persons whose own sense of gender does not match with the gender continued…

9 Stereotypes About Canadians We re Tired Of Hearing9 Stereotypes About Canadians We're Tired Of Hearing
The Huffington Post Canada
Updated:
09/17/2014  9:59 am EDT
Actor Seth Rogen poses for a photo in the NHL hockey suite while watching the United States take on Canada at Canada Hockey Place on February 21, 2010 in Vancouver, Canada. (Photo by Christian Petersen/Getty Images for NHL) | Christian Petersen via Getty Images
O Canada! It's a land of snow and sleet, where sunshine only breaks through on days when Justin Bieber plays a concert.
Well ... not exactly.
Canadians are well-used to hearing what other countries believe to be true about our citizens, and while we're happy to take the good (why yes, we are that polite!), we've had just enough of the plain old incorrect. So now, if you don't mind, here are some serious untruths about Canada we've been hearing for far too long.
We Live In Perpetual Winter
You don't really believe that, do you? Despite the horrific ice storms and the snowstorms in September , we have a wide range of weather across the country. Heck, on the day of that snowstorm in Calgary, it was 20°C (that's 68°F) in Vancouver, a mere 971 kilometres away.
We All Know John From Toronto
John Kirk via Getty Images
Our country may be small, but it's not that small. In fact, geographically speaking, we're pretty massive . Population-wise we are definitely more sparse than other nations, but our biggest cities have many hundreds of thousands of people in them — just like yours.
We're Saying 'Aboot'
SuperStock via Getty Images
Let's put this to rest once and for all. The way in which Canadians say "about" comes from our British ancestors, and it's actually way closer to "aboat" than "aboot." According to an interview with linguist Charles Boberg in the Ottawa Citizen , this sound is known as "Canadian raising," and happens when the "ou" comes before sounds that have no vocal cord vibration (or "voiceless" sounds), like "t" in out.
We’re All Socialists — Or Even Democrats
While we may be more left-leaning in general than our neighbours to the south, Canada is a far cry from an egalitarian, capitalist-hating society, as evidenced by our Prime Minister for the last eight years . We might have gay marriage and universal health care, but on a way less impressive note, we also have wealth inequality that rivals other countries .
Our Health Care Is Totally Free
andresr via Getty Images
True, most things relating to medical doctors are covered by our universal health care (like check-ups, operations and the like). But there is plenty that isn't covered, like dentistry, medication and alternative medicine (so chiropractors, acupuncture and naturopathy visits come from out of pocket).
Weed Is Basically Legal
Sure, well-known pothead Seth Rogen might come from Canada, and for years, we may have been known as a place with lax laws on marijuana, but that isn't legally the case at all. The current government in power is strongly opposed to decriminalizing or legalizing marijuana , and even laws regarding medicinal weed can be counterintuitive . Of course, that isn't always reflected in the population — Canada's minors smoke more pot than any other country in the world.
Parlez-Vous Français?
Dan Moore via Getty Images
If you're visiting anywhere west  (or generally, east) of Quebec in Canada, you really don't need to worry about boning up on your high school French. While the country is technically bilingual, most people speak English as their first language outside of that province. Canadians come from all over, and it's estimated that approximately 200 languages are spoken in the country. In fact, according to the most recent census statistics , it might be more useful to speak Punjabi in many of Canada's major cities.
We Were All Born With Skates On
While it's true that more than half of all the players in the NHL are Canadian , we didn't all spend our childhoods shivering in hockey arenas. First of all, hockey is an expensive sport to get in on, and as we've mentioned, we're not all rolling in cash. Secondly, there are plenty of other ways to entertain yourself outside in the winter — curling, anyone? (No, seriously, we love curling.)
We Love Justin Bieber/Barenaked Ladies/Celine Dion/Rush
ASSOCIATED PRESS
If you don't particularly enjoy any of these artists, imagine how we feel: thanks to something called the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission, radio and TV stations must play a certain percentage of content created by Canadians. So you know what that means? If Alanis has a hit, You. Hear. It. Every. Hour.
ALSO ON HUFFPOST:

McDonald s slump no easy fix; experts say focus on food  branding"The operational foundation has to be strong enough for us to be able to move forward with customization and personalization at the level that we want to at McDonald's," Thompson said.
Step 2: Make the food stand out
For decades, McDonald's well-known Big Macs, Quarter Pounders, fries, Chicken McNuggets and Egg McMuffins were enough to keep the company growing. In fact, those five menu items account for about 40 percent of sales today.
McDonald's is focusing on what it knows has worked. It is reinvigorating its marketing on those items to help drive sales. Such efforts include the current 20 McNuggets for $5 promotion.
At the same time, McDonald's is pushing new and limited-time items in four categories in which it believes its growth will outpace the overall industry. Those categories are beef, chicken, breakfast and beverages such as coffee and blended ice drinks.
"We're placing great emphasis on the balance between our core classics and the number of new products that are being introduced," Thompson said in July. "And this is to ensure that they can be delivered at the speed and convenience that customers expect from McDonald's."
A coffee giveaway in the spring brought in more breakfast diners and helped McDonald's post flat U.S. same-store sales in April, the first month without a decline since October. The U.S. business has pulled out another free coffee promotion through Sept. 29.
Though franchisee Lang said the menu has gotten a bit unwieldy, others say the variety is key to helping ensure McDonald's can bring in the widest variety of diners.
"You have to be able to have a menu attraction that can draw the crowd," said Christopher Rowane, vice president and portfolio manager at Cincinnati-based Bahl & Gaynor, which held nearly 1.28 million McDonald's shares as of the end of June.
Last year's Mighty Wings were a flop, but items such as snack wraps introduced in the United States in 2006 have done better. McDonald's is also trying to cater to people looking for healthier fare, with items like the Egg White Delight McMuffin, introduced in 2013, and fruit and yogurt options in kids' meals.
Today, the McDonald's menu ranges from premium Bacon Clubhouse sandwiches — customers pick a burger or grilled or crispy chicken — to fruit smoothies and McCafe espresso-based drinks. With one eye on value and the other on offering something new, it recently added the $2 Jalapeno Double — two patties topped with pickled and crispy jalapenos, white cheddar and ranch sauce — to the Dollar Menu & More.
Step 3: Boost branding efforts
To connect with today's consumers, McDonald's is taking part in the launch of Apple Pay, the new mobile payment system offered by Apple Inc. It's testing everything from customized burgers to loyalty programs in various parts of the world.
And it sends out messages on Twitter and other social media platforms on topics ranging from free coffee to sustainable sourcing.
"I think it's fair to say that we pushed the reset button on really working hard to truly put the customer at the heart of what we're planning," said Easterbrook, who said the company is working "to truly understand what matters to customers most."
At the same time, McDonald's multiyear focus on value, a key message for a large chunk of its customers, could be hurting them, some suggested.
"They have been so entrenched in being all things to all people, mostly for a buck, that they have actually forgotten about brand," said Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys, a consulting firm.
On the surface, McDonald's has the right formula, in terms of the four P's; product, place, price and promotion, Passikoff said. People know the product, they know where to find it, they know it has low-priced items, and the brand is a major advertiser. Still, it no longer stands out, Passikoff suggests.
Lang, the franchisee, said he can deal with issues such as operational execution and employees, "but I'm not quite as much in control of the bad halo, so to speak, of brand image," pointing to issues such as wage protests staged outside restaurants.
"We've gone through funks, or downturns, before and been able to come out of it," Lang said. "We're not satisfied by the trends. But we're not in denial. We enthusiastically accept the challenge."

Pappu Yadav dictates what doctors can chargePappu's fee diktat irks Bihar docs
Pappu Yadav reportedly 'fixed' consultation fee of doctors in Bihar depending upon their qualifications and experience.
By Giridhar Jha | Mail Today –  Thu 18 Sep, 2014
Print
PATNA: ONCE known for flexing his muscle, Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) MP Pappu Yadav has now donned the mantle of a vigilante.
In his latest campaign, the MP issued a diktat to medical practitioners to refrain from fleecing patients in the name of better treatment and conducted surprise raids at various clinics in Saharsa district in Bihar "to detect anomalies".
"I have checked different pathological labs in Saharsa and found several irregularities," Yadav said, adding, "I have asked all the doctors not to charge irrational fees from patients or prescribe unnecessary tests."
Yadav reportedly 'fixed' consultation fee of doctors in Bihar depending upon their qualifications and experience.
Raising their voice against the diktat, doctors said that the MP from Madhepura had no business to prescribe their fee.
"Who is Pappu Yadav to fix our fees?" asked a veteran doctor in the state. Yadav has 'advised' the doctors not to charge more than Rs 300 as their consultation fee.
The move has evoked sharp reactions from doctors and various political parties. BJP's Saharsa legislator Alok Ranjan led a team of leaders to the district magistrate, complaining about the way Yadav had raided the clinics and pathological centres.
They alleged that the RJD MP had put up his own rate card for pathological tests, which had instilled a sense of fear in the minds of doctors.
Reproduced From Mail Today.Copyright 2014. MTNPL. All rights reserved.
Recommend

The Mysteries of Laura and our mean-spirited conversation about having it allBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 18 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Laz Alonso as Billy Soto, Debra Messing as Laura Diamond, Vincent Reina as Harrison Diamond, Josh Lucas as Jake Broderick, Charlie Reina as Nicholas Diamond and Janina Gavankar as Meredith Bose. (Patrick Randak/NBC)
“The Mysteries of Laura,” a cop dramedy which premiered on NBC last night, has any number of serious problems. Its titular heroine (Debra Messing) appears to have two distinct personalities, that of a hyper-competent cop who is hopeless to wrangle her young twins. To make her trouble managing the boys seem even remotely explicable, the show has turned them into the sort of hell-spawn who destroy entire apartments and shred tony preschool teachers’ immigration paperwork. If the pilot episode is any indication, the showrunners have a way to go in learning how to craft and pace a satisfying procedural plot.
But the worst thing about “The Mysteries of Laura” is the same thing that bedevils so many of our conversations about work-life balance and the dream of “having it all”: the idea that the source of the challenges Laura faces in integrating her personal and professional lives is some sort of mystery is a farce.
From the get-go, it is obvious what Laura’s problems are. Her estranged husband Jake (Josh Lucas) is a self-indulgent cad who is mostly interested in letting her be Bad Mommy so he can be Fun Dad to their sons. Jake lets Laura run all over town desperately trying to find a day care who will accept their bratty twins before remembering that he has an in with a day-care provider who, of course, “likes a challenge.” None of this is to mention, of course, that the police department is not exactly giving Laura, who is supposed to be one of their best detectives, a hand in finding child care in the first place.
But of course, the show’s focus is not on the fact that Jake actively undermines his wife, or that the NYPD is apparently content to let one of its best detectives run herself ragged rather than subsidize her child care. Instead, everything is Laura’s fault. She is at a loss about where to shop when Target closes. She is still wearing her wedding ring not out of affection for Jake but “probably thanks to all the stress-eating I’ve been doing.” Laura has devolved to wearing sweatpants. And the firm voice that proves so effective with suspects apparently does absolutely nothing to calm down her hell-monster twins. When Jake tries to reassure her, Laura tells him “You are detached from reality. I’m a terrible mother.”
This is not just a case of bad characterization, though “The Mysteries of Laura” has plenty of that, too. It is a trap that our conversations about work-life balance often fall into, shifting conversations away from structural issues and shared responsibility for domestic life and to the supposed flaws of a woman trying to work and parent.
Maybe women like Laura are thinking too big when they try to define the “it all” they are trying to have. Maybe they have unrealistic assessments of their own capacities, or unreasonable demands of their employers and husbands. Maybe they are doing it wrong , whatever “it” is at a given moment — parenting in particular seems to be one of those fields where someone always knows how to do something in a more efficient, more gracious, greener and more cost-effective manner than whatever tactic it is that you happen to have picked.
Whatever grave error women have made in trying to balance a career and family, making it all about them lets everyone else avoid any sort of self-examination, much less any responsibility to take on a little more work or big-deal reform.
At least “The Mysteries of Laura” has the decency to find this at least a little bit irritating. In the last scene of the pilot, Jake, who has spent the episode doing no useful parenting and even less police work, gets promoted to be Laura’s boss. It is great to be a man and to be rewarded for skipping out on your responsibilities. If the show seized upon the obvious solution to what is supposed to be the big mystery of Laura’s life, it would be over before it had even really started.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Ferguson asked residents to send in comments after the Michael Brown shooting. Heres what they had to say.One person wanted the city to vacuum up some leaves .
This person wasn’t thrilled with the media , writing: “The media has bullied and defined Ferguson, we must stand tall and not succumb to a title given to Ferguson based on loosely reported inaccuracies. We were not a racist town prior to Aug 9 and just because the media called us that does not make it so.”
Michael Brown, 18, was shot and killed by Ferguson police officer Darren Wilson on Aug. 9 . In the days that followed his death, protesters gathered in the streets of this suburb of St. Louis, drawing a heavy police response. Their crowd-control tactics drew widespread criticism , and some local agencies are now the focus of reviews and probes into their procedures .
A warning about these cards: they’re posted as written. Brown’s shooting exposed racial tensions in the community, and some of the comments reflect that. (We’ll post the full batch as soon as we’re able.)
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Polls close as Scotland votesResults of Scotland independence referendum: 'No' campaign victorious
By Euan McKirdy, Laura Smith-Spark and Nic Robertson, CNN
September 19, 2014 -- Updated 0550 GMT (1350 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
NEW: Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom
"No" camp wins majority of councils already declared
With majority of councils reporting, "No" lead unlikely to be overturned
The referendum will decide if Scotland remains part of the United Kingdom
Glasgow, Scotland (CNN) -- [Breaking news alert, 6:23 a.m. GMT (01:23 a.m. ET)]
Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom -- along with England, Wales and Northern Ireland -- following a historic referendum vote. A majority of voters rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away and becoming an independent nation.
With 31 of 32 councils declared, the "No" campaign has won the referendum on Scottish independence.
Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond admitted defeat in Scotland's independence referendum Friday -- and urged the rest of Scotland to do the same.
In a televised statement, he thanked Scotland "for 1.6 million votes for Scottish independence."A turnout of 86% is one of the highest in the democratic world for any such vote, he said.
[Original story published at 12.37 p.m. ET]
Voters in Scotland made their choice Thursday -- remain part of the United Kingdom, or form their own independent nation. They chose to remain.
With 31 of 32 of councils reporting, the "No" campaign had garnered enough votes to secure their victory, and with it Scotland's continued place within the union.
The first councils to declare all went to the "No" campaign, as did the capital, Edinburgh, which voted overwhelmingly to stay in the union with 123,927 for "Yes" and 194,628 "No" votes. Argyll and Bute and Aberdeenshire also voted "No."
Glasgow delivered a solid win for the independence camp with 194,779 votes for "Yes," and 169,347 for "No," but lead was not big enough to overturn the "No" camp's overall majority so far, which maintains a 8% (54% to 46%) lead over pro-independence camp.
The majority of the early results have been going the anti-independence camp's way. The "No" campaign extended lead with Angus and East Dunbartonshire council results, alongside a landslide in Dumfries and Galloway. The oil-rich city of Aberdeen also strongly voted for the unionist camp.
The city of Dundee was the first big gain for the independence campaign, voting "Yes" with 53,620 votes for, 39,880 against.
The individual counts by local authorities are ultimately immaterial as it is the total number of votes countrywide that will determine the outcome.
Polls at more than 5,500 stations across all districts, from the remote highlands and islands to the big cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow, closed at 10 p.m. local time (5 p.m. ET). People still in line to vote at that time were allowed to cast ballots.
High turnout
The first districts to report turnout reported high participation -- well over 80% in most cases -- Mary Pitcaithly, chief counting officer, announced in Edinburgh.
Turnout in Glasgow, one of the Yes campaign's heartlands, was a relatively disappointing 75%.
More than 4.2 million people registered to vote on the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?"
Decision day for Scotland
Expert: 'Yes' would humiliate Cameron
Scotland votes: See the TV ads
People opposed to Scottish independence celebrate the final results of a historic referendum Friday, September 19, in Edinburgh, Scotland. A majority of voters -- 55% to 45% -- rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away from the United Kingdom and becoming an independent nation.
A supporter of an independent Scotland cries as referendum results are announced September 19 in Edinburgh.
A discarded "Yes" sticker lies on cobblestones along Edinburgh's Royal Mile on September 19.
Alistair Darling, leader of the pro-union "Better Together" campaign, addresses supporters in Glasgow, Scotland, after the announcement of the referendum's final results September 19.
Dejected independence supporters make their way home in Edinburgh on September 19.
Ballots cast against Scottish independence get stacked on a table as votes are counted in Edinburgh on September 19.
Ballot boxes are opened as counting begins Thursday, September 18, in Aberdeen, Scotland.
Ballot counting was tiring for staffers working through the night at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh.
Ballot papers are counted in Aberdeen after the polls closed on September 18.
Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond passes an pro-union campaigner in Ellon, Scotland, on September 18. Salmond, leader of the independence movement, later accepted defeat and urged supporters to do the same.
Campaigners on both sides of Scotland's independence referendum stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
A man walks to a polling station to cast his vote in Ballater, Scotland, on September 18.
Campaigners stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
People wait to cast ballots inside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
A voter arrives at a polling place September 18 in Edinburgh.
A pro-union campaigner distributes leaflets at a polling station in Glasgow on September 18.
Salmond talks with supporters September 18 in Turriff, Scotland.
A dog wearing a pro-independence bandana walks down a street September 18 in Glasgow.
Darling, second from left, stands with his wife, Maggie, outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
Salmond chats with reporters after casting his vote September 18 in Strichen, Scotland.
A pro-independence campaigner displays his message September 18 in Strichen.
Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown talks to pro-union campaigners outside a polling station in Queensferry, Scotland, on September 18.
A young voter leaves a polling station September 18 in Edinburgh.
Campaigners on both sides of the issue stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
Scotland votes

2 cops suspended for taking bribes from red sanders smugglers in AndhraPradeshPrint
Express News Service | Hyderabad | Posted: September 19, 2014 3:59 am
An inquiry by AP Vigilance Department has revealed that two senior police officers tasked with monitoring activities of red sanders smugglers and protecting forest officers from them were allowing the felling of the protected trees in lieu of huge bribes from the smugglers. The state government Thursday suspended G Uday Kumar, then OSD of a task force operating in Tirupati and G V Ramana, subdivisional police officer of Rajampet in Kadapa District. “There is strong evidence against the two officers for their involvement in illegal activities, including red sanders smuggling. The evidence also points to officers accepting bribes from those involved in criminal cases,’’ an official said. “The evidence shows that Uday Kumar, during his tenure, had received huge bribes from red sandalwood smugglers every month.”

Scotland votes: London both the victim & the villain | Counting begins | FactsYou are here: Home > Collections > London
London finds itself in unfamiliar territory as Scotland votes for independence
Bloomberg Sep 19, 2014, 03.58AM IST
Tags:
British Overseas Territories
(As the Scots vote on whether…)
Back when London was the capital of a third of the planet, the young sailor in Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness looked upon the serpentine Thames and conjured up what England sent forth into the world. "The dreams of men, the seed of commonwealths, the germs of empires," wrote Conrad in 1899.
It's a different sort of empire now. As the vast realm crumbled around London — scattered by the "wind of change" that then-Prime Minister Harold Macmillan perceived in a 1960 speech in South Africa — the capital expanded its dominion of finance and left the rest of a dissatisfied nation behind.
And as Scotland votes on whether to undo 307 years of union with England, London is both villain and victim. It's a city reduced to the sum total of its excess, growing in global influence and yet capital of a Britain that would no longer be so great were the Scots to opt out.
"Since the end of empire, London has flourished while much of the rest of the United Kingdom has suffered serious decline," said Alex von Tunzelmann, a historian and author of Indian Summer. "There is a great deal of resentment about this, and not just in Scotland."
The transformation took time. By the 1990s, after an ellipsis marked by industrial decline, race riots and nationwide strikes, London was back, riding a wave of Cool Britannia.
The Scottish nationalists' narrative is that of London as a disinterested overseer, having shrunk from what Salman Rushdie in the Satanic Verses described as the "capital of vilayat" (foreign) for the once-colonised, to the capital of the shrivelled Great Britain.
At stake is London's relationship to what remains: Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland and those scattered appendages of past glory, the 14 British Overseas Territories, which replicated and improved on the financial secrecy of the City to become outposts of London's empire of money.
Bloated with the talented young and the moneyed old, London, at least in the measurable currency of investment and capital, is impervious to the departure of Scotland.
"London's power is also from other metrics, like the concentration of state-funded institutions, or the diversity of its population," said Richard Bell, a professor at the University of Maryland in College Park who teaches a course on London and the British Empire.
"London will continue to hold a special place in the global imagination, even though it may be modestly diminished economically." In fact, the loss would further inflate London's economic dominance, said Tristram Hunt, a member of Parliament and author of Ten Cities That Made an Empire.
  Scotland today contributes about 9% of the UK economy. "London's been too powerful since the 16th century," he said. If the referendum succeeds, London could be "transformed into what some people want to see as a Hong Kong-style city-state off the coast of Northern Europe. England and Wales will be massively dominated by the capital."
What would be lost, Hunt said, is the sense of shared history between the Scottish and the English, especially those for whom London proved to be both a crucible of opportunity and a global stage.
EMPIRE 'EPITOME'
By 1916, in a guidebook for soldiers from the colonies who fought in the Great War, A Staines Manders described London as the "epitome of the Empire." The same could be said today for Canary Wharf and the City.
Where these shrines, both old and new, intersect is in the collective memories of those who will vote "yes" to independence in Scotland's referendum. Markers to London's ever-present hold on their lives, they present themselves for caricature and ridicule.
"These critical views of London are not new; they go far back, to the 18th and 17th century," said Felix Driver, a professor of human geography at the University of London, and coeditor of Imperial Cities: Landscape, Display and Identity. "But they are given a new spin — from the property market, to the bankers in the City, to the perceived corruption and greed of Westminster."
What's lost in this view is Scotland's own place of privilege within England's empire, said Driver. For all the calls for independence and freedom, Scotland is not a colony. It's more of a sibling or a spouse, and Glasgow flourished during the same period as London did, nicknamed during the Victorian and Edwardian periods as the second city of empire.
"The way Glasgow is, if you wrote empire out of the story, you really wouldn't be able to understand much at all," said Driver.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NGO CPIL refuses to name source in Ranjit Si...You are here: Home > Collections > Cbi
NGO CPIL refuses to name source in Ranjit Sinha diary row
Samanwaya Routray, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
CBI
(His defence lawyer Vikas…)
NEW DELHI: The NGO, which has relied on a copy of an entry register in the CBI director's residence to back its claim that he was in touch with persons with links to the 2G accused, on Thursday refused to reveal the name of the whistleblower to the Supreme Court on the ground that it would expose him to serious risks of bodily harm, harassment and victimisation besides setting a bad precedent.
The stand of the NGO, the Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL), however, will make it easier for CBI director Ranjit Sinha to claim that the entry register was fabricated. His defence lawyer Vikas Singh had at the last hearing said while 10% of the entries may be correct, 90% was incorrect. He had challenged the NGO to name the whistleblower, insisting that someone should take responsibility for the register and face perjury if it turned out to be false. At the last hearing, accepting the arguments of the CBI director's lawyer, the court had asked CPIL lawyer Prashant Bhushan to reveal the name of the whistleblower who revealed the information to the NGO, before it could take any action.
The court had not asked Bhushan to make the name public: only to submit the information to the bench hearing the case. Bhushan had resisted the move, insisting that the log book was sent to his residence by some unknown persons, but later said he would first have to consult the NGO and the whistleblower before taking a decision. On Thursday, CPIL urged the top court to take action on the basis of CBI file notings and records placed before it to decide whether Sinha's conduct was above board. The NGO wants the director to recuse himself from dealing with the 2G case. "As far as the meetings stated in the entry register are concerned, they can be easily verified by examining the ITBP and CBI guards stationed at the residence of the CBI director whose list has been handed over to the court along with the original entry register," the NGO had stated. "... whether the register is genuine or not, the fact that such meetings with several prominent accused took place at the CBI director's residence has not been disputed," the NGO had said. The NGO's refusal to reveal its source places the top court in a quandary.
It can now go ahead and examine the case on its merits and risk seeming less than fair to the director. Or it could decline to proceed with the case and risk being accused of turning a blind eye to the alleged improprieties committed by the CBI director.
CJI designate HL Dattu is leading the bench which is dealing with Bhushan's plea to direct Ranjit Sinha to recuse himself from dealing with the case and another one by Sinha insisting that the court initiate perjury proceedings against Bhushan for filing "palpably wrong" averments.
Bhushan's fresh affidavit submitted on Thursday cited several instances in the past such as the Jain Hawala case, the Radia tapes case and the 2G case where the court had taken cognizance of material produced before it without insisting on knowing the source of the documents. "Revealing the identity of the source would, therefore, set a bad precedent and would make several PILs impossible to conduct, which would not be in public interest or in the interest of justice, and would set the clock back on 30 years of jurisprudence," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US nominates Richard Verma as next ambassador to Indiaprint
President Barack Obama on Thursday nominated former state department official Richard Rahul Verma, an Indian-American, as the next US ambassador to India.
Verma served as secretary of state Hillary Clinton’s point man on legislative affairs, working Capitol Hill using his experience there as a long-time congressional aide.
In 2008, he was on President Barack Obama’s transition team, which essentially eases into office the new administration, working with the outgoing administration.
And that, it was said, could indicate his proximity to the White House, an important barometer for New Delhi to measure the state of relations, and the effectiveness of the ambassador.
“He is committed to building the US-India relationship, has access to the highest levels of the White House, and is exactly who we need at the helm as we look to further strengthen US-India relations,” said congressman Joe Crowley in a statement.
The US was widely expected to announce a new ambassador to New Delhi before Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the US, and DC to meet President Obama end of this month.
The previous US ambassador to US, Nancy Powell, left in less than pleasant circumstances, having fallen foul of the Indian government during the Khobragade controversy.
With Verma’s appointment as ambassador in Delhi, US state department’s South Asia desk, which oversees relations with India, will have a distinctly Indian feel to it.
Read: Housefull: With 10 days to go, Modi's US event is all sold out
Nisha Biswal, an Indian-American from Gujarat, heads the desk. And Atul Keshap, also of Indian descent — who served at the US embassy in Delhi, is one of her assistant deputy secretaries.
But Verma is not moving to Delhi tomorrow. His nomination has to be confirmed by Senate, where, however, he is not expected to encounter any major trouble or delay.
He currently serves as senior counselor at Steptoe & Johnson and the Albright Stonebridge Group, founded and run by Bill Clinton administration officials including Madeline Albright.
Verma is also a senior national security fellow at the Center for American Progress, a Washington DC think tank. 
He was senior national security advisor, counsel and foreign policy advisor to senate majority leader Harry Reid from 2002 to 2007. Verma also served with the US air force.

Watch Live as President Obama Speaks on Arming Syrian Rebelswatch live as president obama speaks on arming syrian rebels
BJP plans Modi rallies in Maharashtra  eyes 100 seatsBJP plans Modi rallies in Maharashtra  eyes 100 seats
MARKET SNAPSHOT: S&P 500  Dow Close At Record HighsMARKET SNAPSHOT: S&P 500  Dow Close At Record Highs
Chinese e-tailer Alibaba prices IPO at $68  raising $21.8BChinese e-tailer Alibaba prices IPO at $68  raising $21.8B
Support for Scottish independence at 46 percent: YouGov pollSupport for Scottish independence at 46 percent: YouGov poll
Tata Group companies see uptick in Moodys ratingsTata Group companies see uptick in Moodys ratings
Deals to build Beijing bridgeDeals to build Beijing bridge
Chinese banks in India dealChinese banks in India deal
Pro-Lucas museum group forms to oppose open-space advocates0
Former Mayor Richard M. Daley founded Tur Partners. Healey started her career in agriculture and water policy in Kansas before moving to Illinois to work on broader economic development issues in state and city government, including Chicago's failed Olympic bid and a successful NATO summit.
The Searle Funds at the Chicago Community Trust has committed up to $575,000 to hire staff, which includes Healey and Marshall Bouton, the former president of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs.
University of Illinois President Robert Easter, previously dean of the school's college of agriculture, will chair the partnership's board. Among its members will be Illinois economic development chief Adam Pollett, Eli's Cheesecake President Marc Schulman, Roundy's CEO Bob Mariano and chef Art Smith, Healey said.
Discussions between Chris Kennedy, chairman of the University of Illinois' board of trustees and a board member of the Chicago Community Trust, and trust CEO Terry Mazany spawned the effort. Kennedy, former president of Merchandise Mart Properties and a son of the late Robert F. Kennedy, is the founder of a nonprofit that delivers high-quality food to needy families at prices below those in grocery stores.
"We're going to address business climate, legislative and regulatory policies and what we need to do to improve our waterway system," Healey said. "So much produce goes through" Chicago.
It's also a bit of a repeat of a 4-year-old planning effort called the Vision for Illinois Agriculture, which was spearheaded by the Illinois Farm Bureau.
"That vision was very producer-driven, and by producers, I mean growers," Healey said. "There wasn't a really good connection to the markets, processors and infrastructure in Chicago."
That final report also included more than 70 to-do items, almost all of which were impossible to implement without dedicated staff and resources. Healey said the issue of follow-through is at the forefront of her mind.
Tribune reporter John Byrne contributed.

County pacer takes 15 wickets in 18 oversMore
Durham pacer takes 15 wickets in 18 overs
Chris Rushworth took 20-3-95-15 as his team bowled out Northamptonshire for 83 and 90 on a blameless Chester-le-Street pitch.
By Press Association and ESPNcricinfo staff | ESPNcricinfo –  Wed 17 Sep, 2014 5:30 AM IST
Tweet
0
Durham 392 (Borthwick 136, Collingwood 101, Wagner 5-104) beat Northamptonshire 83 (Rushworth 9-52) and 90 (Rushworth 6-43) by an innings and 219 runs
Scorecard
Chris RushworthDurham's Chris Rushworth took a mind-boggling 15 wickets in 18 overs as relegated Northamptonshire expired without a fight on a blameless Chester-le-Street pitch.
He had previously been without a five-wicket haul this season, had match figures of 20-3-95-15 as the visitors subsided for 83 and 90 - in reply to Durham's 392 - to lose by an innings and 219 runs and batted for a total of 40 overs and two balls.
In the first innings Rushworth took 9 for 52, the best analysis in the country this season, denied the chance of all ten when Ben Stokes nipped in for the ninth wicket. Only two bowlers have ever taken a full set in the Championship, Middlesex's Richard Johnson in 1994 and Ottis Gibson for Durham in 2007 when he claimed 10 for 47 against Hampshire.
"I'd be lying if I said I wasn't thinking about a ten-for in the first innings, but I'll take nine," he said. "Winning the game is the most important thing and to do it so quickly gives us a bit more time off before our final at Lord's.''
Rushworth's innings figures sat second behind Gibson while his made tally was the best in the Championship since Martin Bicknell took 16 for 119 against Leicestershire in 2000 and the best ever for Durham, overtaking Alan Walker, the current bowling coach, who took 14 against Essex in 1995. Rushworth's previous best innings haul was 6 for 58 at home to Somerset in the first match of last season.
"It's been an incredible day's cricket - everything has happened so fast," he said. "There have been times when I have bowled as well as that this season with little reward.
"There wasn't that much swing, but the pitch was offering some help so I just tried to hit the seam and get the ball in the right area. I was also helped by some good catches."
However, Rushworth will not be enjoying a celebratory pint this evening having given up alcohol for the whole year for charity. "I'd be lying if I said I wasn't tempted at the minute," he joked afterwards.
He is usually at his most dangerous on early season pitches but the overcast conditions suited him here as he took the first eight at a cost of 36 runs in 10 overs either side of lunch before Stokes had Maurice Chambers caught a second slip.
Last man Azharullah slogged at nearly every ball, skying a catch to mid-off, where Mark Stoneman held his second catch after also accepting a careless drive by Neil Wagner.
Of Rushworth's seven other first-innings scalps, two were bowled, one was lbw and the others fell to edged catches. He has often bowled equally well this season without luck and began this match with 43 Championship wickets.
The ball which took him to 50 sent Rob Keogh's off stump flying. During an opening stand of 33 the greater threat appeared to come from India paceman Varun Aaron with his fast away swingers. When he did find the edge the ball dropped just short of Paul Collingwood at first slip.
Rushworth made the breakthrough in the ninth over when he had top scorer James Middlebrook caught at second slip. In his next two overs he had Kyle Coetzer caught at fourth slip and nipped one back to have opener James Kettleborough lbw in the over before lunch.
He struck twice in his first over after the break - claiming the wickets of both Adam Rossington and Rob Newton - before he bowled out Ben Duckett two overs later, and the procession continued in the second innings, when Stokes struck first by having Kettleborough caught at first slip.
Coetzer was next to fall victim, while Middlebrook, Keogh and Newton also fell cheaply. Duckett made it into double figures before he was caught by Borthwick and Andrew Hall lost his wicket in the 13th over.
At that point Rushworth had 6 for 27 in 6.1 overs but after eight overs was eventually pulled out of the attack with three wickets left to take.
The reckless batting continued and Irishman Peter Chase profited with two wickets - seeing Rossington and Wagner both caught by Stoneman - while Aaron took his only one when Chambers edged via his pad to second slip, but all the talk was about Rushworth.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty rise most in 4 mths on US Fed booster shot  China tiesBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty rise most in 4 mths on US Fed booster shot, China ties
PTI | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 18 2014, 17:48  IST
Sep 18 2014, 17:48  IST
 

Jon Stewart calls out the NFL for only doing the right thing under beer pressureSonali Kohli @Sonali_Kohli
September 18, 2014
The US news satirist Jon Stewart devoted a segment to the National Football League—or as he calls it, “The League of Exculpatory Gentlemen”—Wednesday night, filling 10 minutes with the American football league’s latest attempts to address the domestic violence allegations against its players; most recently Ravens running back Ray Rice and Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson .
Stewart focuses first on Rice, and  the NFL’s announcement that four women—three new to the NFL—will now help shape the league’s policies and treatment of social issues such as domestic violence. One of the new advisors, Lisa Friel, led the sex crimes prosecution unit in the New York County District Attorney’s Office.
“You know your business model is in rough shape when you need to appoint your own in-house special victims unit,” Stewart says in the video.
He also addresses the Vikings’ original one-game suspension of Peterson after the player was indicted on a charge of beating his 4-year-old son with a switch made from a tree branch.
It took a message from the major NFL sponsor Anheuser-Busch  denouncing the league’s responses to the incidents for the teams to take stronger action: Rice and Peterson have now both been suspended indefinitely.
“So the NFL succumbed to beer pressure?” Stewart says.“How crazy is this? A company that sells alcohol is the moral touchstone of the NFL.”
Share this:

Yum Brands new bnh m chain is catching heat for its communist brandingSeptember 19, 2014
This post has been updated.
Last week, Yum Brands—the fast-food behemoth that owns KFC, Pizza Hut, and Taco Bell—opened a test location of Banh Shop in Dallas, selling Vietnamese-style street food. The hope is that bánh mì, a popular Vietnamese sandwich that’s become trendy in affluent American cities, could catch on among the wider public—giving Yum ammunition in its  challenge to Chipotle for the fast-casual market.
But Banh Shop’s  honey-garlic-aioli tofu barely had a chance to get off the grill before the place started drawing complaints. Members of Dallas’s Vietnamese-American community, evoking bitter wartime memories, criticized Banh Shop’s branding, saying the logo’s five-pointed red star is a communist symbol repurposed to sell fast food. “The red star in the logo is offensive to the thousands of Vietnamese Americans who have suffered from the Vietnamese Communist regime,” Nikki Duong Koenig told CultureMap Dallas , a local news site.
Koenig and others also questioned the use of the name “Saigon” (“Saigon street food” is the restaurant’s tagline), saying it makes light of the city’s capture and renaming.
In response to the criticism, Yum Brands dropped the logo yesterday. Yum’s SVP, Jonathan Blum, apologized to the president of the Vietnamese-American Community of Greater Dallas, Thanh Cung, who had started a petition  for a logo change. “It was never our intent to offend anyone, but we see we have made a mistake and in hindsight, we should have recognized this logo could be offensive,” Blum wrote. The logo outside Banh Shop has been taken down, though as of this writing it’s still visible on the website.
Blum also asked for Cung’s help in vetting new branding. “We will design a new logo, and would greatly appreciate your reviewing it, along with other aspects of this restaurant, before we make a final decision,” he wrote. “We hope that you can let us know if there are any other elements in the new logo or aspects of the restaurant that could be perceived poorly.”
For what it’s worth, plenty of other bánh mì shops use “Saigon” in their names—like this popular one , which is run out of a jewelry store in Manhattan. The trouble in Banh Shop’s case might be the perception of cultural carpetbagging. Small bánh mì shops typically are run by people of Vietnamese heritage, not by multinationals based in Kentucky.
And while a five-pointed red star has been used as a communist symbol since the Russian Revolution, the similar star that appeared on the North Vietnamese flag (which was adopted in 1976 as the flag of the unified Vietnam ) was yellow, not red. Ostensibly non-communist companies like Macys and San Pellegrino use red stars prominently in their logos, but of course they’re not consciously invoking a national symbol in the same way that Banh Shop is.
But to those who have reacted viscerally to the logo, the subtleties of color are irrelevant. “It’s the star from the Communist Vietnamese flag,” Toan Tran, whose parents emigrated from Vietnam, told CultureMap. “Yes, it’s a different color, but to me, the Taco Bell Corporation chose something to represent the country of Vietnam that I personally think is absolutely the wrong choice.”
[September 19, 2014, 4:20am EDT: This post was updated after Yum Brands dropped Banh Shop's logo.]
Share this:

According to bookies  these are the things as unlikely as Scots voting for independencePulling in the punters.(Reuters/Russell Cheyne)
SHARE
Jason Karaian @jkaraian
September 18, 2014
The polls are now open in Scotland, with voters deciding the fate of the 307-year-old union with England. The final batch of surveys suggests an incredibly close race , to be decided by a percentage point or two in either direction.
Britain’s bookies don’t think it will be as close as that, and they’re not known for casually parting with money. On the eve of the vote, more than 20 of the UK’s biggest gambling sites were laying average odds of 7/2 on a victory for the “Yes” (to independence) campaign. (In decimal odds that’s 4.5, or a +350 moneyline.) This implies only a 22% chance of Scots voting for independence.
On exchanges that are still taking money today, the odds of a “Yes” vote have drifted further, to around 5/1, or a 17% probability. One site already paid out on some “No” bets, such is its apparent confidence in the final result.
To put these odds in perspective, here are some upcoming sporting events that bookmakers think are roughly as likely as the Scotland breaking away from the UK:
Leicester beating Manchester United on Sep. 21 (English Premier League)
Minnesota Vikings beating the New Orleans Saints on Sep. 21 (National Football League)
Argentina beating New Zealand on Sep. 27 (Rugby Championship)
Although the “Yes” camp is the underdog, it’s still fair to describe the race as “too close to call,” given the narrow poll margins amid expectations for a big turnout and a unique electorate that includes 16- and 17-year-olds voting for the first time, as well as  EU and Commonwealth citizens resident in Scotland (but  not Scots who live abroad ). Prediction markets also have a mixed record of correctly calling elections.
Also, Argentina has never beaten New Zealand in rugby. But there’s a first time for everything.
Share this:

Police arrest man suspected of arson in the massive California wildfireBy Mark Berman September 18 Follow @markberman
Authorities in California said Thursday they had arrested a man suspected of arson in connection to the  massive, growing wildfire burning tens of thousands of acres  east of Sacramento.
Wayne Allen Huntsman, 37, was arrested Wednesday night, El Dorado County Sheriff John D’Agostini said at a news conference.
Authorities provided few details regarding the precise nature of the investigation and Huntsman’s arrest because the investigation is still ongoing, according to Vern Pierson, district attorney for El Dorado.
A criminal complaint filed by Pierson’s office says that Huntsman “willfully and maliciously” set the fire. This complaint also says that an emergency responder “suffered great bodily injury” due to the fire.
Police do not believe anyone else was involved in starting this fire, Pierson said. Huntsman’s bail has been set at $10 million.
The King fire began last week in El Dorado County and had been growing at a rapid clip , according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (also known as Cal Fire).
This fire has already spread across 71,000 and “continues to grow,” said Mike Kaslin, unit chief for Cal Fire in El Dorado. It had been moving about two or three miles each day since it began on Saturday, but it moved north about 15 miles on Wednesday, an incredible amount of growth over such a small span of time.
Satellite imagery of #KingFire rapid growth (50k+ acres in 24hr) producing smoke to #Nevada , #Oregon & #Idaho http://t.co/z9hVKGC1mM
— NWS Boise (@NWSBoise) September 18, 2014
There are more than 6,600 firefighters spreading across the state fighting 10 major wildfires, and more than 4,000 of them are combating the King fire.
About 3,000 people have been evacuated due to this fire, which is threatening about 12,000 residences, Kaslin said.
No structures have been destroyed so far, but vehicles have been, he said. Scores of homes remain potentially at risk as the fire continues to burn.
There have been a few injuries reported stemming from the fire, which Cal Fire said is costing about $5 million a day, but police did not provide any other details.
The King fire. (Noah Berger/Reuters)
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Fortune ranks Indra Nooyi 3rd most powerful woman in business worldE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Big institutions no guarantee of stability f...Big institutions no guarantee of stability for Alibaba IPO
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 01.59AM IST
Alibaba may not be able to avoid the volatility, typically seen in trading of eagerly anticipated IPOs, even as the bulk are expected to reside with big names.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: When Alibaba Group Holding Ltd begins trading on Friday the shares may not be able to avoid the kind of volatility typically seen in trading of eagerly anticipated IPOs, even as the bulk of the shares sold are expected to reside with 25 to 50 behemoth institutions.
Underwriters hope that allocating the majority of the Chinese e-commerce company's shares to institutional investors, thought of as being less likely than their retail counterparts to sell quickly, may prevent Alibaba from seeing volatile trading associated with IPOs like Twitter and others.
The company is expected to sell about $22 billion in shares after the close of trading Thursday in what is expected to be one of the biggest IPOs in history.
"For this kind of large deal, it's very common to allocate the bulk of shares to the large institutionals who will hold it for the long run," said Josef Schuster, founder of Chicago-based IPOX Schuster LLC , which helps create index funds for IPOs.
Yet the line of fund managers who look set to dominate Alibaba's IPO does not guarantee investors will hang onto their shares for very long, especially if they do not get what they want out of the allocation, people watching the IPO said.
"The biggest pitfall is to ensure that the allocations stick," said one event-driven investor, who put in an order of shares, but did not want to be named.
Another complicating factor for Alibaba is that in addition to the 320 million shares being offered, there is an additional 128.4 million in shares - about 5 percent of overall outstanding shares - that are not subject to lock-up agreements that restrict insider sales shortly after an IPO, according to company filings.
That's unusual, and could add some additional selling pressure and increases the incentive for the company to make sure the long-term holders intend to keep their allocation.
"If I am Alibaba and am loading up the top 10 shareholders, I have to be confident that the majority of this top 10 want to own the stock and will not exit out of the stock if it goes up 10 to 15 percent," the investor said.
In fact, that is the plan at least one fund manager who has put in for pre-IPO allocations has in mind: to sell shares of Alibaba if the stock jumps past its offer price and opens at $90.
"I think fair value is between $90-$100," said the manager, who wished to remain anonymous because he does not want his trading strategy public.
Page 1 of 2

US Fed s monetary policy is boring again. And thats a reliefYou are here: Home > Collections
The US Federal policy is boring again. And that’s a relief
New York Times Sep 19, 2014, 02.21AM IST
Tags:
(Sometime next year, they…)
By Neil Irwin
NEW YORK: For the last six years, Federal Reserve policy has been sexy, or at least as sexy as monetary policy can ever be.
Leaders of the central bank have had to improvise answers to tremendously consequential questions. What should the Fed do to combat a severe financial crisis? (Pretty much anything they could think of, and then some, was the answer.) What should the Fed do to stimulate a depressed economy when interest rates are already near zero? (Buy trillions of dollars in securities and pledge to keep interest rates at zero for a really long time.) Should it consider more radical measures like lifting its target for inflation ? (No.)
But now, the big questions of Fed policy have been answered, all the more so after Wednesday's FOMC meeting and the news conference by the chairwoman Janet Yellen . And that is terrific news. Want to know what Fed policymakers are going to do in the next couple of years? It's all laid out. At their October policy meeting , they are going to end their programme of buying bonds to try to stimulate growth.
Sometime next year, they will raise their target for short-term interest rates, which has been at zero since the end of 2008. They will gradually increase that rate until it gets to somewhere in the 3-4% range in 2017. They will hold on to most of the securities they have acquired as part of their quantitative easing programmes for quite a long time; it could take until the end of the decade for the Fed balance sheet to get back to normal.
If the economy does better than they expect - faster than the roughly 3% growth they expect in 2014, for example — they will do all those things faster than they now expect, and move more slowly if they underperform.
There are open questions on exactly how far the Yellen Fed will move to end its era of extraordinary support for the economy. But they are either minor ones in the scheme of things (do they first raise interest rates in March 2015, or June, or September?) or ones dependent on much bigger questions that nobody can answer for sure (has the long-term potential of the US economy been permanently damaged by the downturn?). You may not like the Fed's policy strategy. But the problems with it now are not a lack of clarity or transparency. If the US economy proceeds pretty much the way it has the last couple of years, with steady and gradually improving growth and few inflationary signs, we know what Yellen's policy will look like.
There is an entire, though small, world of people who are paid to parse the finer points of Fed policy in order to advise people who buy and sell bonds, currencies, and the like. They spent Wednesday afternoon doing things like counting how many blue dots have been moved slightly higher or lower in a table revealing Fed officials' forecasts of what interest rates will be in 2017, and pondering why the 2015 projection for GDP growth might have been reduced by two-tenths of a percent. Life isn't very exciting for them anymore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Investors brace for BABA-mania$15.8
Sources: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY
The $68-a-share IPO price values the company at $170.8 billion. That valuation would make Alibaba the 23rd most-valuable company in the Standard & Poor’s. Since the company is domiciled outside the U.S., though, the company isn’t subject for inclusion in the S&P 500.
Perhaps the most interesting aspect of the deal is how much money it will generate for the key players at the Chinese e-commerce company. Founder and Chairman Jack Ma will earn himself a tidy lump of cash worth $867 million. And he’s only selling about 6% of what he owns of Alibaba. After selling his stock in the IPO, Ma’s stake will still be worth $13.1 billion.
And then there’s Yahoo, the struggling Internet portal trying to regain its relevance. The company will get a cash infusion of $8.3 billion from the offering by selling a part of its stake. The Alibaba shares Yahoo is retaining will be worth $27.3 billion. All together, Yahoo’s Alibaba stock is worth $35.6 billion, a staggering amount if you consider that the entire company is worth $42 billion. Investors see Yahoo as company that owns Alibaba stock that just so happens to run some Web properties.
The biggest private investor in Alibaba is Japan’s Softbank, which is retaining all of its 797.7 million shares. Those shares are worth $54.2 billion.

Alibaba Prices IPO at $68 Per ShareAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Joshua Partlow and Will EnglundThe Post’s Ben Terris spoke to Iowans Thursday on their thoughts going into the 2014 Iowa Senate race.
Oct 31, 2014
Hello Kitty is turning 40, and the Japanese American National Museum has curated the largest retrospective in the U.S. looking back on the past four decades of her influence on popular culture.
Oct 12, 2014
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella’s advice to women that not asking for a raise is “good karma” has sparked outrage.
Oct 10, 2014
Tensions in Ukraine reached a high point this summer as members of parliament and presidential aides were on the receiving end of the public’s — and sometimes their own colleagues’ — frustration.
Oct 4, 2014
Photojournalist Pete Muller shares the stories behind his images capturing the problems and beauty of eastern Congo, a corner of the country that has been plagued by violence for the past two decades.
Sep 29, 2014
The beloved Scotsman on the hit series “The Simpsons” reminds those skeptical of Scottish independence to say “aye or die.”
Sep 18, 2014
A mourning father wanted a picture of his daughter without the tubes that had always been connected to her. The response from Reddit was overwhelming.
Jul 16, 2014
Check out the most recent additions to Merriam-Webster’s dictionary that are good enough to eat.
May 22, 2014
Ibrahim Wani, director of Human Rights in South Sudan spoke out on his “hope” that South Sudanese will work together to achieve peace.
May 17, 2014
The duo, ages 4 and 6, joined the global call for action to release the nearly 300 Nigerian schoolgirls who were kidnapped last month.
May 9, 2014

Universal Corporation AnnouncementUniversal Corporation Announcement
Yahoo options popular ahead of Alibaba IPOYahoo options popular ahead of Alibaba IPO
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 03.21AM IST
0
Share More
Options volume on Yahoo on Thursday was three times usual with 631,000 calls and 298,000 puts traded, according to Trade Alert data.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's shares do not begin trading until Friday, so investors hungry for a bite of the Chinese e-commerce giant have turned their attention to Yahoo Inc's options in recent days.
The volume of options trading in Yahoo - which has a big stake in Alibaba - has risen steadily over the last month. On Thursday, a day before Alibaba's debut on the New York Stock Exchange, options trading peaked with more than 929,000 contracts changing hands.
The spike in volume makes this the busiest week for Yahoo options since 2008, said Henry Schwartz, president of options analytics firm Trade Alert.
The stock has benefited from the enthusiasm over Alibaba, of which Yahoo holds a 22.4 percent stake. The U.S. Internet company is expected to sell shares of the Chinese e-commerce company, that could boost Yahoo's cash stockpile, currently $4.2 billion, by as much as $3.1 billion.
Investors hope that Yahoo will continue to benefit from Alibaba's earnings performance as it will maintain a stake in the company.
"This is just people speculating. If you can't get in on the IPO, this is the next best way to get in on it," said Lawrence McMillan, president of McMillan Analysis Corp.
Traders are speculating that Yahoo will continue to rise in price, McMillan said. So far in September, Yahoo shares have risen 9 percent, and are up 4 percent for the year.
The stock lost one percent to close at $42.09 on Nasdaq on Thursday with nearly 90 million shares traded, its busiest day since October 2011.
Options volume on Yahoo on Thursday was three times usual with 631,000 calls and 298,000 puts traded, according to Trade Alert data.
"For now, the focus is not on Yahoo, but rather the stake Yahoo has in Alibaba and the potential for a windfall from the IPO," Ophir Gottlieb, chief executive officer at Los Angeles-based Capital Market Laboratories LLC, said.
Dan Mirkin, CEO at San Diego, California-based Trade-Ideas LLC, said Alibaba could open much higher than the level at which it is priced. The expected range for the stock was $66 to $68 a share, but some analysts, including Morningstar, said the shares should trade around $90 each.
"And if that is the case, that certainly is not priced into the Yahoo stock," he said.

Losing shine  young stars go to old master SachinTendulkarAfter a dip in the form, Kohli decided to approach Tendulkar and flew to Mumbai; the duo had their practice at the MCA-BKC Indoor Academy on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Devendra Pandey | Mumbai | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:22 am | Updated: September 21, 2014 2:48 pm
Following a disastrous English tour, where he averaged 13.40, Virat Kohli has flown down to Mumbai and sought out the man he replaced at No.4 in Tests — Sachin Tendulkar. Kohli had his first session with Tendulkar at the MCA-BKC Indoor Academy on Thursday.
It is learnt that the 25-year-old batsman had approached Tendulkar to help him iron out the technical flaws in his batting that were exploited by the England bowlers. Former Test player and BCCI batting coach at the BKC academy, Lalchand Rajput, was also present during the session, and so was Yuvraj Singh. “Virat had a session with me and Sachin, and he’ll be practising at the academy for a few more days,” Rajput said.
Kohli is not the first batsman from the present Indian line-up to turn to Tendulkar for technical assistance. The batting great, who hung up his boots last November, in fact has been working behind the scenes with a number of them over the past few months.
On Wednesday, Tendulkar spent a couple of hours working with Ajinkya Rahane, who was a standout performer with the bat in England. Those at the academy also revealed that he had similar interactions with Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina earlier in the year. Raina had even picked Tendulkar for a special mention after he scored a ton in the second ODI at Cardiff.
Mumbai coach Pravin Amre, who has been a personal coach for Rahane and Raina, said that having someone of the stature of Tendulkar speaking to his players was always a massive boost. “Sachin has vast knowledge and no one can beat him in terms of experience. He has been sharing his thoughts with the players for a while now and we had few sessions with him earlier too. Having his expertise always helps,” he said.
Amre said that in his interactions Tendulkar spoke about technical aspects of batting as well as about how he overcame the many challenges posed to him by bowlers around the world. “The other day, he spoke to Ajinkya about the importance of feet-position and body weight. These kinds of sessions help these youngsters clear any doubt they might have in their head,” Amre said.
When contacted, Tendulkar didn’t want to comment.
Virat had a session with me and Sachin, and he’ll be practising at the academy for a few more days

This MLA wipes his hands on ex-MPs sari  claims its aprankDinesh Rai, Neeta Pateriya at the function in Seoni.
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:17 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 7:51 pm
An MLA has landed in trouble after television cameras caught him wiping his hands on a former MP’s sari without her knowledge at a function in Madhya Pradesh.
The incident took place on Wednesday when Independent MLA Dinesh Rai and former Lok Sabha MP Neeta Pateriya shared the stage at a function in Seoni to distribute crop insurance money to farmers.
After TV channels repeatedly played the clip showing 44-year-old Rai wiping his hands on Pateriya’s sari, the MLA on Thursday tried to downplay the incident, saying he considered the former MP his bhabhi (sister-in-law), and that it was a “little prank”. But as criticism mounted, he was forced to apologise.
Pateriya, 51, initially said she was unaware of the MLA’s actions and said it was merely like a child playing a prank on his mother. Pateriya had defeated Rai in the 2008 Assembly elections.
Pateriya said his behaviour was objectionable and “he should have taken my permission if he wanted to use my pallu”.
She told The Indian Express that Rai called her twice to apologise, but she had left the decision (on whether or not to take legal action) to the BJP. The video clip also showed a few male politicians enjoying the MLA’s “prank”.
When contacted, Rai said, “I thought it was a little prank, but the media has maligned my character by depicting it in a different way. In the future, I will maintain a safe distance from all BJP workers and not enter their homes even to get rakhi tied lest I am accused of indecent behaviour.”
Saying that he will meet his supporters to discuss the incident, he added, “I will relinquish office if my voters feel I should… She (Pateriya) pardoned me first, but is now being instigated by BJP leaders in view of the upcoming municipal election.”

US STOCKS-Consumer staples edge higher on ConAgra boostUS STOCKS-Consumer staples edge higher on ConAgra boost
As leaders talk  soldiers face off at Chumar onLACIndian military sources said upwards of 500 Chinese troops had moved into a disputed stretch of the LAC near the village of Chumar.
Written by Praveen Swami , Pranav Kulkarni | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:36 am
Even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping met in New Delhi on Thursday, over a thousand troops from the two countries remained locked in a face-off along the Pare-Chu stream in Ladakh’s Chumar region.
Army sources described the face-off as the largest build-up of troops on the Line of Actual Control (LAC) since the crisis at Daulat Beg Oldi last year, but added that violence was unlikely.
“There has been no real tension between the troops, bar some pushing and shoving that broke out on Wednesday,” a senior military official said. “And we do not anticipate that this is going to escalate.”
“However,” the officer said, “the sheer numbers of troops committed by China is a cause for concern.”
While the Defence Ministry declined to comment officially, sources said the strength of troops on the Chinese side was upped to “about 1,000” by Wednesday evening. The number of troops on the Indian side is about 1,500, they said.
Modi referred to the tensions during his joint press conference with Xi, saying he had “expressed concern over the incidents that have taken place on the border”.
The studied language used by the PM contrasted with his election-time rhetoric, where he had frequently attacked the UPA government for failing to give a muscular response to Chinese military actions along the LAC.
Indian commanders from the Leh-based XIV Corps, and a Chinese military delegation led by Colonel Chen Zheng Shan, met on Wednesday in the latest in a series of efforts to defuse the crisis. The meeting, which followed a similar one held on Monday, ended without result.
Sources said there were no plans for another flag meeting at the moment.
Indian military sources said upwards of 500 Chinese troops had moved into a disputed stretch of the LAC near the village of Chumar — the last habitation in the Ladakh region before the Himachal Pradesh border — on Wednesday morning.
India and China differ on where the LAC runs in several areas. [See map] The Prime Minister called for “clarification work” to begin to resolve this divergence of interpretations, so that “peace and tranquillity” could be maintained along the LAC.
“For years now, troops on both sides have patrolled the disputed area, but this was the first incident where there’s been a build-up of this scale,” a military official in Leh said.
The Chinese mobilisation followed months of tension, which began after Chinese forces began to upgrade a road running up to the LAC in Chumar, on to what India claims to be its territory.
India objected to the construction, saying it violated an agreement between the two sides not to enhance military infrastructure in disputed areas.
In turn, China demanded that India dismantle an irrigation channel built near the Charding Nilu stream, a similarly disputed pocket in Demchok, several kilometres away.
The 2,000 sq km Chumar sector is continued…

SC is told: Life at risk  cant reveal who gave CBIlogbookRanjit Sinha
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:29 am
Days after the Supreme Court directed advocate Prashant Bhushan, counsel for NGO CPIL, to disclose the identity of the “whistleblower” who gave him CBI director Ranjit Sinha’s visitors’ logbook and other documents, the NGO on Thursday said it could not reveal the name in view of the “great risk” to his life.
“Several informants and activists have unfortunately had to lose their lives for complaining against corruption. People like Satyendra Dubey, S Manjunath, Amit Jethwa, Shehla Masood etc. were murdered for exposing corruption after their identity became public… The CPIL cannot tell its counsel to disclose the source and thus expose the source to great risk,” said the NGO in its affidavit.
The court will take up the issue on Monday. Earlier this week, the court had asked Bhushan to submit in a sealed cover the identity of the whistleblower, saying it wanted to “know about his authenticity”.
Bhushan had claimed that two unidentified persons gave him the visitors’ logbook, which purportedly showed frequent visits by some of the accused in the 2G and coal block cases among others. The CPIL, a petitioner in the 2G case, had filed an affidavit seeking Sinha’s removal for allegedly compromising investigations.

Impeachment ball begins to roll for JudgeManjunathThe MPs have also accused him of hearing and deciding a petition involving a housing society 'with clear conflict of interest'.
Written by Maneesh Chhibber | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:28 am
Over two months after the central government sent back the Supreme Court collegium’s recommendation to transfer Karnataka High Court Judge K L Manjunath to the Punjab and Haryana High Court, a group of Lok Sabha MPs has started a signature campaign to initiate impeachment proceedings against him.
It is learnt that the four Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MPs and some others have already signed the notice of motion for presenting an address to the President under Article 217 read with Article 124 (4) of the Constitution for Justice Manjunath’s removal for “proven misbehaviour”.
“Yes, we have started the signature campaign and are very hopeful that we will receive the required support from other parties, particularly those parties that advocate probity and honesty. We are in touch with MPs of many parties and the response is encouraging,” said AAP MP from Patiala Dharam Vira Gandhi.
The other three AAP MPs who have signed the petition are Bhagwant Mann, Sadhu Singh and Harinder Singh Khalsa.
Among the charges that the MPs have levelled against Manjunath are: possession of “wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income”, hearing and deciding a petition in favour of a housing society in which his daughter owned a plot, and failing to declare his assets in violation of the Full Court Resolution of 1997.
The petition, a copy of which has been accessed by The Indian Express, alleges that Manjunath, who was elevated as additional judge in 2000 and a permanent judge in 2001, “abused his position to amass several movable and immovable properties worth crores of rupees, disproportionate to his known sources of income”.
Property registration deeds and several other documents have been attached as annexures to support the allegation that Manjunath acquired several properties in the name of his daughter, wife and mother-in-law. The MPs have also accused him of hearing and deciding a petition involving a housing society “with clear conflict of interest”.
An MP who has signed the impeachment motion said it would be presented to the President before the winter session of Parliament, which is likely to begin in the third week of November.
In July this year, citing a strongly-worded adverse note by a senior Supreme Court Judge against Manjunath, the Centre had sent the recommendation regarding Manjunath back to the SC collegium for reconsideration. As first reported by The Indian Express, the collegium, headed by Chief Justice of India R M Lodha, thereafter didn’t reiterate its recommendation.
Incidentally, the previous two attempts by Parliament to impeach sitting members of higher judiciary — Calcutta High Court judge Soumitra Sen (now retired) and Chief Justice of the Sikkim High Court P D Dinakaran (now retired) — came a cropper after both resigned from their respective posts before the impeachment motions against them could be taken to their logical conclusion.

India grateful for new route to Kailash: PM ModiIndia grateful for new route to Kailash: PM Modi
US stocks end up; Dow  S&P 500 at record highsUS stocks end up; Dow  S&P 500 at record highs
Kings XI vs Hurricanespunjab-vs...    Cached
Kings XI Punjab will take on the Hobart Hurricanes in the opening Group B clash of the 2014 Champions League T20 at Punjab Cricket Association (PCA) Stadium on Thursday.
Also Try

Main Hoon Rajinikanthtakes-main...    Cached
'Rajinikanth Takes Main Hoon Rajinikanth To Court' on Yahoo Movies India. It was bound to happen. There is a limit to all the gimmicks and jokes one can crack on a ...
Also Try

CBI chief Ranjit Sinha row: Prashant Bhushan tells SC  NGO will not blow whistleblower s coverCBI chief Ranjit Sinha row: Prashant Bhushan tells SC, NGO will not blow whistleblower's cover
Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 18 2014, 14:45  IST
Sep 18 2014, 14:45  IST
 

Chinese troops defy India  despite Narendra Modi raising issue with Xi JinpingE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Johnson & Johnson setting up Telangana unit for Rs 400 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

No contingency plan to deal with SC coal block order fallout: Coal minE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Scotland vote to seal Uunited Kingdoms fateE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Editorial: The Amazon taxEditorial: The Amazon tax
Maruti to allow voting by minority investorsMaruti to allow voting by minority investors
Rating pat for Tata entitiesRating pat for Tata entities
Clarify stand on gas pricing: Supreme Court togovernmentPrint
Posted: September 19, 2014 5:00 am
The Supreme Court on Thursday asked the Centre to clarify whether it will continue with the previous UPA government policy on gas pricing mechanism or it has its own policy in view of a four-member committee of secretaries having submitted its report recently on the issue.
A Bench headed by Justice TS Thakur asked solicitor general Ranjit Kumar to clarify whether the government is going to change the C Rangarajan pricing formula notified in January that doubled the gas price to $8.4 per million British thermal unit or come with its own pricing formula.
Kumar told the court that it will file an affidavit after the government will take a decision on the gas pricing, which is likely to be announced by September 30. The court posted the matter for further hearing on November 14.
The Narendra Modi-led government had last month constituted a committee comprising secretaries of power, fertiliser and expenditure with additional secretary in the oil ministry as its member secretary to review the pricing formula keeping in mind public interest and recommendations of the Parliamentary Standing Committee, which said gas price should have some linkage with the cost of production.
However, the new recommendations that have been kept under wraps for the time being are to be reviewed by the oil ministry before taking any decision.
The Rangarajan formula, approved by the UPA government, was to be implemented from April 1 but was deferred by three months as general election was announced. Even the Election Commission has asked the previous government to postpone its implementation. The NDA government on June 25 delayed its implementation by three more months pending a comprehensive review.
When the counsel for petitioners wanted the Bench to stop the government from effecting any price revision for already developed oil fields, the Bench observed that let the government function for a while first. “Its a parliamentary democracy. The government is accountable on the floor of the House. You can raise it there. Why have you taken upon yourself to deal with the issue,” Justice Thakur said, while asking RIL to file its reply on the stay application filed by Common Cause, an NGO.
Counsel Prashant Bhushan told the court that an increase in gas price would lead to an increase in cost of urea, power and domestic gas. “Every dollar increase in gas price translates to around Rs 1,400 per tonne rise in fertiliser production cost. Rs 20,000 crore will go from government coffers towards providing subsidy to the fertiliser units,” he said asking the court to direct the government to keep the oil price hike in abeyance till the final disposal of the case. However, RIL senior counsel Harish Salve denied having any impact of price revision on the general public.
The apex court is hearing three petitions raising various issues including a directions to restrain the Centre from increasing the gas price from $4.2 to $8.4 per mmbtu at least for the gas taken from the existing fields like KG D-6 basin.
Senior CPI MP Gurudas Dasgupta and Common Cause have continued…

Jet Airways rule clarity claim flies in the face offactsDGCA had initiated an audit into Jet Airways after the airline’s Mumbai-Brussels flight, with 280 passengers on board, plunged 5,000 feet over Turkey last week. (Reuters)
New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:54 am
Although Jet Airways has blamed the “lack of clarity” in the government’s rules for its pilots flying even after their mandatory pilot proficiency checks (PPCs) had lapsed, an internal company memo shows the official concerned had drawn the attention of the management to the fact that pilots cannot fly till their PPC is renewed.
The Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) had initiated an audit into Jet after the airline’s Mumbai-Brussels flight, with 280 passengers on board, plunged 5,000 feet over Turkey last week as one of the pilots had dozed off and the co-pilot was busy on an iPad.
A subsequent audit by DGCA found that 131 of the carrier’s pilots continued to fly despite their PPC having lapsed. While the DGCA has already removed the training head, action against the 131 pilots is expected soon. On September 5, it issued a show-cause notice to three Jet officials, including senior vice-president of flight operations Nikhil B Ved.
In a media statement last week, Jet attributed the lack of clarity in government rules relating to civil aviation requirements (CAR) as the reason for pilots continuing to fly. “Some of the (DGCA) audit findings have resulted due to a lack of clarity in the regulatory interpretation of the processes. The airline’s senior management will meet the DG and his team to discuss the ambiguity in some of the existing regulation and will work closely with DGCA to close all the findings. The airline welcomes the inputs of the regulator and confirms that it will comply with all established norms,” the statement had said.
However, FE has accessed an internal email by Jet’s manager (training and flight operations) clarifying the rules categorically to senior Jet officials. “With the new Training CAR effective September 1, 2013, included are guidelines to enable all personnel follow the regulatory requirements and monitor the validations in order to avoid lapses,” the email dated September 24, 2013 said. “PPC validity to date, No extension. If a pilot is unable to undergo PPC as per the validity he is to be assigned NTST (not to be scheduled) till such time he undergoes the PPC,” the mail had stated.
In response to an FE query regarding the internal memo clarifying the rules, a Jet spokesperson said, “We have already had a dialogue with DGCA officials and we will address the issues in our response to the DGCA.”
Industry officials speculate that the airline might have chosen to extend the PPC of the 131 pilots because of an acute shortage that would have affected its domestic and international operations. Moreover, the lease of the building where Jet had its pilot training simulators recently expired, forcing continued…

In the margins  a hush hush recall toBeijingPrint
Written by Jay Mazoomdaar | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:43 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 4:44 am
A day before President Xi Jinping’s grand ceremonial entry into Ahmedabad, there was an unceremonious exit — in his Embassy in New Delhi.
In a highly unusual departure ahead of a state visit, Beijing quietly recalled its ambassador to New Delhi, Wei Wei, without saying where he was headed.
Wei Wei was replaced by Le Yucheng, China’s ambassador to Kazakhstan, barely 20 months after he took charge of the mission here.
Reached by The Indian Express for comment, Chinese embassy spokesperson Xie Liyan said: “I have no information.”
The sudden exit has left diplomatic circles guessing, some suggesting that Wei Wei was recalled to face “charges” in an “old” case, others saying it was another unexplained recall to Beijing. Sources said that plans to get  Wei Wei out were in place late last month and could be related to the current crackdown against some top officials in the party and government.
Ma Jisheng, China’s Ambassador to Iceland from 2012 until January this year, and his wife, Zhong Yue, left Reykjavik suddenly and are now said to be in Chinese custody. In this case, too, Beijing remained mum.
On September 16, a day before Xi Jinping set out for India, state-run news agency Xinhua quoted a press release from the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress (NPC) to announce that Le Yucheng had replaced Wei Wei. Le Yucheng served as Assistant Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2011 to 2013 before moving to Kazakhstan.
A career diplomat and a law post-graduate, Wei Wei served as ambassador to Zimbabwe, Kenya, Ethiopia, Brunei and Singapore before being sent to India in January 2013.
Wei’s predecessor Zhang Yan had served for four years in India and was appointed Executive Director of the Asia-Europe Foundation after his stint in New Delhi.

Winners of the 2014 Ig Nobel AwardsAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

LINN Energy Announces Permian -- California Trade With Exxon Mobil CorporationLINN Energy Announces Permian -- California Trade With Exxon Mobil Corporation
FMC allows MCX to start contracts  with ridersE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi  Xi mix business and leisureUpdated: September 18, 2014 08:35 IST
Modi, Xi mix business and leisure
Rahi Gaikwad
Prime Minister Narendra Modi looks on as Chinese President Xi Jinping and First Lady Peng Liyuan sit on a traditional swing on the Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. Photo: PTI
TOPICS
India-China
Two agreements, one MoU signed in Ahmedabad leg of visit
The three-day visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to India began on a positive note here on Wednesday with Mr. Xi and Prime Minister Narendra Modi sharing a rare bonhomie and the two countries signing two agreements and one memorandum of understanding.
The strong note of symbolism, ceremony and camaraderie between the two leaders set the stage for substantive talks to be held in New Delhi on Thursday.
Mr. Xi is the first Chinese President to visit India in eight years.
As the stakes are high for both, Mr. Modi, in a special gesture, travelled to Ahmedabad to welcome the Chinese leader.
After meeting Mr. Xi for a brief one-on-one interaction in a hotel and the signing of the agreements, it was time for some leisure. The visit to the Sabarmati Ashram marked a defining moment as Mr. Modi and Mr. Xi sat on the floor and spun the charkha. Mr. Xi gifted a charkha, a book and other items in a sealed box to the ashram.
In the evening on the Sabarmati riverfront, Mr. Modi and Mr. Xi witnessed a cultural programme by dance troupes from Gujarat.
The high point of the evening was an elaborate dinner of exclusive Gujarati vegetarian dishes Mr. Modi hosted for Mr. Xi, his wife, Peng Liyuan, and a delegation of 22 members.
Key aspects of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India
* 20 MoUs and agreements are expected to be signed by the two countries on issues related to infrastructure development, cultural ties among others during Mr. Xi's visit. Read more * Beijing is expected to push its new-generation APC1000 nuclear reactors. The two leaders are expected to discuss the possibility of a civil nuclear cooperation agreement. Read more * Is the Gujarat model, the way forward for India-China ties? Gujarat has been among the biggest destinations for Chinese investment in India, with Beijing looking to take forward plans to set up industrial parks in India, in part based on its experience in Gujarat. Chief amongst the agreements will be the setting up of two ‘industrial cities’ near Gandhinagar and Pune on the lines of the Chinese manufacturing hub Shenzen. Read more * India has warmed up to the idea of the BCIM (Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar) corridor. Long promoted by China, BCIM is intended to link Kunming to Kolkata, Mandalay (Myanmar), Dhaka and Chittagong. It is intended to advance multi-modal connectivity, harness economic complementarities, promote investment and trade, and facilitate people-to-people contacts. Read more * China has amplified the pitch on its vision of the Maritime Silk Road (MSR) amid the repositioning of American forces in the Asia-Pacific and an emerging trade deal between Washington and its traditional regional allies. Read more * Over $10 billion investment is expected from China during Mr. Xi’s visit. Currently, Chinese investment in India stands at $400 million. President Xi Jinping, in his exclusive article in The Hindu, talks about ‘combining the world’s factory and the world’s back office to produce the most competitive production base’. Read more * 'Progress has been made in the negotiations on the boundary question, and the two sides have worked together to maintain peace in the border area,' wrote the Chinese Premier in connection with the decades-old border issues that have marred Sino-Indo ties for long. Read more * President Xi’s visit may provide Narendra Modi a rare chance to seize the moment by stating India’s political intent on solving the border row between the two countries, beginning with measurable steps to clarify the Line of Actual Control, and to root out border incidents. Read Editorial * With India and China deciding to mark 2014 as a “year of friendly exchanges”, talks on the issue of stapled visas might figure in the meeting. Read more

Future Market Networks: Outcome of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 18, 2014, 09.33 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Future Market Networks: Outcome of AGM (Clause 35A)
Future Market Networks has informed that the 6th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Future Market Networks: Outcome of AGM (Clause 35A)
Future Market Networks has informed that the 6th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Future Market Networks Ltd has informed BSE that the 6th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Impairment charge on assets pulls Tata Steel Q1 net down by 70%E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Tata Steel Q1 profit plunges 70% to Rs 337 crore in Q1E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Home Depot: 56 million cards exposed in breachHome Depot: 56 million cards exposed in breach
By Melvin Backman   @CNNTech September 18, 2014: 5:56 PM ET
 
Stolen credit card price tag: $102
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Home Depot confirmed Thursday that hackers exposed 56 million credit and debit cards during its months-long security breach.
The company also said it had eliminated the malware behind the attack from its payment systems.
Card readers that encountered the malware, which Home Depot said was a custom strain its security team had never seen before, were removed from service. The company is also beefing up its payment data encryption capabilities and other security measures.
Related: What do hackers know about you? A CNNMoney interactive
Cybersecurity expert Brian Krebs first discovered affected card numbers for sale on Sept. 2, the same day Home Depot ( HD ) says it began its investigation. The company later confirmed that hackers broke into its payment system possibly as far back as April.
"We apologize to our customers for the inconvenience and anxiety this has caused, and want to reassure them that they will not be liable for fraudulent charges," said CEO Frank Blake in a statement.
The company is offering identity protection services to any customer that has used a card in its stores since April.
The Home Depot hack is far from the biggest in history , but it did outrank the 40 million cards exposed in Target's holiday season breach last year.
Correction: A previous version of this story erroneously named Adobe as the biggest hack in history.
First Published: September 18, 2014: 5:37 PM ET
Most Popular

Biocon sells Syngene stake to Silver Leaf Oak for Rs 380 crE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Scottish Vote Echoes Far and WideScottish Vote Echoes Far and Wide
Prepared to go alone if seat-sharing talks fail: SenaPrepared to go alone if seat-sharing talks fail: Sena
Sovereign wealth funds cheer FPI framework; double assets in 10monthsPrint
Mumbai | Posted: September 19, 2014 5:04 am
Recent regulatory changes introduced by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) with regards to foreign investors seem to have gone down well with sovereign wealth funds (SWFs), who have more than doubled their equity assets in the last 10-12 months.
Just a couple of months after Sebi issued the draft regulations for foreign portfolio investor (FPI) regime, SWFs’ assets under custody (AUC) surged to their highest ever at $18.07 billion in December, 2013. Since then, SWFs have further raised their equity holdings, with AUCs surging past $24 billion — 150% higher than the levels seen just before the draft in September 2013.
Click here for graph
Experts say the new regulatory framework has made it easier for SWFs to access Indian markets. “The increased interest from SWFs in India is also aligned well with the recent changes ushered in by Sebi during the roll-out of the new FPI regime. The new regulations have provided relaxed norms for SWFs, foreign central banks, multilateral agencies, etc, in the form of an exclusive Category-1 for such investors,” said Ranjan Bhattacharya, head, custody and clearing, India, HSBC Securities Services. HSBC was core member of the Chandrashekar Committee that made recommendations for the new regulatory framework.
Experts say under the FPI regime, the Category I investors, which include SWFs, are the biggest beneficiaries as they need the least amount of documentation and enjoy a relaxed a fee structure. Category I FPIs are exempt from paying registration fees, while their counterparts in Category II and Category III have to shell out $3,000 and $300, respectively, under the new framework.
SWFs’ asset managers would earlier need double-tier registration. An asset manager would need an FII licence and the fund would need a sub-account licence. Under the new regulations, if the fund is regulated, it can register as an FPI. There is no need for a separate registration of the asset manager. “SWFs are typically structured with multiple asset managers having different investment strategies and the Indian regulatory framework is conducive for such models to be registered as FPIs in the market,” Bhattacharya added. Market observers say SWFs have only been testing the waters so far and could further raise their equity assets. The rally in markets has also contributed to the rise in value of assets held by SWFs.
Jash Kriplani | The Financial Express
 

Three quarters of Japanese firms prefer a stronger yen: Reuters pollThree quarters of Japanese firms prefer a stronger yen: Reuters poll
Hema Malini tells Bihar  WB widows not to crowd VrindavanDon’t crowd Vrindavan, Hema tells Bihar, WB widows
By Indo Asian News Service | IANS –  Tue 16 Sep, 2014
Print
Mathura: Bharatiya Janata Party's Lok Sabha member from Mathura-Vrindavan, cine star Hema Malini has questioned the presence of widows from Bihar and West Bengal in Vrindavan.
After finding poor living conditions in a shelter home in Vrindavan which she visited Monday evening, Hema Malini had said that she would talk to West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on the issue.
Around 2,000 widows live in half-a-dozen ashrams and shelter homes in Vrindavan. Three of these shelters are managed by Sulabh International.
The parliamentarian has found support among the local people on this issue.
"Hema Malini has echoed the local sentiment by raising the issue and asking state governments in Bihar and West Bengal to provide facilities for them in their respective states," Jagan Nath Poddar, convener of Friends of Vrindavan told IANS.
Most residents of this holy town see no rationale behind their permanent settlement in Vrindavan. Rasik Bihari, a shopkeeper said: "These state governments should keep them there and provide them basic necessities. Most are now getting pensions. So why do they come here."
Another activist Girdhari said: "There are numerous fake widows too, and many are suspected to be Bangladeshis."
Sanjeev Gautam, a senior media-person of Mathura told IANS: "Hema Malini is right, though one could have differences with her style of presenting arguments."
"For decades, West Bengal has had progressive governments. They should have provided facilities for rehabilitation of these hapless women. Why should they come all the way to Vrindavan and beg for alms, bringing a bad name to this holy town... It is high time these widows returned to their own states," said a local priest Radhey Shyam.
A Sulabh International official said: "we have nothing to do with this controversy. We are providing relief and facilities on instructions of the Supreme Court. Whether they stay here or go back, it is none of our concern. But we will continue to do our bit as long as they are here."
Recommend

Watch: Angry mob throws Ukrainian MP into garbage binLink
2 months ago, Associated Press Videos
Ukrainian activists threw a member of parliament Vitaliy Zhuravskyi into a trash bin, near Kiev's parliamentary building on Tuesday. (Sept. 16)
More on Associated Press Videos:
Popular Videos

Stronger China not a threat to anyone: Xi Ji...China
(Talking about the need to…)
NEW DELHI: A stronger China is not a threat to any country, Chinese President Xi Jinping today said and stressed on a "fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable" solution to the vexed boundary issue at an early date through peaceful talks.
Xi, who is here on a state visit, said while neighbours may have problems, one should not focus on just the differences.
"Many Indian friends take great interest in China's development and wish China even bigger progress," he said adding the country has made remarkable achievements in economic and social spheres.
He said "the world has benefited from China's development. However, we have also taken note (the view) of some that a stronger China is bound to follow the beaten path to seek hegemony and poses so-called threat to other countries.
"I wish to make it clear that China will be firmly committed to the path of peaceful development," he said addressing an event organise dby the think-tank Indian Council of World Affairs here.
Stressing that peace is paramount, he said even in ancient time, China had come to the conclusion that a war-like state, however big it may be, will eventually perish.
Talking about the need to strengthen China's ties with India , Xi said he believes South Asia will become a "new pole of growth" in Asia and beyond.
"I am convinced that South Asia, a sub continent that holds infinite potential, will become a new pole of growth in Asia and beyond. A South Asia that enjoys peace, stability and prosperity serves the interest of the countries and people in the region and of China as well," he said.
His address, laced with references of Indian thinkers and poets, stressed on the point that China wants to live in harmony with all countries in the region.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Microsoft lays off 2 100 as part of earlier ...Microsoft lays off 2,100 as part of earlier job cut plan
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 01.00AM IST
READ MORE ON » Satya Nadella | Microsoft
That is in addition to 13,000 laid off in July, which means a further 2,900 are set to be laid off over the next nine months or so.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SEATTLE: Microsoft Corp will close its Silicon Valley research-and-development operation as part of 2,100 layoffs announced on Thursday, as it moves toward its new CEO's goal of cutting 18,000 staff, or about 14 percent of its workforce.
News of the closure of the Microsoft Research lab at the company's campus in Mountain View, California, was first made public on Twitter by employees. The company later confirmed the move and said it would involve the loss of 50 jobs.
A spokesman said Microsoft Research, which has over 1,000 scientists and engineers worldwide working on new product ideas, will consolidate its U.S. work at Microsoft's main campus in Redmond, Washington, and in offices in New York and Boston.
After the cuts, Microsoft said it will still have 2,500 employees at its Mountain View campus, not far from rival Google Inc.
Microsoft is cutting 160 jobs in California on Thursday, and another 747 in the Seattle area, a spokesman said, as part of a total of 2,100 layoffs around the world.
This is the second wave of cuts after it laid off 13,000 in July, which marked the start of Chief Executive Satya Nadella's plan to lay off 18,000 people overall. That means 2,900 more layoffs coming over the next nine months or so.
Thursday's cuts were spread over different countries and teams, the spokesman said. The last wave of cuts mostly affected the handset business of Nokia, which Microsoft bought earlier this year.

Oracle s Ellison steps down as CEO  to be Ex...Executives Safra Catz and Mark Hurd will take over Ellison's role as CEO, the company said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO/SEATTLE: Larry Ellison , co-founder and leader of Oracle Corp for 37 years, stepped aside as chief executive officer on Thursday, to be replaced by co-CEOs Safra Catz and Mark Hurd , raising questions about a job-sharing arrangement that has had a fraught record elsewhere.
Ellison and the two new co-CEOs each stressed that nothing would change under the new management structure, with Ellison staying on as executive chairman and chief technology officer.
But Oracle shares fell 2 per cent to $40.70 in after-hours trading after it reported the management shake-up and that profit had fallen below Wall Street's average forecast, hurt by weak hardware sales.
The move immediately attracted criticism from management experts.
"In almost all cases, these co-CEO configurations are a jerry-rigged solution to a political problem," said Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, a professor at Yale School of Management.
The move comes earlier than expected by many investors, and appears designed to address concerns about the company's direction under Ellison, 70, who co-founded the database company that became Oracle in 1977 and has been Oracle's only CEO.
"While there was some speculation Larry could step down, the timing is a bit of a head scratcher and the Street will have many questions," said Daniel Ives, an analyst at FBR Capital Markets. "Investors have a mixed view of Safra and especially Hurd as co-CEOs given the missteps we have seen from the company over the past few years."
On a conference call with analysts, Ellison said: "I'm going to continue doing what I've been doing over the last several years. They're going to continue what they've been doing over the last several years," referring to Hurd, 57, and Catz, 52. "Mark and Safra have done a spectacular job and I think they deserve the recognition of their new titles."
Catz and Hurd echoed that mantra on the call.
"I want to make sure we are very, very clear. There will actually be no changes," said Catz. "No changes whatsoever."
For his part, Hurd stressed that Oracle was not hierarchical. "We're pretty flat in terms of the way we run the place, and we want to keep it that way," he told the conference call.
The creation of two CEO roles, which has largely been unsuccessful when tried at other companies, raises questions of how Catz and Hurd, both strong personalities, will work together at the top.
"Co-CEO structures are typically not ideal," said Bill Kreher, an analyst at Edward Jones. "They're both very independent thinkers who have strong wills. At times they won't agree. But they have worked closely together, and with Ellison. We don't see the day-to-day changing."
The two have very different histories. Catz, trained in finance and law, was a Wall Street banker from 1986 until she joined Oracle in 1999, and has been a central figure in Oracle's many acquisitions.
Sales-oriented Hurd spent 25 years at computer and ATM pioneer NCR Corp before joining Hewlett-Packard, where he was CEO from 2005 until 2010, when he resigned in the wake of sexual harassment claims by a female contractor. HP concluded that its harassment policy had not been violated but that Hurd had made inaccurate expense claims concealing entertainment for the contractor. He was courted by Ellison and joined Oracle later that year.
STEPPING BACK, BUT STILL PRESENT
Under the new arrangement, manufacturing, finance and legal functions at Oracle will continue to report to Catz, while sales and service units will continue to report to Hurd. Software and hardware engineering will continue to report to Ellison.
The major difference is that Catz and Hurd will now report to Oracle's board, rather than to Ellison himself, although Ellison is now executive chairman of that board.
Ellison will keep working full time, Oracle said in a statement. His step back from the top job mirrors Bill Gates at Microsoft, who stepped down as chairman of the software giant earlier this year but remains a board member and adviser to new CEO Satya Nadella.
Page 1 of 2

Scottish referendum polls end  huge turnout reportedScottish referendum polls end  huge turnout reported
BJP gives ally Shiv Sena ultimatum on seat-sharingBJP gives ally Shiv Sena ultimatum on seat-sharing
Japan trade deficit falls as exports riseJapan trade deficit narrows as exports rise
By Jonathan Soble in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/37e3af64-2827-11e4-9ea9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fed renews pledge on low ratesFed renews pledge on low rates
By Robin Harding in Washington and Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/546f1c9e-3e94-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russia targets western businessesRussia wages guerrilla warfare against western companies
By Neil Buckley
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d68c68bc-3e44-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Arrests signal new order in RussiaYevtushenkov loses favour as new Moscow order emerges
By Courtney Weaver, Jack Farchy and Kathrin Hille in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/66a2a474-3e7d-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yellen fights a war against impatienceYellen fights a war against impatience
By Robin Harding in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a4e2d22-3ead-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Critics fume over call for ecigarette curbsCritics fume over WHO call for curbs on ecigarette sales
By Clive Cookson and Tyler Shendruk
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9d7dee3a-343d-11e4-b81c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Salmonella cases linked to single sourceSalmonella cases linked to single source
By Clive Cookson, Science Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2eff4f94-2475-11e4-be8e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japans current account returns to deficitJapan’s current account returns to deficit
By Jonathan Soble in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32b2390a-1ed8-11e4-ad93-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Currencies and global growthCurrencies and global growth
The dollar’s rise is helpful but will not cure others’ ills
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b232cc2-39a8-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ready for the Bank of Japan to get creativeAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Japan retail investors target dollar fundsJuly 21, 2014 9:48 am
Japan’s retail investors pile into US dollar funds
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fd43a9a4-10a7-11e4-812b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BoJ pares growth forecast for fiscal 2014Last updated: July 15, 2014 12:42 pm
BoJ pares growth forecast for fiscal 2014
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5b1db2f2-0be1-11e4-a096-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cheap BoJ funds pour into JGBsJuly 9, 2014 5:07 am
Cheap BoJ funds pour into Japanese government bonds
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/631d843c-0718-11e4-b0d3-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kuroda predicts temporary drop in inflationHaruhiko Kuroda predicts temporary drop in inflation
By Ben McLannahan in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c0915b6-fac2-11e3-8959-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bets for volatile pound soar as Scotland votesBets for volatile pound soar as Scotland votes
By Reuters | 18 Sep, 2014, 12.33PM IST
The pound itself traded slightly higher at $1.6305, staying well above a 10-month low of $1.6051 struck last week. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Financial investors stepped up hedging against sharp fluctuations over the next 24 hours in the value of Britain's pound as Scots began to vote on Thursday in a referendum on independence that polls suggest is too close to call.
The overnight sterling/dollar implied volatility rose to a high of 34.75 per cent, almost 10 times levels seen a month ago, having closed on Wednesday at around 12.75 per cent. The overnight options will expire on Friday, when results for the Scotland vote will be announced.
The vote will close at 10 p.m. (2100 GMT) and the first trends are likely to come out a few hours after that.
Currency dealers said they are bracing for choppy trading as the first regions likely to report results could show a tendency to lean towards independence. That could see sterling coming under pressure.
Larger regions, with the highest per centage of the vote, are not expected to report until later, and the final result may not be clear until 0400-0500 GMT on Friday. Most polls show the "No" campaign with a slender lead in the knife-edge vote.
"All this will see plenty of volatility and hence the bid for overnight options," said a London based trader.
The pound traded slightly lower at $1.6275, but stayed well above a 10-month low of $1.6051 struck last week. It has bounced from those lows after most polls showed those intending to vote to stay in the union were slightly ahead.
Euro/sterling overnight implied volatility also shot up to trade over 33 per cent, from around 9 per cent on Wednesday.
Sterling gained 0.1 per cent to 79.10 pence per euro.
Risk reversals, which gauge demand for options on a currency rising or falling, showed their biggest bias for sterling weakness against the dollar in four years. The risk reversals also showed their highest bias for the pound's weakness against the euro in six years.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba in talks with Snapdeal to enter India: Report30
1
Mumbai: Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba is in talks with online retailer Snapdeal to enter India, the Economic Times reported on Thursday, citing two people aware of the development.
Alibaba, whose shares are set to debut on the US market on Friday in what could be the world's largest ever initial public offering, has discussed with Snapdeal a possible investment in the Indian company, but a decision has not been reached yet, the daily reported.
Snapdeal, in which Ratan Tata, the former chairman of salt-to-steel Tata conglomerate, holds a stake, is also attracting attention from Japan's largest e-commerce company Rakuten Inc and telecommunications firm SoftBank Corp, the report said, citing investment banking sources.
Alibaba has discussed with Snapdeal a possible investment in the Indian company, but a decision has not been reached yet, says a report.
#china #alibaba #snapdeal #online retailers
Snapdeal spokeswoman said the company does not comment on speculation, while Alibaba was not available for immediate comment when reached by Reuters.
Alibaba increased the price range on its initial public offering to $66 to $68 on Monday, reflecting strong demand from investors for the year's most anticipated debut.
6

Europe struggles to catch US biotech bullsEurope struggles to catch US biotech bulls
By Andrew Ward and Arash Massoudi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3f389094-3f25-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Dollar hits six-year peak vs yen  stocks rallyUS dollar hits six-year peak vs yen, stocks rally
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 12.56AM IST
0
Share More
A strong dollar makes dollar-priced commodities such as oil more expensive for buyers using other currencies but tends to weigh on oil prices.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The dollar hit a more than six-year peak against the yen on Thursday on data showing US jobless claims fell more than expected last week, while global equity markets rallied after the Federal Reserve renewed a pledge to keep interest rates low.
Leading British shares rose as investors bet Scotland would remain in the United Kingdom after Thursday's referendum.
A Thomson Reuters basket of 12 stocks listed on Britain's FTSE 350 index, based in Scotland, has slowly risen over the last two weeks.
The dollar index, a gauge of the greenback's value against six currencies, climbed to its strongest in more than four years, supported by the Fed's interest rate forecasts that were higher than those projected in June.
But the index and the euro retreated after the British pound climbed 0.83 per cent to $1.6408 versus the dollar on anticipation Scotland would remain in the UK. The pound last traded up 0.55 per cent at $1.6364.
"The dollar will be in a consolidation phase in the short term after yesterday's sharp gains," said Greg Moore, senior currency strategist at RBC Capital Markets in Toronto.
The dollar rose as high as 108.96, the strongest since August 2008, and last traded at 108.75, up 0.35 per cent.
The euro rebounded, rising 0.39 per cent to $1.2915. Wall Street rallied, with both the benchmark S&P 500 and Dow indexes setting new intraday highs.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 94.86 points, or 0.55 per cent, to 17,251.71. The S&P 500 added 7.68 points, or 0.38 per cent, to 2,009.25 and the Nasdaq Composite
gained 24.63 points, or 0.54 per cent, to 4,586.81. In Europe, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of top regional shares closed up 0.93 per cent at 1,398.03. MSCI's all-country world index rose 0.23 per cent to 428.48.
US Treasury debt prices turned down, with investors driving some shorter-maturity yields to highs not seen since May 2011 after the Fed on Wednesday raised its forecasts for some interest rates.
Yields on two-year notes touched a high of 0.597 per cent before settling back.
Yields on benchmark 10-year Treasury notes were up to 2.6290 per cent on a price decline of 8/32.
The number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week, suggesting a sharp slowdown in August job growth was probably an anomaly.
While other US data on Thursday showed some weakness in home building and factory activity, the underlying trend remained supportive of solid economic growth.
Crude oil fell, pressured by ample supply, concerns about demand growth and a stronger dollar.
A strong dollar makes dollar-priced commodities such as oil more expensive for buyers using other currencies but tends to weigh on oil prices.
Brent settled down $1.27 at $97.70 a barrel, while US crude fell $1.35 to settle at $93.07 a day after dropping on government data that showed US crude inventories rose 3.7 million barrels last week.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Wall Street sees holes in US Fed s new policy-tightening planThe Fed seems to be "downplaying the idea that the RRP facility might someday become the centerpiece of the Fed's operating procedures," analyst said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: No sooner did the Federal Reserve reveal its plan for eventually tightening US monetary policy than many on Wall Street flagged problems with the mechanics of the strategy, and said more adjustments would have to come.
Some market participants worried that a new limit on the Fed's reverse repurchase facility would hurt efforts to raise interest rates as quarters draw to an end when investors typically hunt for collateral. Others predicted the controversial tool would ultimately play a bigger role than the US central bank let on.
In reverse repos, the Fed offers Treasury securities as collateral in exchange for cash from banks, large money market mutual funds and others, temporarily draining cash from the financial system.
On Wednesday, the Fed surprised many by updating its policy "normalization" plan, meant to help the public understand exactly how it will raise rates from near zero when the time comes. The process will be unusually tricky given the tremendous amount of liquidity the central bank has pumped into financial markets to try to spur a stronger economic recovery.
The Fed also issued a policy statement at the close of a two-day meeting that suggested the first rate hike wasn't due until around the middle of next year.
According to the plan, the overnight repo facility, or RRP, would only be "supplementary," used "as needed" to serve as an effective floor under the main federal funds rate, and later shuttered.
At the same time, the Fed tripled the amount that each bank or fund could lend into the facility during its current testing and applied an overall $300-billion cap, less than the $340 billion in demand RRP faced at the quarter-end on June 30.
The new cap on what had been an unlimited facility raised fears that once the tightening cycle begins, and demand rises, financial markets could face unusual volatility on days that firms scramble for short-term collateral.
The Fed's policy-setting committee "will ultimately hold its nose and expand its RRP operations ... to a trillion dollars or more if that proves to be necessary to maintain a firm floor under rates," predicted Lou Crandall, chief economist at Wrightson ICAP LLC.
The central bank seems to be "downplaying the idea that the RRP facility might someday become the centerpiece of the Fed's operating procedures," he said.
The new limits are effective Sept. 22, and analysts said volatility could erupt eight days later when the quarter draws to a close. Some noted that the Fed aims to gather information on how participants will react on Sept. 30.
For a year, the central bank has been testing the facility as a way to control short-term rates by draining the trillions of dollars in reserves it has created fighting the deep recession. It has seen strong demand from bidders. But Fed policymakers grew concerned that over-reliance on repos could encourage runs on some funds deemed risky in times of market stress, and wanted to limit use of the facility.
"The new operating system has sacrificed control in favor of minimizing the Fed's presence in the repo market for fear a large presence may cause distortions," said William Lee, head of North America economics at Citigroup, adding the decision "may be a mistake."
The Fed, however, left itself much wiggle room. The new repo limits can be changed or dropped; no date was set for termination of the facility; and the central bank said it is "prepared to adjust the details" of its normalization plan based on economic or financial developments.
The Fed aims to use the repo rate as a floor when it raises the overnight federal funds rate to a higher target range, say between 0.25 and 0.50 per cent. A rate the Fed pays banks on their excess reserves would serve as the ceiling and, according to the plan, be the primary tool to tighten policy.
Given the desire to limit use of repos, Fed Chair Janet Yellen acknowledged on Wednesday that the key fed funds rate "may vary within the target range and could even move outside of that range on occasion, but such movements should have no material effect on financial conditions or the broader economy."
Once demand at the facility exceeds $300 billion, an auction will determine the repo rate, not the central bank. In this case, investors would look beyond the Fed to other sources for funding, and the market-based rate would decline.
"In effect, this could mean a soggy or softer floor for the (fed funds) corridor," Millan Mulraine, deputy head of US research at TD Securities, wrote in a client note.
"When the Fed goes live next year they are almost certainly expected to revert back to setting the price, and having the market determine the quantity of excess reserves drained," he wrote. "Otherwise it will work against the purpose of tightening."

56 mn card details likely stolen in breach: ...Home Depot's payment security systems had been breached and customers' details who shopped at its stores as far back as April were exposed, the company confirmed last week.
ET SPECIAL:
Home improvement retailer Home Depot Inc said 56 million card details were likely stolen in a data breach between April and September at its stores in the United States and Canada.
Criminals used unique, custom-built malware to evade detection in the breach, the company said.
Home Depot's payment security systems had been breached and customers' details who shopped at its stores as far back as April were exposed, the company confirmed last week.
The malware has been eliminated from its U.S. and Canadian networks, the company said.

Stiglitz and others try to solve the riddle© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/ec422956-3f22-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The perils of home ownershipDeeper reform of housing finance is vital for stability
By Martin Wolf
The huge bet we have taken on leveraging up property has gone very badly wrong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5a9aa84a-3e76-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Short View: ECBs woe© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/35a56f5e-3f50-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Beyondbrics: crude awakeningSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

The MBA in a technical worldAll posts are published in UK time.
Contact charlotte.clarke@ft.com about the MBA blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .
Meet the MBA students
Age: 25
Nationality:American (Eritrean origin)
Background: Merih has a degree in civil engineering, where he worked in the infrastructure and transportation sector as a government official leading strategic metric development initiatives for four years. He hopes to further develop his skill set while obtaining his MBA, and transition into the private sector after graduation.
Age: 26
Nationality: United States
Background: Emily has a degree in political science and international studies and has since worked as a management consultant for Bain & Company. She hopes her MBA will assist her in launching a socially responsible online business in South America.
Age: 26
Nationality: South African
Background: Sam has worked in consultancy in South Africa. He hopes eventually to build an Africa and emerging market private-equity fund and sees an MBA as a step in that direction.
Age: 27
Nationality: Filipino
Background: Monica graduated with a BSc degree from the University of the Philippines and for the past four years has been working in leading financial institutions. She is eager to advance her career and welcomes the opportunity to study in one of the top international financial centres of the world.
Age: 30
Nationality: British
Background: Michael decided to study for an MBA because he wants to switch from his current role in assurance for one in a technology start-up or in a technology venture capital firm. He chose his course for its focus on innovation, entrepreneurship and design.
Age: 34
Nationality: British/Australian
Background: Omar has been working at an ethical investment company where he led the development of its Islamic investment product platform. He sees his MBA programme as a way of learning more about leadership.
Age: 28
Nationality: American
Background: Victoria has a degree in English and has six years of marketing and PR experience in the cultural sector. She hopes her MBA will supplement her creative background with formal business skills.
Age: 29
Nationality: British
Background: Gareth is a professional cricketer for Glamorgan County Cricket Club and has played for the club since 2006. He has a first class degree in maths and physics in 2006. He wants his EMBA to prepare him for a life after cricket.
Age: 25
Nationality: Indian
Background: Piyush grew up in the Middle East. He has worked with several life science start-ups in India, helping them to secure funding. He now wishes to merge his sales and marketing skills with his interest in life sciences and believes studying in California is the ideal location.
Age: 28
Nationality: British
Background: Philippa has a PhD in psychiatry and has been working at Cambridge Cognition in a scientific consultancy role. She chose Wharton because of the health care management major it offers and its alumni network.
Age: 24
Nationality: Polish/British
Background: Marta is a Fulbright Scholar. She was drawn to a US-based programme because she wants to study in an optimistic "anything can happen" society. She has worked in consulting and e-commerce.
Age: 30
Nationality: British/Australian
Background: Owen spent four years as a diplomat in the Australian Government, then three years in start-ups in Edinburgh, London and San Francisco. He hopes to take a role in innovation, knowledge transfer or entrepreneurship on graduation.
Age: 38
Nationality: Italian/British
Background: Ignaz grew up on a farm in the Italian Alps, trained as an architect in Vienna and studied in London and Paris. He has a PhD in humanities and most recently worked in research data management.
Age: 40
Nationality: Italian
Background: Domitilla works as a social media strategist for an Italian publishing company. She has a bachelor's degree in marketing psychology and is eager to acquire more management knowledge to advance in her career.
Age: 29
Nationality: Indian
Background: Prakhar has been working in cloud computing. He sees his EPGP as an opportunity to move into education and healthcare cloud technology.
Age: 30
Nationality: Italian
Background: Michele has a technology consulting background and more than five years' professional experience on technology innovation. He has a masters in electronic engineering and recently worked for an IT consulting company.
Age: 26
Nationality: Indian
Background: Kshitij has worked in various industries including manufacturing, sales and marketing and technology but realised he needed theoretical knowledge. He believes Singapore is a gateway to the world and enjoys its international and cultural diversity.
Age: 23
Nationality: British
Background: Jaya is part of the Young Potential Leaders (YPL) programme on the full time MBA at Manchester. She is the youngest in her class having only recently graduated from Manchester University with a masters in biomedical material engineering.
Age: 28
Nationality: Canadian
Background: Alex has an undergraduate degree in management and organisational studies  from the University of Western Ontario. She has been working in retail wealth management and is now eager to gain  experience in other sectors.
Age: 32
Nationality: British
Background: Ekta is a senior strategy manager at Accenture. She is eager to expand her horizons and wants an outside perspective to complement her  existing experience.
Age: 28
Nationality: American
Background: Madhavi's passion is designing sustainable business models, products and services that enrich people's lives.  After completing her dual-degree, she hopes to apply this passion for business design in a role focused on strategic innovation.
Age: 34
Nationality: British
Background: Linda works for an investment bank in New York. She chose the OUBS as it allows her to study anywhere in the world while continuing to work full time.
Age: 31
Nationality: Indian
Background: After working for a decade in one of India's largest IT companies Amar has recognised he needs to expand his skills if he is to progress in his career. The IPMX will give him the chance to reassess his goals.

The Strawberry Tree is an innovative solar-powered public phone charging stationSeptember 18, 2014 12:53 pm
The tree that recharges your phone
By Snezana Curcic
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3031199c-3e8d-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nomuras UK arm rises from Lehman legacyNomura’s London arm rises from Lehman legacy
By Martin Arnold and Daniel Schäfer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e41bb0c2-3f26-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Home Depot attack bigger than TargetsHome Depot attack bigger than Target’s
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f9a2b26-3f74-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tim Cook rips apart Googles business model | Apple won t be able to pry into iPhonesApple's CEO Tim Cook rips apart Google’s business model in 2 paragraphs
Business Insider Sep 19, 2014, 03.08AM IST
Tags:
Apple CEO
(Cook writes that many internet…)
Apple CEO Tim Cook wrote an open letter to customers on Wednesday detailing the company's privacy policy. One portion of the letter sticks out in particular, and it's a clear jab at the way Google does business.
Cook writes that many internet services are free, but use your personal data to market products to you. "You are the product," Cook writes, referring to internet services like that.
That's how Google operates. Its algorithms scan your email, web searches, etc. in order to show you relevant ads. Facebook has a similar model. Here's the key part of the letter:
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold bounces off 8-1/2-month low on short coveringIn the physical market, premiums in top buyer China picked up on Thursday, climbing to $5-$6 an ounce, up from about $4 in the previous session.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK/LONDON: Gold rebounded on Thursday, as investors bought back their bearish bets after speculation over an earlier-than-expected US interest rate hike by the Federal Reserve sent bullion prices to a 8-1/2-month low.
Bullion prices were pressured earlier in the day after data showed US jobless claims fell more than expected, suggesting a firming labor market, a trend seen as supportive of economic growth.
Follow-through selling also weighed on gold a day after the US central bank renewed its pledge to keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," but indicated it may raise borrowing costs faster than expected once it starts moving.
Analysts said that gold prices look vulnerable to a further fall as the US dollar index climbed to its strongest level in more than four years and as US equities ended at fresh record highs on Thursday.
"Today is a short-covering rally, but I think this could be a 'dead cat bounce.' If this follow-through doesn't hold, we can retest the $1,200 support again," said Eli Tesfaye, senior market strategist at Chicago-based RJO Futures.
Spot gold fell to its lowest since Jan. 2 at $1,216.01 an ounce early on Thursday and was last up 0.2 per cent at $1,224.81 by 4:16 p.m. EDT (2016 GMT). The metal had lost 1 per cent in the previous session.
US COMEX gold futures for December delivery settled 70 cents lower at $1,226.90 an ounce, with trading volume around 25 per cent above the 30-day average, preliminary Reuters data showed.
The dollar rose to its highest since July 2010 against a basket of currencies after the Fed raised its projections for rates over the next two years and announced a further $10 billion reduction in its monthly bond purchases, leaving the program on course to end next month.
Before Thursday, gold had dropped in four out of six sessions on worries of an early US rate increase. The precious metal has benefited from low borrowing costs in the years after the 2007-09 financial crisis, as these encouraged investors to put money into the non-interest-bearing metal.
But as the US economy normalizes and interest rates are projected to rise, gold investment demand is unlikely to return in the West, Thomson Reuters GFMS said in its 2014 Interim Gold Report.
In the physical market, premiums in top buyer China picked up on Thursday, climbing to $5-$6 an ounce, up from about $4 in the previous session.
Among other precious metals, silver was up 0.2 per cent at $18.51 an ounce, having touched its lowest since June 2013 at $18.27. Platinum edged down 0.1 per cent at $1,341.75 an ounce, while palladium fell 0.3 per cent to $826.50.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Alibaba prices record-setting IPO at $68Alibaba prices shares in IPO at $68
By Nicole Bullock in New York and Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bca355ee-3f7c-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

First lady Peng Liyuan charms Delhi childrenFirst lady Peng Liyuan charms Delhi children
Broadband units merger may cost Airtel Rs 4...Airtel may pay DoT Rs 436 crore for broadband unit’s merger with itself
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Airtel Broadband Services
(Bharti Airtel acquired…)
NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel, India's No. 1 telecom carrier, may have to pay Rs 436 crore for merging its subsidiary Airtel Broadband Services Pvt Ltd (ABSPL) with the company, as the transaction would mean a change in the unit's permit from that of an Internet provider to a unified licence.
Bharti Airtel acquired the business from US-based Qualcomm's broadband wireless access (BWA) operations last year. It then renamed the unit Airtel Broadband Services.
ABSPL has an Internet service provider's licence to provide wireless broadband. Merging the unit with Bharti Airtel, which holds a unified licence to provide telecom and Internet services, will allow Bharti Airtel to use ABSPL's bandwidth to provide all kinds of wireless telephony, and not just Internet. An internal note of the Department of Telecommunications, seen by ET, cites this as one of the reasons to seek a payment from the company.
Secondly, the merger and acquisition rules for the telecom industry mandate that the company must pay the difference between the entry fee and the marketdetermined price for the spectrum it got through the acquisition to the government.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Schalke stop Chelsea juggernaut in its tracksSchalke stop Chelsea juggernaut in its tracks
By By Mike Collett | Reuters –  Thu 18 Sep, 2014
Schalke 04's Klaas-Jan Huntelaar (C) celebrates with team mates after scoring …
By Mike Collett
LONDON (Reuters) - Schalke 04 halted the Chelsea juggernaut when they drew 1-1 in their Champions League Group G opener at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday, handing a wake-up call to the London club who had won their first four games of the season.
After Cesc Fabregas put Chelsea ahead with his first goal  for the club after 11 minutes, it seemed the floodgates would open and Chelsea, who have scored 15 goals in a perfect start to the Premier League, would run out easy winners.
They wasted chance after chance, however, and Klaas-Jan Huntelaar equalised after a rapid Schalke counter-attack in the 62nd minute to leave the home side frustrated.
With Maribor drawing 1-1 with Sporting Lisbon in the other game in the group, the result is unlikely to have a major impact on the way the rest of the stage pans out.
But at least Schalke, who finished third in the Bundesliga last season, showed they still have plenty to offer after a poor start to the German season which has seen them slip to 18th in the 20-team division after a draw and two defeats in their opening three league matches.
SOME CLUES
Their coach Jens Keller was a happy man afterwards, and offered a few clues to Chelsea's Premier League opponents on how to stop them.
"I am very proud of what my team did today against a top team like Chelsea. We were aggressive, we played into space, we had tempo and I am delighted with the performance. If we played like that we knew we had a chance," he said.
Asked if Chelsea might have under-estimated Schalke after beating them 3-0 home and away in the group stage last season, Keller said, "It's possible, but its neither here nor there.
"Tactically we played it exactly as we planned."
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho, who spoke before the game of how he would like to become the first coach to win the European Cup with three different clubs after his successes with Porto in 2004 and Inter-Milan in 2010, appeared grumpy afterwards.
He told reporters: "I told my players 20 times that (Julian) Draxler likes to come inside on his right foot and (Sidney) Sam wants to come inside on his left foot but we did not do that and that was a mistake we made," he said.
The other key mistake Chelsea made was down to Fabregas.
He was fortunate Croatian referee Ivan Bebek allowed play to continue after he appeared to foul Max Meyer at the start of the move that led to his goal, which came when he fired past goalkeeper Ralf Fahrmann with a lofted angled drive.
JUSTICE DONE
But then justice appeared to be done when he lost the ball at the start of the move that led to Schalke's equaliser, allowing Draxler to cut inside before moving the ball on to Huntelaar to equalise with a superb shot from the edge of the penalty area.
Chelsea could have been well clear by then had their finishing been as sharp as usual.
After Fabregas opened the scoring he skied a shot over the bar from 12 meters in the 37th minute while Didier Drogba, making his first start since his return to Stamford Bridge missed two good chances in the second half.
Eden Hazard, Branislav Ivanovic and John Terry all went close to scoring for Chelsea, as did Loic Remy after he replaced Drogba in the 73rd minute.
Three minutes after coming on Remy's sizzling shot was headed off the line by defender Roman Neustadter.
"We had our chances to win the game but ended with a point, it is not the best result, but I cannot complain," Mourinho added.
"Didier missed one chance by a few inches, and that would have been 2-0 but football is like that. Didier Drogba is not crying because of that miss."
Schalke had their chances too with Kevin-Prince Boateng forcing Thibaut Courtois into a diving save with a swerving shot smashed with the outside of his right foot, before Draxler fired wide with the goal gaping just before the half ended.
The late introduction of Diego Costa, who had scored seven goals in his first four games, could not break the deadlock, although Mourinho has a greater worry for his new striker.
"We have to manage him very carefully as he has this hamstring injury," he said. "He will play against Manchester City at the weekend, but cannot play against Bolton (in the League Cup) next week, that's for sure."
(Editing by Martyn Herman and Stephen Wood)
Recommend

Congress vote shows Americans united against Islamic State: Barack ObamaCongress vote shows Americans united against Islamic State: Barack Obama
Natural gas drops on bearish U.S. supply reportNatural gas drops on bearish U.S. supply report
France s Competition Authority Calls for Tighter Regulation of Highway Concession SectorFrance s Competition Authority Calls for Tighter Regulation of Highway Concession Sector
Blue Origin engines to power Atlas V rocketsBlue Origin engines to power Atlas V rockets
Engines from the aerospace firm founded by Jeff Bezos might one day propel NASA astronauts. Read related article.
Human
Atlas V rockets to send
satellites, military payloads and
the Atlas V is the
Russian- made
on an Atlas V is
expected in 2019.
UAL plans to phase out
Russian engines for the
Atlas V and work with Blue
Origin on its BE-4 engine,
which has been in
The Atlas V is one of NASA’s
primary choices as it makes
plans to  begin launching
people into space again. If
that happens, the boost
a Bezos company.
FUTURE MANNED MISSIONS
SOURCE: United Launch Alliance, Blue Origin. GRAPHIC: Patterson Clark and Alberto Cuadra - The Washington Post. Published Sept. 17, 2014.
Related stories

Reliance Jio signs tower sharing pact with GTL Infra to speed up 4GrolloutPrint
Mumbai | Posted: September 19, 2014 5:09 am
Network services company GTL Infrastructure on Thursday said it had entered into a Master Services Agreement (MSA) for tower infrastructure sharing with Reliance Jio Infocomm as the Mukesh Ambani-led company hopes to accelerate the launch of its pan-India fourth-generation (4G) telecom services in coming months.
Both GTL Infra and Reliance Jio, however, didn’t reveal the size of the deal.
Reliance Jio Infocomm already has many pacts with tower infrastructure companies as it plans to roll out 4G services before the end of the current fiscal.
Apart from a pact with Ascend Telecom for more than 4,500 towers, the Navi Mumbai-headquatered telco also has agreements with Tower Vision for 8,400 towers, ATC India for 11,000 towers and Viom Networks for 42,000 towers. Additionally, it has an agreement with the Anil Ambani-led Reliance Communications for sharing the latter’s optic fibre infrastructure and over 45,000 towers. The company also has a tower sharing agreement with Bharti Infratel and for sharing optic fibre with Bharti Airtel.
Our mission is to launch a pan India next-generation voice and data service, said Reliance Jio Infocomm’s managing director Sanjay Mashruwala said in a BSE filing on Thursday.
“This agreement with GTL Infra is not only a step in that direction but will also help us accelerate our rollout,” Mashruwala added.
According to a recent Credit Suisse report released in September, Reliance Jio Infocomm is on track to launch its pan-India fourth-generation data and voice services by March 2015.
Chairman Mukesh Ambani had in June told Reliance Industries shareholders that Reliance Jio will roll out fourth-generation (4G) data and voice services across 5,000 towns and cities and 215,000 villages in 2015.
GTL Infra, together with Chennai Network Infrastructure (CNIL), a subsidiary of GTL Infra’s parent company Global Group Enterprise, currently holds a combined portfolio of over 27, 800 towers.
The launch of 4G networks and the rise in consumption of data is a growth driver for tower companies, said Global Group’s Group CEO Charudatta Naik, in a statement to the BSE. Global Group is an infrastructure services company involved in sectors like telecom and power. It has two companies listed on Indian stock exchanges, GTL and GTL Infrastructure.
While GTL’s standalone net debt stood at Rs 2,104.21 crore at the end of March 31, 2014, according to Bloomberg data, GTL Infra’s standalone net debt stood at Rs 4,922.09 crore during the same period.
Both companies, however, opted for corporate debt restructuring (CDR), after taking heavy loans to purchase Aircel’s tower assets for about $1 billion in 2011.
At GTL’s AGM on Tuesday, founder Manoj Tirodkar told shareholders the company was looking to exit CDR in two-to- three years, or reduce its debt considerably during the period.
“We will get rid of unrequired assets, unprofitable businesses, and look for joint venture opportunities with our profitable businesses,” he said.
fe Bureau | The Financial Express
 

End of Era: Ellison Steps Aside as Oracle CEOAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Scotland s referendum: how the votes are adding upScotland s referendum: how the votes are adding up
HUL cashes in on bhelpuri wrapped in Pepsodent ads | Zooms in on smaller marketsYou are here: Home > Collections > Hul
HUL gets Mumbai vendors to wrap bhelpuri in leaflets featuring Pepsodent ad
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 07.10AM IST
Tags:
bhelpuri
(HUL has tied up with around…)
MUMBAI: When Vishal Thakkar bought four packets of bhelpuri from a roadside vendor in Mumbai late last month, they all came wrapped in similar green colour papers with children's drawings and messages about brushing teeth and fighting germs, bringing a smile to his face. Only when he found the same eye-catching design on the paper cone in his next 'chaat outing' did Thakkar realise it wasn't a coincidence.
It was part of a marketing campaign by Hindustan Unilever for its oral care brand Pepsodent. India's largest consumer products firm has tied up with around 48 bhelpuri walas across Mumbai, asking them to wrap their popular roadside snack in leaflets of Pepsodent's campaign about fighting germs and brushing twice a day.
"The idea was, 'how can we spread the oral care message to adults in a manner that is relevant for them?' Bhel is a popular evening snack and that is the time to tell adults to brush twice a day," said Atul Sinha, category head for oral care at HUL. Marketing experts say such initiatives create a bigger impact than promoting brands through paid media channels.
"At a very low cost, you get high recall and people talk about it. So the engagement quotient is high too," said Alpana Parida, president at brand strategy firm DY Works. She considers HUL's initiative as part of 'earned media', which means creating a buzz by virtue of your own action.This is not the first time HUL has come up with such an innovative idea to take its message directly to consumers.
A year ago, at the Kumbh Mela, it stamped 'Did you wash your hands with Lifebuoy?' message in Hindi onto millions of rotis in a campaign that was awarded the Grand Effie as well as Bronze Lion at Cannes earlier this year.
Last year, Coca-Cola came out with its 'Small World Machines' campaign that allowed consumers in a mall in New Delhi to interact with those in a mall in Lahore through high-tech Coca-Cola vending machines with 3D touchscreen, and it followed it up with a commercial with visuals of some of these interactions.
HUL started its Pepsodent campaign about brushing twice a day early last year. It teamed up with over 1.5 lakh kids across schools who expressed their creativity through paintings to promote the message. The leaflet distributed through bhelpuri walas carries one of these paintings.
Now, HUL plans to launch an advertisement based on the whole campaign, from tying up with schoolchildren to using the leaflets for wrapping bhelpuri. The company plans to launch this commercial digitally before airing it on television, hoping that it will go viral.
Hindustan Unilever has been trying to improve its share in the Rs 6,000-crore oral care market , which is dominated by Colgate with market share of 54.3%. HUL is a distant second with roughly 24% share. The sector is seeing increased competition and aggressive advertising spends, especially after the entry of Procter & Gamble.
FEATURED ARTICLES

F&O traders rush to cover shorts on unexpected Fed surpriseDerivatives
(Analysts said traders have…)
MUMBAI: Derivatives traders, who had built bearish bets on the Nifty ahead of the key Fed meeting, scrambled to cover these positions after the US central bank surprised global markets by committing to keep interest rates at near-zero levels for "some considerable time".
Brokers and analysts said many traders were forced to book losses on these positions as the Nifty jumped soon after a weak opening. "Many traders were trapped with their positions on Thursday. They had to cover their short positions or book losses," said Alex Mathews, head of research at Geojit BNP Paribas.
Analysts said traders have been building short positions since September 8, when the Nifty had touched its all-time high of 8,180. Even after the correction since then, many of them had held on to these bets. Analysts said there are fewer short positions.
"We have seen major short-covering in markets on Thursday after Nifty had crossed 8050 levels. Currently, one can safely assume that there is no build-up of short positions in the system," said Jitendra Panda, managing director and CEO, at Peerless Securities.
Brokers said the build-up of futures and options positions by foreign institutional investors (FIIs) over the next few days would be closely watched. NSE's Volatility Index, or VIX which is a measure of traders' expectations of nearterm risks in the market based on Nifty options prices, hit an all-time low of 12.32 on Thursday. But, analysts expect the VIX to advance in the run-up to the September series futures and options expiry.
The highest open interest (outstanding position) build-up in Nifty put options was at 8,000 strike with 83.06 lakh shares.
Analysts interpret the build-up as an indication that the index will find support around these levels.
Nifty call options saw the highest open interest build-up at 8200 strike, suggesting traders expect the index to rise to this level over the next few days.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chettinad Cement gears up for major expansionUpdated: September 18, 2014 00:21 IST
Chettinad Cement gears up for major expansion
K. T. Jagannathan
business (general)
Putting firmly behind the happenings of the recent past, Chettinad Cement Corporation Ltd. is going ahead with its project plans in Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and Karnataka at a combined cost of over Rs.3,750 crore.
The company has received all the necessary clearances for its upcoming Greenfield project in Andhra Pradesh, and expansion in Karnataka.
The company is putting up an 3.5 million-tonne integrated cement plant in Guntur district of Andhra Pradesh by investing Rs.1,100 crore.
It is also expanding its cement facility at Gulbarga in Karnataka to 5.75 million tonnes from the current 2.5 million tonnes. Also, it is putting up a 130-MW captive thermal power unit. The expansion plan in Karnataka will involve an investment of around Rs.2,010 crore.
Besides, it is also putting up a 2X2 million-tonne cement grinding unit, and a 2X50 MW captive thermal power plant at Solapur at a cost of Rs.660 crore.
The Greenfield project in Andhra Pradesh and the brown-field expansion in Karnataka would take three years to go on stream.
The company has already acquired 1,000 acres for its proposed project in Andhra Pradesh. For the Maharashtra grinding venture, it has acquired 120 acres.
Chettinad Cement Group Managing Director M.A.M.R. Muthiah said that the company had a debt-equity ratio of 1:1. To a question, he said the upcoming projects would be financed through a combination of debt and internal accruals. To a specific query, he said there was no plan to raise capital from public.
“In the last 20 years, the installed capacity of the cement units has increased from one million tonnes to 13.5 million tonnes. With the commissioning of new and expanded units, it is possible to scale 20 million tonnes,’’ he added.
Chettinad Cement, he said, would also explore possibilities of spreading its wings to become a pan-India player. In this context, he said the company was looking at project options in Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan.
According to Mr. Muthiah, the Rs.4,000-crore Chettinad Cement is currently operating at 50 per cent of its capacity due to sluggish market conditions.

Alarm bells: Why  India s lost generation  is a systemic riskView Photo
Saumya Khandelwa | Hindustan Times | Getty Images
Singaporean Thomas Ong, a director at a local private equity firm, recently got invited as a guest lecturer at a private college in Jaipur, India. "I had heard stories about India's young people with 'excellent academic and English speaking skills' but what I encountered was the complete opposite," he said.
Not one student in a class of 100 has ever heard of Bill Gates or Warren Buffet. Most students could not understand, let alone speak fluent English. "The only question they had at the end the lecture was how to find a job at home or abroad," Ong said.
His account is anecdotal evidence of what human resource experts, corporate leaders and countless surveys have been highlighting over the past few years - that despite India's huge talent pool of graduates, few are equipped with skills to be gainfully employed.
Read More Can India offer an Ivy League education?
According to a survey conducted by Aspiring Minds, an entrepreneurial initiative in preparing youth for employability, as many as 83 percent of graduating engineers in 2013 could not find jobs, given their poor English language and cognitive skills.
In fact, only 2.6 percent of graduates in India were recruited in functional roles like accounting, 15.9 percent in sales-related roles and 21.3 percent in the business process outsourcing sector. "Nearly 47 percent of Indian graduates are unemployable in any sector, irrespective of their academic degrees," noted Varun Aggarwal, co-founder and COO of Aspiring Minds.
The statistics run counter to the perception that India's relatively youthful population could help reap demographic dividends for the country down the line.
Read More India's growth speeds up in after-glow of Modi's triumph
In 2020, the average Indian will be only 29 years old, compared to 37 in China and the U.S., 45 in West Europe and 48 in Japan, according to India's Ministry of Labor and Employment. By 2030, India's 1.5 billion population will have 68 percent men and women in the working age of 15-68, compared with 65 percent today.
Theoretically, a nation with young demographic has lower dependency ratio, which leads to increased consumption that can be channeled into higher investment and therefore growth.
For India however, the reality on the ground couldn't be more different. "It is not unusual to see graduates employed as security guards, driver or waiters in restaurants, given the poor standards of education. So what demographic dividend are we talking of? The generation coming of age in the 1920s faces the greatest underemployment ever in history," said Anil Sachdev, a human resources specialist and career coach.
Read More Are China-India ties entering a new chapter?
The fault appears to lie in the dismal education standards in India. As little as 10- 12 percent of the 15-29 year-old age group in India receives any formal or informal training compared with to 28 percent in Mexico or 96 percent in South Korea.
For tertiary education, none of the 42 central universities in India feature in the most recent QS list of best 200 colleges in the world. In the rankings of the best MBA schools by the Financial Times, the prestigious Indian School of Business has fallen six places to the 36th spot this year and Indian names are conspicuously missing in the top 25 places.
Analysts say a lack of occupational focus in the degrees offered by local universities could be partly to blame. Some 82 percent of the enrolment is in arts, sciences and commerce programs rather than specific skill-based courses. Even among the engineering and management colleges, less than 25 percent can apply theoretical knowledge to functional areas, given the emphasis on rote learning and theory in the education system, says Aggarwal. The situation progressively deteriorates moving into the tier 2-3 towns from the metros.
Read More With eye on China, Modi's India to develop disputed border region
"Excessive government regulation, outmoded curricula and a drop in the standards of teaching have led to a deterioration in the standards of education so much so that India's demographic dividend may well turn out to be a demographic disaster," said Pramath Sinha, co-founder of the new-age Ashoka University and ex-dean of Indian School of Business, the country's first public private initiative to bridge jobs and employability gap.
Systemic risk?
According to the World Economic Forum's 2014 Global Risk Report, high youth unemployability raises the risk of social instability and hampers economic growth. Analysts fear this is playing out in India.
The planning commission has estimated that the country needs 500 million skilled laborers in the next 5-7 years to support economic expansion, compared with the current capacity of 3.1 million.
Read More Focus on Rape in India Ignores Gender Violence as a Global Tragedy
It's a mind-boggling ambition, India watchers say, given that most state governments do not have the budget, will or capabilities to build the required education infrastructure. Private initiatives, meanwhile, are stymied by archaic socialist laws that ordain that education be a 'not-for-profit' activity. While colleges have mushroomed in the country, the learning outcomes are so poor that they have developed an infamous reputation for being ill-respected teaching shops that dispense degrees on the tap.
"It is the biggest scam in history where political money has found its way into institutions of higher learning. While world over the government's role is focused on learning outcomes, in India the focus is on political controls in the name of 'not-for- profit. Urgent education reforms is the need of the hour," said Sachdev.
The poor education standards are recipes for social problems as incidents of crime escalate, added Sinha.
"The consequences could be huge if no action is taken. Already we are seeing an increase in violence, rape and crime in states like Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. If more than two-thirds of the youth don't realize their economic potential, how can a nation achieve its growth targets? Trouble is no one seems to be paying heed," he said.
@YahooINFinance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook

Very bullish on India for next 2-3 yrs  says Hans GoettiLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Very bullish on India for next 2-3 yrs, says Hans Goetti
According to Goetti, emerging markets are going to benefit from Fed not willing to raise interest rates anytime soon.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
The Federal Reserve has said that it was nearing the end of its asset purchases and reiterated it would not hike interest rates for a 'considerable' period. CNBC-TV18 spoke to Hans Goetti, head of Asia Investment at Banque Internationale À Luxembourg, to know how this move will impact the global markets going ahead.
According to Goetti, emerging markets are going to benefit from Fed not willing to raise interest rates anytime soon. He maintains that the Indian market will be re-rated or revalued on the upside because of the changed political landscape and remains very bullish on India for the next two-three years.
"India has the potential to become the fastest growing economy in Asia by that time period," he adds.
Below is verbatim transcript of his interview:
Q: We have seen big reaction in a market like India, even the other emerging markets (EMs) are doing quite okay. Do you think EMs are set for a few more months of easy liquidity, what would be your call on EMs now?
A: The call is that EMs will benefit from the fact that Fed is apparently not willing to raise interest rates. It looks like they are willing to over stimulate the economy just to avoid deflation or low inflation rates and so on.
In the past, in previous cycles the tendency has been to tighten policy too much after a financial crisis maybe too soon and they want to avoid that mistake. So the risk here is that the Fed may fall behind the curve but for now most equity markets, EMs will benefit.
Q: What is the opinion of investors with regards to the President of China visiting India and the possibility of a synergy taking place in Asia of two of the biggest economies at least in terms of population?
A: The BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India and China) nations have started forming a competition to the International Monetary Fund (IMF). They are setting up their own banks and a lot of efforts are being made by the BRICs to cooperate and work more closely together. In a way, they provide a counter balance to the US dollar as a reserve currency.
I am not saying the US dollar as a reserve currency won’t stay here for another at least 10 years or more. However, there is an increased tendency to move away from the US dollar and may be that can be seen in their context so that the BRICs nations are actually working closer together in many areas.
Q: What is your call on India now because we went through two-three days of correction but it has been a linear rally for Indian market dating right back to January? At current levels would you still put some more money to work or would you wait on the sidelines?
A: If you have a time horizon of two-three months you could argue that consolidation would be relatively healthy because after the election we had a good run, we had a good run before the election even and a lot of good news is being discounted, valuations are a bit on the higher side but if you have a time horizon of two-three years it is a completely different story.
We maintain our view that the Indian market will be re-rated or revalued on the upside because of the changed political landscape and we remain very bullish on India for the next two-three years. Infact India has the potential to become the fastest growing economy in Asia by that time period.
Q: What are investors talking about with regards to the Scotland referendum, how much of a game changer is it for global equities and maybe even allocation of funds towards Europe?
A: It is a sentiment issue. The markets are hoping for a no vote. The pulse indicates a no but again it is going to be a very close call and there could be a surprise if there is a yes vote which would surprise the markets.
It would lead to some volatility in the near term. Would it be the end of world, clearly not but it is something the markets wouldn’t like. In this time of relative uncertainty in many areas of the world, it is not something markets would like to see, an additional factor that brings volatility.
RELATED NEWS

Bosch Strike: Union Talks With Management on ThursdayApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Bangalore: The first round of talks with the management would be held on Thursday to resolve issues at German auto component major Bosch's Adugodi plant, where strike by workers entered the second day on Wednesday, a union official said.
"We will be holding bilateral talks with the management as per the direction of Additional Labour Commissioner Narasimhamurthy to solve issues pending for the past 22 months," Mico Employees Association president S Prasanna Kumar told PTI in Bangalore.
A the bilateral meeting - a tripartite meeting involving the union, the company management and the Additional Labour Commissioner - will be held on September 20, he said.
The workers had gone on an indefinite strike on Tuesday claiming that the management planned to cut down some medical benefits and demanded productivity "which cannot logically happen to the level of their expectation".
In a filing to the BSE on Tuesday, the company on described the demands of the workers as "unreasonable" and the strike as illegal.
The company has 2,575 permanent workers, 700 temporary workers and 1,000 contract workers, Mr Kumar said.
The management has also started issuing transfer orders to employees to shift to Bidadi plant near Bangalore without even discussing facilities like transport, he said.
The company's Bangalore plant has a history of workers' unrest, and the plant was shut down temporarily following a strike in September 2011.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 23:56 (IST)

Why cheaper drug only for 91 nations Protesters to GileadLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Why cheaper drug only for 91 nations? Protesters to Gilead
No good deed goes unpunished and US drug-maker Gilead Sciences is learning this the hard way. What began as a soft murmur against Gilead's voluntary licensing deal with 7 Indian generic drug-makers for its Hec-C treatment have become a full-blown protest.
Post your opinion here
09:00 pm
US drugmaker Gilead Sciences may believe its voluntary license deal with seven Indian drugmakers is a path-breaking attempt to make Hepatitis-C treatment affordable, but not everyone sees it that way.
No good deed goes unpunished and US drug-maker Gilead Sciences is learning this the hard way. What began as a soft murmur against Gilead's voluntary licensing deal with 7 Indian generic drug-makers for its Hec-C treatment have become a full-blown protest.
No one's disputing the fact that Gilead's Hep-C drug Sovaldi, which is priced at USD 1,000 per day in the US market, will now be available to patients in 91 countries at a fraction of this cost. What the protesters are finding fault with is that the licences exclude several middle-income countries with a high instance of Hep-C.
Campaigners claim that even in markets that fall within the purview of this deal, Sovaldi will be unaffordable to many patients. But Gilead is dismissive of these arguments.
"The decision of which countries to include or exclude really goes by the economics of the country and gross national income type of calculations. And for countries that follow outside the licence because they are at a higher income level or may not have a significant hepatitis-c burden as some of the other countries, We do work with the govts to provide at fair prices that reflects their economics. So we call that tier pricing," Gregg Alton, VP, Gilead Sciences told the channel.
Gilead is entitled to a 7 percent royalty on sales from these generic companies, and argues that competition will pull prices down in these 91 markets to below USD 300 per month. As far as India goes, however, Gilead is not in the clear.
Its patent application for Sovaldi is already facing challenges, and should it be rejected, the deal with these 7 generic companies will become null & void and its patent in other markets may also be called into question.
RELATED NEWS

Bill Gates shares Modi vision of affordable toilets for every homeBill Gates shares Modi vision of affordable toilets
Sanchita Sharma , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 18, 2014
First Published: 22:02 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:03 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
Microsoft-founder Bill Gates, 58, is the world's richest man with a fortune of $76 billion.
Bill Gates, the co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, speaks to HT in an exclusive interview, in New Delhi, on Thursday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
Having stepped down as chairman and then turning to a "technology adviser" for Microsoft's new CEO Satya Nadella, he now spends his time trying to save people from preventable death.
It's not easy, but the impatient optimist and co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has a plan. Funding the fight against polio was a small part of it.
Gates speaks to health editor Sanchita Sharma about the things that excite him, things that annoy him, and the optimism that keeps him going.
What keeps bringing you back to India?
Over 20% of the world's children are born here, and over 40% of them don't get a full set of vaccines. About 40% grow up without full physical and mental development. The opportunity to understand what tools could be invented and what systems could be used to improve these things excites us.
The world is close to having a computer in every home. Are we moving fast enough in getting a toilet in every home too?
Actually, making toilets either at the community or household-level and having them affordable and attractive - which in the case of toilets implies that they don't smell badly - that's a tough challenge.
If you were to go to every city in India and get piped clean water for every toilet in every home and a pipeline that treat the water, you're talking about literally hundreds of billions of dollars.
And yet, we should be able to create a toilet design that doesn't require all that, something that chemically treats the waste in such a way that the smell and the disease-causing properties are eliminated, and that too economically. In fact, some of the designs generate extra energy, and even act as chemicals for fertilisation that is completely clean. So, there is a lot of excitement around innovation in that space.
Watch: Bill Gates on healthcare in India, Modi's efforts and more
You're meeting Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday. Will you discuss toilets and sanitation with him?
The PM has enunciated some fantastic goals in sanitation and financial services. He held a discussion about adding new vaccines very quickly. So really, sitting down and saying, we want to help with goals that you have already enunciated, and be a good partner for delivering those things across all of India - I think that will be a key topic of conversation.
How can technology scale up low-cost innovations to reach those who need it the most?
The poor are lacking vaccine coverage, and we can certainly use the tools to make sure that the workers are coming in, the supply chain is working, and if they are serving everybody who comes to these clinics. Technology can also be used to watch how the money is moving, to see where it is going, and where the money should go. Digital tools make it easy to keep track of what's getting done.
Do you think India is looking after its mothers and children?
India has made a lot of progress in the last decade, and so a lot less children and mothers are dying now. But there is still a substantial gap left.
Things like stunting - India is not really doing as well for its children as it should. And when you allow these children to be stunted, you're also holding back their mental development. What is India's primary resource? Why is everybody, including us, so excited about the future of India? It's because of its people...  Between fixing health and fixing education, that's where India can really achieve these really high growth rates, and find itself in a very different situation 10-15 years from now.
Your foundation donated $50 million to fight against Ebola. How would the money be used?
We're spending about $20 million on tools, which are drugs, vaccines and diagnostics. We've given $15 million to global partners and $15 million to local partners. I'm getting many emails every day asking whether things are going well, whether they're not going well. We and others would give even more if we see that it is needed.
Do you discuss diarrhoea and toilets with your kids over dinner?
We kinda joke about it. 'Do you guys want to hear about our Foundation work?' Another joke is about, "Hey, your father is going to visit sex workers in India." And how many family conversations are about, 'what did you see when you visited the red-light district, father? What stories did you hear?'
How far is the world from polio eradication?
I've spent a lot of time on the issue. Until Ebola came along, I received more emails on that than any global health thing.
We're hopeful that within the next year, we'll see the last case in Nigeria. The quality of their campaign keeps improving and it feels a lot like the time when India got close. Pakistan is the other place... There's some progress in terms of getting into Waziristan. They are hopeful, but if we have to guess right now, it's not quite clear. Pakistan right now would possibly be the last place (for polio).
What are the two qualities that drive success?
I think you have to learn a lot of things and look at a lot of cases where things went well and didn't go well. We have to be pretty analytical about it and ask what happened there. We need to ask ourselves what the opportunity is to change things.
What do you do to unwind?
I play tennis, I have three kids. Melinda and I just took our 18-year-old daughter to university on Tuesday. After we said goodbye to her, we flew to India. We do a lot with our children, we have a 12-year-old and a 15-year-old too.

India  China sign 16 pacts worth $20 bn in two daysAnand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Jadavpur University: Governor seeks report  Mamata Banerjee says effort to defame state22
0
Kolkata: West Bengal Governor KN Tripathi on Thursday asked the state education minister to resolve the stalemate in Jadavpur University in the wake of Tuesday night's police action on the agitating students.
However, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, without making any reference, said "now a small incident is being blown out of proportion" to defame the state.
"Governor KN Tripathi sent for Education Minister Partha Chatterjee and Home Secretary Basudeb Banerjee today and asked them to look into the matter and to resolve it. The Governor has also sought a report from the Home Secretary," a Raj Bhavan source said.
Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, "Now a small incident is blown out of proportion. Attempts are being made to create riots, to provoke and trigger tension. Why this will happen? This should not be done."
#west bengal #mamata banerjee #kn tripathi #jadavpur university
The Governor is also the Chancellor of the university where the police rescued Vice-Chancellor Abhijit Chakraborty and others on Tuesday night, after they were gheraoed by students for several hours.
Meanwhile, at a meeting with organisers of the upcoming Durga puja festival, Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee said, "Now a small incident is blown out of proportion. Attempts are being made to create riots, to provoke and trigger tension. Why this will happen? This should not be done."
Banerjee, who did not refer to any incident, said, "Do not take law in your own hands." "You are working hard but there is a concerted effort to only defame the state. We won't allow to this to happen," she said.
City police commissioner Surajit Kar Purakayastha denied allegations of lathicharge on the students and said that the situation could have turned worse had the police not intervened as there were reports of armed miscreants entering the campus.
Education Minister Partho Chatterjee appealed to students to withdraw their class boycott call and return to studies.
184

Srinagar court records destroyedUpdated: September 19, 2014 01:53 IST
Srinagar court records destroyed
The Hindu People row boats on a submerged road in Dal Lake, Srinagar. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
disaster and accident
When the Jhelum breached its banks on September 7, one of the first buildings it inundated was the lower court, on the banks.
The flood submerged the court's ground floor, and with it, the records of Srinagar’s land and property disputes, fake encounter cases, militancy-related cases, traffic offences, marriages and other deeds.
The court, still under water, could find itself without records when it reopens.
“More than 80 per cent of the records have been under water for over a week and most probably they are completely damaged,” said lawyer Shakeel Zahgeer. Mohammad Ishaq Qadri, Advocate-General, told The Hindu that the damage could only be assessed once the water had drained completely. “If the records are lost, the court will have to depend on the files of lawyers,” said Public Prosecutor Riyaz Ahmad Bhat.

RBI needs to raise policy rates to bring down inflation: IMFE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Harsimrat talks up food park projectUpdated: September 19, 2014 03:07 IST
Harsimrat talks up food park project
Sangeetha Kandavel
Tweet
The Hindu Union Minister for Food Processing Industries Harsimrat Kaur Badal inspects garbage collection at Pammal on Thursday. Photo: G. Krishnaswamy
Union Minister for Food Processing Industries Harsimrat Kaur Badal is upset that not many people from Tamil Nadu have evinced interest in the mega food park project sanctioned by her ministry.
“Tamil Nadu is the biggest food processing market, after Andhra Pradesh, but has taken the least number of schemes. This State has a huge potential in the processing of fruits, vegetables, milk and poultry, and I encourage more people to avail themselves of such schemes,” she said on Thursday, on the sidelines of a national conclave on the Indian food processing sector, organised by the Indo-American Chamber of Commerce.
“Around 40 projects have been sanctioned under this scheme since 2008. I was surprised to see that not many came up in Tamil Nadu… We sent out invitations again and have got 84 applications. Of these, only six were from the Tamil Nadu region,” she said.

Scotland independence: close fight between Yes and No camps  UK s fate on knife edgeToday's twitter trend map is amazing http://t.co/gtqUfG8Sz2 #voteyes — Caledonia (@Caledonia_1) September 18, 2014
What would be left?
The prospect of breaking up the United Kingdom, the world's sixth-largest economy and a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, has prompted citizens and allies alike to question what would be left, while the financiers of the City of London have warned of market turmoil.
British politicians, banks and businessmen have closed ranks to warn of economic hardship, job losses and investment flight should Scots decide to go it alone. Defence would also be a big question - Britain's submarine-borne nuclear arsenal, part of NATO's defences - is based in Scotland's Firth of Clyde.
The United States has made clear it wants the United Kingdom, its main ally in Europe, to remain together.
"The UK is an extraordinary partner for America and a force for good in an unstable world. I hope it remains strong, robust and united," US President Barack Obama said.
European leaders have warned that an independent Scotland would have to get to the back of the queue to join the European Union. Spain has been especially vocal, fearing it would further inspire separatists in Catalonia and the Basque Country, many of those voting for independence felt rule from London had opened too wide a gap between rich and poor. "I want a different kind of Scotland, a socially just Scotland," said Lisa Clark, a church worker, after casting her vote for "Yes".
Five surveys showed support for independence at 48%, compared with 52% for the union, while a fifth poll showed it even closer at 49% to 51%.
Another showed unionists at 53% and separatists at 47%.
The surveys also showed as many as 600,000 voters were undecided, making the vote too close to call. Polling stations close at 2100 GMT and a result is expected early on Friday.
Read: Brought to India during the Raj, many Scots left their mark
In Glasgow, there was a carnival-like atmosphere, with some people wearing blue-and-white face paint. A man running a financial services business and a hotel on the Isle of Skye had come down to his hometown Glasgow to cast a "No" vote.
"I think it's a great concept, but working in finance I can see the difficulties," he said, giving his name as Eddie.
Salmond has employed a mix of shrewd calculation and nationalist passion to haul the "Yes" campaign from far behind to within a whisker of winning his dream of an independent Scotland. But the momentum needs to continue if he is to win.
Facing the biggest internal threat to the United Kingdom since Ireland broke away nearly a century ago, Britain's Prime Minister David Cameron could find his job on the line if Scotland breaks away.
The 47-year-old prime minister has conceded that his privileged English background and Conservative politics mean he is not the best person to win over Scots, although in the past few weeks he has made emotional appeals for Scotland to stay in Britain's "family of nations".
That has left the leadership of the unionist case in the hands of the opposition Labour party, the only party with the local support capable of checking the secessionist Scottish National Party.
Former Labour Prime Minister Gordon Brown, a Scot who has in recent days led the battle cry for the union, on Wednesday warned Scots in Glasgow, Scotland's biggest city and a crucial battleground, that Salmond was "leading us into a trap".
"Have confidence, stand up and be counted tomorrow," Brown thundered, fists clenched, to applause and cheers from unionist supporters. "Say to your friends, for reasons of solidarity, sharing, pride in Scotland, the only answer is vote 'No'."
A united kingdom?
In the event of a vote for independence, Britain and Scotland would face 18 months of talks on how to carve up North Sea oil and what to do about EU membership.
Scotland says it will use the pound after independence, but London has ruled out a formal currency union, while Britain will have to decide what to do about the nuclear submarine base on the Clyde, which the nationalists want to evict.
Salmond has accused London of orchestrating a campaign by business leaders aimed at spooking Scots after businesses from oil giant BP BP.L to financial services group Standard Life SL.L cautioned about the risks of independence.
To blunt Salmond's argument for breaking away, Britain's rulers promised to guarantee Scotland high levels of state funding and grant Scots greater control over finances.
British leaders accept that even if Scotland votes to keep the union, the United Kingdom's structure will have to change, as granting further powers to Scotland will provoke calls for a less centralised state from voters in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
Some currency traders in London prepared to stay up all night to buy or sell sterling GBP on the results of the vote.
US Treasury Secretary Jack Lew said there were potentially significant economic ramifications from the vote and that a strong United Kingdom was important.
Electoral officials said the result is expected by breakfast time on Friday morning, but partial results will give an indication of the trend after the count of major cities such as Glasgow are declared around 0400 GMT.
With more than 486,000 voters, Glasgow is crucial, and the way its traditional Labour supporters go could be decisive.
Edinburgh and Aberdeen, which with Glasgow make up nearly a quarter of the vote, are also expected around about that time.
Helicopters will fly from specially lit landing sites from remote islands to deliver ballot boxes to regional counting centres.
(With AFP inputs)

SRK: The greatest businessman can walk away from a deal as it doesnt feel rightComments
Shah Rukh Khan, the badshah of Bollywood and the promoter of Kolkata Knight Riders, Kidzania and Red Chillies, believes that a business or a product can be complicated, but it should work simply. Of the view that earnings from endorsements could translate into bigger and better films, Khan says the greatest businessman on earth is one who is ready to walk away from the most lucrative deal, not because of money, but because it doesn’t feel right.
Edited excerpts.
What role have endorsements played in your stardom?
They have allowed me to do the kind of films that I want to. There have been days when I have picked up the phone and said “Are you signing me on for next year? Can you pay me now, because I am making my film?” Kolkata Knight Riders and Kidzania are separate businesses on their own, but everything else allows me to make the films and choose the films I would like to do. Actors used to look down upon appearances in advertising, saying, “I am an actor, I am enigmatic, I cannot be overexposed.” I changed that because I felt I could take these earnings and put them into bigger and better films.
You said that brands and brand ambassadors share a symbiotic relationship. What happens when you as a brand ambassador is targeted for anger against a brand, or the other way around?
At a macro level, if it is legal, there is nothing wrong in doing it. I think that if any company or product puts a face on their business, such as Tag Heuer, for example, which is more than 100 years old, it is a big risk. If someone says, let’s take a face and make our whole company work towards this man’s face, then it is a big honour. And yes, I have been picked on for doing certain ads, like the one I did for a fairness brand.
How does Shah Rukh Khan the person evaluate and nurture brand Shah Rukh Khan?
If I were to write a book on the science of how this brand was built, it would finish off in one sentence — it was a happy accident. The people I have worked with have somehow managed to create a character and brand out of me. I have a wonderful team of ladies who question my choices more than I do. I go by instinct. And of course the films I have done. It’s a little more exaggerated than it is true, but I am happy how it has built up. I try to keep up but it’s a pain when you’re made to be such a good guy. I am an employee of the myth of Shah Rukh Khan. So I keep working. It is a lot of hard work —18 hours a day. But when you wear a dark suit and go for an IPO, you have to talk like that. It is difficult.
Are you worried that to some extent, the health of Kolkata Knight Riders, Kidzania and Red Chillies depend on your name?
They do and it’s not a nice thing. Which is why none of these is named after me. I am only their brand ambassador. I have sort of been shifted out of the marketing of KKR. They tell me to just come and wave with my kids. They don’t need me for the ads. I did a press conference for Kidzania a year-and-a-half after running it. The name Red Chillies stems from the fact that I don’t want it to be named Shah Rukh Khan Productions. I am completely anti that. Hopefully, in two-three years it will be an individual company, which could have been promoted by me to start off with. Also the name Red Chillies  because, in case it fails, we can always start a Mexican restaurant!
Any tips for CEOs and CMOs reading this?
First, keep it extremely simple. Your business or product can be extremely complicated to make, but it should work simply. Like mobile phones. Second, don’t get into a business if you don’t have the passion for it. Third, there are people who sell off their businesses —I don’t understand that. You live with the business and you die with it. If it’s done well, you should be feeling blessed and  if it hasn’t, it should take you down... Fourth, every business has a gestation period. This is especially true for young start-ups. Just when you begin to lose hope, it will come back. Like KKR. We kept losing and now we are champions twice over. So don’t give up. Last, in business, there are only two decisions to take — you either do it or you don’t. There is no but, maybe, perhaps. If you are ready to walk away from the most lucrative deal, not because of money, but because it doesn’t feel right, you will be the greatest businessman on earth.
The business of being Shah Rukh Khan, as told by the King himself

Providing Workers  Bank A/C Nos Must: EPFOProviding Workers  Bank A/C Nos Must: EPFO
Newest iPhones Hit the Market Down UnderNewest iPhones Hit the Market Down Under
China s $20 bn investments way below expectationsChina s $20 bn investments way below expectations
Maruti vote on Gujarat plant delayedMaruti vote on Gujarat plant delayed
Dollar mixed on U.S. data  Fed rate hike expectationsSep 19, 2014, 12.52 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Dollar mixed on U.S. data, Fed rate hike expectations
Dollar mixed on U.S. data, Fed rate hike expectations
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dollar mixed on U.S. data, Fed rate hike expectations
Dollar mixed on U.S. data, Fed rate hike expectations
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - The dollar traded mixed to lower against most major currencies on Thursday, buoyed by expectations for tighter monetary policy on the horizon and softened by a mixed bag of U.S. data.
In U.S. trading on Thursday, EUR/USD was up 0.47% at 1.2920.
The Federal Reserve on Wednesday said that it will likely close its monthly bond-buying program in October and suggested it will raise interest rates in 2015.
The Fed added interest rates will hover just above zero for a "considerable time" after it closes its easing program, but the U.S. central bank also suggested it could begin hiking benchmark borrowing costs faster than anticipated once it decides to start tightening policy.
An end of stimulus and prospects for higher interest rates should give the dollar added support going forward, though mixed U.S. data allowed for profit taking on Thursday.
In a report, the U.S. Department of Labor said the number of individuals filing for initial jobless benefits in the week ending Sept. 13 fell by 36,000 to 280,000, the lowest level since mid-July, from the previous week's revised total of 316,000.
Analysts had expected jobless claims to fall by 11,000 to 305,000 last week.
Separately, the U.S. Commerce Department said that the number of building permits issued last month dropped by 5.6% to 998,000 units from July's total of 1.057 million.
Analysts expected building permits to fall by 0.4% to 1.045 million units in August.
The report also showed that U.S. housing starts tumbled by 14.4% last month to hit 956,000 units from July's total of 1.117 million units, confounding expectations for an increase to 1.040 million.
The dollar was up against the yen, with USD/JPY up 0.38% at 108.77, and down against the Swiss franc, with USD/CHF down 0.74% at 0.9342.
The greenback was down against the pound, with GBP/USD up 0.61% at 1.6376.
Scots were flocking to the polls on Thursday to vote on their independence in a referendum, with investors taking up positions betting that voters will decide to remain part of the U.K.
The pound firmed earlier after the final Ipsos Mori opinion poll of the referendum campaign showed the no vote was slightly ahead at 53%, while support for the yes vote was at 47%.
Past polls found the yes and no camps trading places at 51% versus 49%, and the latest survey suggested the no campaign was advancing.
The dollar was down against its cousins in Canada, Australia and New Zealand, with USD/CAD down 0.45% at 1.0954, AUD/USD up 0.30% at 0.8983 and NZD/USD up 0.57% at 0.8143.
The US Dollar Index, which tracks the performance of the greenback versus a basket of six other major currencies, was down 0.38% at 84.43.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Microsoft s Satya Nadella to head jury for E...Microsoft chief Satya Nadella to head jury for ET Awards for Corporate Excellence
ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
ET Awards for Corporate Excellence
(Nadella, who became only…)
Satya Nadella, the CEO of Microsoft Corporation, will head an 11-member jury to choose the winners of the 2014 edition of the ET Awards. Nadella, who became only the third leader of the software company in February, will head a panel whose members include some of India's top industrialists, bankers and lawyers.
They include the elder statesman of Indian business KV Kamath, who's chairman of ICICI Bank and lead independent director of Infosys. His fellow panelist Kumar Mangalam Birla, chairman of the Aditya Birla Group, has been a member of several past juries, as has Kamath.
Also on the panel, which will meet on Monday, September 29, are State Bank of India Chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya, the first woman to helm India's largest bank, and Dilip Shanghvi, MD of Sun Pharma, India's most valuable pharma firm. Harish Salve, widely regarded as India's top lawyer and the one man business leaders call when facing legal travails, will bring a valuable outsider's perspective to the deliberations. Keeping him company is Zia Mody, one of India's top corporate legal eagles and the founder of law firm AZB. Recognising the growing heft and profile of new economy firms, the 2014 jury has two representatives from this segment.
Sachin Bansal, the co-founder of Flipkart, India's largest online retailer, will be on the jury.
As will Uday Shankar, who heads one of India's largest media groups as the CEO of Star TV. Also on the jury is the head of one of India's fastest-growing firms in the modern retail space, Raj Jain, the CEO of Bharti Retail, and Ravi Dhariwal, the CEO of Bennett, Coleman & Co Ltd, the owner of the Times of India and the Economic Times. This star-studded jury will weigh the relative merits of the various nominees in each category and decide who wins India's most prestigious business awards.
Standard Chartered Bank is the presenting sponsor for ET Awards for Corporate Excellence .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shares rise on hot Alibaba IPO  sterling up after Scotland voteShares rise on hot Alibaba IPO  sterling up after Scotland vote
5 takeaways from Xi s India visit | PM talks tough on Chinese incursions | CoverageFive big takeaways from Xi Jinping’s visit to India
Sep 19, 2014, 07.05AM IST
Tags:
(The most significant one…)
By Dr Srikanth Kondapalli
China's President Xi Jinping's visit to India this week will go down the history in five major aspects. Firstly, there were many unprecedented departures from the past in these interactions. Prime Minister Narendra Modi receiving Xi at Ahmadabad signifies the onset of regional diplomacy in India. Possibly for the first time, agreements were signed at the regional (Gujarat state) level on sister cities, sister states and development related issues. This has been the trend recently after Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh and other states pushed the envelope of diplomacy by engaging — in the economic field — with others.
Yesterday's agreement further legitimizes this process of regional state's outreach. Also, resembling the California meeting between Presidents Xi and Obama in June 2013 that yielded a "new type of major power relations" for the two, the interactions in Ahmadabad were conducted in a very informal manner with possibly very few formal issues coming up on the agenda.
Unlike his predecessors Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao, Xi and his wife Peng Liyuan have shown remarkable flexibility and were at ease during the Sabarmati River side events. It is said that both Jiang and Hu were very stiff during their interactions not only with domestic actors but with foreign leaders as well. Hu is also known never to have publicly interacted with children. In contrast was a recent photo of Xi meeting his mother on her birthday. During the Sabarmati trip, Xi displayed flexibility by squatting at the Mahatma's floor, trying his hand at charkha, sitting along with Peng on a jhoola, etc.
Secondly, China and India interactions indicated the tough bargaining at Hyderabad House and both Modi and Xi expressed strong opinions on economic, territorial dispute and other issues. While China was the first to reach out to Modi after his elections — reflected in Premier Li Keqiang's phone call in May, foreign minister Wang Yi's visit in June and the BRICS interaction on July 14 — China's diplomatic initiatives faced a challenge as Maritime Silk Road was not endorsed; Bangladesh-India-China Myanmar Economic corridor was conditionally accepted provided it ensures "peaceful, stable and cooperative environment". India also did not receive $100-300 billion from China in investments.
Thirdly, China finally opened up its money bags to India, although just a trickle at $20 billion in investments in the next five years. While for the last four years Indian leaders have been complaining about the burgeoning trade deficits (with which India lost $169 billion in trade deficits to China between 2007 and 2013) and non-opening of China's economy to Indian products, etc, the agreements suggest to some breakthrough, although we need to monitor the progress.
  Fourthly, Indian leaders stood their ground on the territorial dispute, visas, river waters and the like. Modi stated in his media interaction to the conditional normalisation of relations with China thus: "a climate of mutual trust and confidence; respect for each other's sensitivities and concerns; and, peace and stability in our relations and along our borders are essential for us to realise the enormous potential in our relations". In the light of the increasing border transgressions at Chumar and other areas, this signalling from India is significant.
Most significant of all the above, however, is the emerging personal chemistry between the two leaders of two rising Asian countries. The Ahmadabad outing and discussion at Delhi between Modi and Xi are useful and are of long-term significance and will have a definite bearing on the stability in relations in years to come. As two credible nuclear powers, these personal interactions are necessary. This is important for the long-term economic development of both the countries.
The personal rapport and chemistry that developed in this Modi-guided tour at Ahmadabad should be reflected in certain intangibles in the bilateral relations for at least the next five to ten years of Modi-Xi tenures.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will spend over $100 million on supply chain...Will spend over $100 million on supply chain this year: Rohit Bansal, Snapdeal
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Rohit Bansal
("E-commerce-focused fulfilment…)
Online marketplace Snapdeal has become one of the largest clients for ecommerce logistics companies in India. The Delhi-based company, unlike rivals Flipkart and Amazon, outsources its entire logistics.
Snapdeal's co-founder and chief operating officer, Rohit Bansal , 31, talks about what will happen next in India's ecommerce logistics. Edited Excerpts:
What more needs to be done in ecommerce logistics?
Supply chain is the backbone of ecommerce, as important probably as network coverage for mobile companies. First is sheer capacity. There is also need for a lot of processes and specialisation in supply chain.
Ecommerce-focused fulfilment startups have come into the picture, but we feel the level of specialisation in ecommerce logistics needs to further increase. Each of the parts of supply chain, like warehousing, is going to be big. In last mile too more specialisation will emerge, like companies focused on a region or a type of fulfilment.
What are the kind of innovations you forsee?
I think the next level of innovation will be based on the nature of products sold online. Not everything is fulfilled the same way. Ecommerce started with very small products, but now the spectrum is wider.
The way a refrigerator is fulfilled versus the way a pen drive or a mobile phone or a piece of jewellery or a crockery set is fulfilled are very different from each other. This will lead to a lot of innovation in packaging and in fulfilling. It will be on these tracks that ecommerce logistics companies will start getting differentiated over a period of time.
In terms of transport of goods, with air capacity a concern, what more needs to be done?
That's another very important part. Our concern is that the size of the ecommerce business in the country is probably going to outrun the flight capacity available right now. A few things will happen as a result. One is probably more dedicated air cargo companies will get added. Second, is the increased use of rail and road transport for fulfillment.
What about India Post as a solution?
We are piloting with them. They are now seeing ecommerce as a big opportunity. They have started selling stamps online with us. Obviously, given the size of the network, there are obvious complexities involved. If they make it work, it will really enable the growth as no one else has or can in the foreseeable future.
How much are you spending on logistics?
We had earlier mentioned that we would end up spending Rs 450 crore in supply chain this year. But, with the kind of sales happening, we may well end up spending somewhere between $100-125 million (Rs 600-760 crore) in supply chain.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Federal rate hike likely by April 2015You are here: Home > Collections
US Federal rate hike likely by April 2015?
Bloomberg Sep 19, 2014, 01.37AM IST
Tags:
interest rate
(According to the data, there…)
While the US Fed has maintained its stance to keep interest rates near-zero level for a "considerable time", the data compiled by Bloomberg on probability of interest rate hike, reflects that the benchmark interest rates may increase by 1% within the next one year.
According to the data, there may be a 78% chance that the rates might go higher to as much as 1% in September 2015. In the five upcoming Fed meetings, rate hike probability starts increasing around April 2015, where investors believe there is 32.80% chance of a 0.25%-rate hike.
Thus, investors perceive April to be the month when the Fed will dial back its accommodative monetary policy. Similarly, probability seen at end of December 2015 shows there is 93% chance of rates touching 1.5%. Expectations by the end of next calendar year are quite near to the Fed's median estimate for the federal fund rate which meeting has been placed at 1.375% versus 1.125% seen in June.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India proposes currency swap lines to limit global volatilityIndia proposes currency swap lines to limit volatility in emerging market currencies
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 07.15AM IST
Tags:
Arvind Mayaram
(Arvind Mayaram says the…)
CAIRNS, AUSTRALIA: India has proposed currency swap lines as a defence against excessive volatility in emerging market currencies because of the uncertain global environment and urged the G20 to consider the idea.
In his intervention at the G20 deputies meeting, finance secretary Arvind Mayaram suggested that the International Monetary Fund could explore the idea, adding that currency volatility could undermine the goal of higher global growth. "Are swap lines a solution? Let us get the IMF to analyse whether it is so," Mayaram said.
The IMF can be asked to look at the cost of the swap and compare it to the benefits, he said, pointing out that the actual swap facility may not be used at all.
India had worked out a $50 billion currency swap facility with Japan after the rupee depreciated sharply in August last year. Through a swap, a country can boost its dollar or other hard currency reserves if it faces speculative pressure on its currency.
"There is a possibility that the swap facility may never be used as it is more of a confidence-building measure rather than actual ammunition," Mayaram said. "The benefits to the global financial system could potentially be large as it would reduce the amount of self-insurance that countries need to do. At the same time, if the swap facilities do get used, the benefits would include a reduction in the negative shock to EM and global GDP."
The G20 is a grouping of countries representing more than 85% of the global economy.
"The uncertainty and volatility in external environment is worrisome and needs the attention of the G20. As the US Fed withdraws from unconventional monetary policy, there will be an overhang on asset prices in the Emerging Markets and therefore, volatility in the currency markets," he said.
The decision on the exit from the quantitative easing programme that came in after the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting on Thursday had an impact on the currency markets of many emerging market economies, Mayaram said, backing his suggestion.
"While countries would have to take actions commensurate with the space available to them, as the International Monetary Fund has themselves have noted, macro prudential policies would be ineffective during downswings and in many of the countries, the asset repricing would result in pressure on their currencies, leading to a spiral of tightening and derailing of all well-laid growth strategy road maps," he said.
He said the G20 can play a greater role in this respect. "The strength of G20 lies in taking international collaborative actions and not limiting to the individual country growth strategies. This concern was also raised by Mexico," he said.
  The finance secretary said policies pursued by emerging market economies to bring growth back have been effective and expressed the hope that India would return to 7% plus growth within two to three years. In India, the government announced a slew of policy reforms and the Budget reflected this in full measure. After witnessing sub-5% growth for two financial years, India's economic expansion rebounded to 5.7% in Q1 this year.
"Business confidence is back and even though still tentative, growth in industrial sector, specially manufacturing, is showing an uptick. We are confident that by pursuing growthinducing policies, government would contribute fully to going back to a +7% growth within two to three years. To that extent, India stands committed to the incremental 2% growth in the global GDP," he said. Australia, the current chair of the G20, is hopeful of the finance ministers meeting here endorsing a framework for lifting global growth by 2%, an OECD-prepared mechanism to address tax avoidance and new rules to deal with shadow banking.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pre-market: Nifty seen opening higher; may reclaim 8150 levelsGEPL Capital
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Friday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets . Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to head toward its crucial psychological level of 8150 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 12 points higher at 8139 indicating positive opening on the domestic market.
Nifty maintained its uptrend throughout the session on Thursday to conclude the day with a significant gain of 139 points at 8114, while Sensex closed 480 points higher at 27112.21.
Nifty managed to respect the level of 7920 as a support and registered an impressive bounce back erasing the losses of past couple of sessions.
It also moved past the resistance of 8050 and now trades near the next major resistance range of 8120 - 8130, say analysts.
"It is important for the index to clear the resistance of 8130 for this momentum to remain intact. In such a scenario a retest of 8180 and beyond that 8229 may be possible upside targets in coming days," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"Now the range of 8045 to 8000 has turned into immediate term support, below that 7920 continues to remain as a key support for the index. Medium term support and trend reversal level remains at 7820 for Nifty," added the report.
Overnight, US stocks rose, a day after the U.S. Federal Reserve kept intact its pledge to keep interest rates low, providing a backstop for investors that helped lift both the Dow and S&P to record highs.
"The climb to repeated record highs has coincided with steadily improving economic data, while the Fed's support has allowed investors to shrug off occasional weak numbers, like the August payrolls report," Reuters reported.
"The Fed said Wednesday at the conclusion of a two-day policy meeting it would keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," language supportive of equities which some had expected to be dropped from the statement," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 109.14 points, or 0.64 per cent, to 17,265.99, the S&P 500 added 9.79 points, or 0.49 per cent, to 2,011.36, and the Nasdaq Composite gained 31.24 points, or 0.68 per cent, to 4,593.43.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.2 per cent higher at 16,260 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.50 per cent higher at 24,292.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.70 per cent lower at 2,062 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.17 per cent higher at 2,318.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Panel to review National Pension System investment normsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

After BJP loses Assembly bypolls  Narendra Modi hits out at detractorsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

UP bypolls: Setback for Bharatiya Janata Party  shot in the arm for SPE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

ONGC plans big with small Daman fieldsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

MH370 Pilot Committed Suicide & Killed Everyone Else On BoardMH370: 'Pilot Zaharie Shah Committed Suicide & Killed Everyone Else On Malaysia Airlines Flight'
Huffington Post UK
reddit
An aviation expert who has been researching the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 says it is likely the pilot committed suicide.
Ewan Wilson, a New Zealand-based air accident investigator and the founder of Kiwi Airlines, believes captain Zaharie Shah was mentally ill and that his actions ultimately resulted in the deaths of all those on board.
Furthermore Wilson, a veteran commercial pilot himself, alleges five previous incidents of “murder/suicide” in the aviation industry over the past three decades.
Ewan Wilson believes MH370 Zaharie Shah is likely to have committed suicide
Wilson, whose book Good Night Malaysian 370: The Truth Behind The Loss Of Flight 370, was released in July, is in Birmingham to meet with aviation experts to discuss his findings and “have a candid chat about mental health screening for pilots in the airline industry.”
“We have shown why hijacking by a passenger or accidental depressurisation are highly unlikely scenarios.
Alleged incidents of murder/ suicide in commercial flights
Mozambican Flight TM 470 from Mozambique to Luanda in 2013
Egyptian Air Flight 990 from New York to Cairo in 1999
SilkAir Flight 185 from Indonesia to Singapore in 1997
A Royal Air Maroc flight bound for Casablanca in 1994 and
A Japanese domestic flight 350 in 1982
“By process of elimination, this leaves pilot suicide as the only other serious option in our analysis of what occurred on March 8.
“Our research indicates there have been five previous incidents of murder/suicide in commercial flights over the last three decades or so, accounting for 422 lives.
“The sad addition of MH370 would bring that number to 661.”
Wilson’s book, which was co-authored by investigative journalist Geoff Taylor, surmises passengers aboard the doomed jet died of oxygen starvation before Shah deliberately ditched the plane in the Indian Ocean.
A photo of Zaharie Shah (top right) and co-pilot Fariq Abdul Hamid (top left) atop a poster appealing for the missing plane to 'please come back'
The authors say the most likely scenario is that Shah deliberately depressurised the cabin, thereby depriving those on board of oxygen and causing them to lose consciousness for up to four hours before the Boeing 777 disappeared beneath the waves.
Although oxygen masks would have dropped down automatically from above the seats, the available supply was limited to just 20 minutes.
Those unable to grab a mask, including sleeping passengers, would have passed out within the space of a few minutes.
SEE ALSO:
Missing Malaysia Flight MH370 And Pitbull Song Lyrics Share An Uncanny Connection, According To Conspiracy Theorists
The entire 'ghost plane', including her cabin crew whose air supply is only marginally longer, would have slipped into a coma and died shortly after from hypoxia.
Shah, who locked his co-pilot out of the cockpit, survived long enough - either by re-pressurising the aircraft, or from breathing his own, more extensive air supply - to evade radar and "execute his master plan", the pair conclude.
They say he then performed a controlled ditching in the sea, which would explain why no debris has been found because the plane landed and sank in one piece.
Feng Zhishang cries as family members mark the birthday of his son Feng Dong, a passenger onboard the Malaysia Airlines flight MH370
An earlier report from the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) also concluded that passengers may have died from hypoxia , and Malaysian authorities have previously named Shah as their prime suspect.
While Wilson stressed incidents of suicide flights are “highly unusual experiences”, he called for “more proactive tests for mental health screening”
He added: “This isn’t a witch hunt. Pilots should be encouraged to have mechanisms to feel free to say if they have got pressure in their lives and need some assessment.”
If you've been affected by the issues in this article, please call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90.
Six months on, this is what we know for sure about the fate of MH370
The pilots' final conversation showed nothing 'abnormal'
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Malaysian authorities released transcripts of the crew's final exchange with air traffic control, saying it showed nothing irregular. The last words were : "Good night, Malaysian 370."
The plane changed direction - but we don't know why
Getty Images
Investigators say they believe the plane turned south after its final radar contact and flew over the southern Indian Ocean, where it is believed to have crashed.
No trace of the plane has been found
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Despite an exhaustive air and sea search, no trace of the plane has yet been found, due to the size of the area and the depth of the ocean being searched. The search thought it had detected 'pings' from the plane's black box but these may have been from another source and the area they came from was later ruled out as the plane's final resting place.
If human action brought the plane down, the pilot is a suspect
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Pilot Zaharie Ahmad Shah (pictured top right next to co-pilot Fariq Abdul Hamid) had no social plans or engagements after March 8, the day the plane vanished. Shah also programmed flights far into the southern Indian Ocean - the plane's most likely resting place - on the flight simulator at his home. The rest of the crew all passed security checks, it was reported .
The search will take a long time
ASSOCIATED PRESS
Within weeks of MH370 disappearing, authorities warned the search could take "years". The initial sea and air search has been called off but oceanographers are mapping the ocean floor in preparation for a one-year search that will begin late this month to find the wreckage.
More:

Sardar Patel wouldnt have let J&K split: Amit ShahEYE BROWSE
'Sardar Patel wouldn’t have let J&K split'
The BJP president said the country remained united courtesy of Sardar Patel’s determination and his ability to understand people.
Mail Today –  Thu 18 Sep, 2014
Print
SRINAGAR: KASHMIR would have remained intact and Article 370 of the Constitution not existed if Sardar Vallabbhai Patel had handled the sensitive issue instead of Jawaharlal Nehru, BJP president Amit Shah said on Wednesday.
That the country remained united courtesy of Sardar Patel’s determination and his ability to understand people has to be always kept in mind, he added.
"... even today a big part of Kashmir is under Pakistan. I don’t have any hesitation in telling you that if the Kashmir issue was also given to Sardar Patel instead of Jawaharlal Nehru... part of Kashmir would not have gone under Pakistan; Article 370 also wouldn’t have been there and it would have remained as any other territory of India," he said after laying the foundation stone for the statue of Patel and a martyrs’ memorial at Gorta village in Karnataka’s Bidar district.
Under Part XXI of the Constitution, Jammu and Kashmir has been accorded special status under Article 370.
Though the BJP in its Lok Sabha manifesto said that it is in favour of abrogation of Article 370, it has maintained that the issue will be discussed with all stakeholders before a decision is made.
Shah extolled the noble principles observed by the first home minister of the country.
"No one from his (Patel) family is into politics. In spite of him being in public life for long, no one knows about his family. This is what makes Patel different. Despite being a known barrister in Gujarat, his bank balance was only Rs 150 at the time of his death. He lived a very simple life," the BJP chief said.
Later, Shah downplayed the poor performance of the BJP in the recently concluded byelections in different states and expressed confidence that it would perform well in the Assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana.
"I am optimistic about the party’s future prospects. The BJP will emerge victorious in Assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana. The party workers need not worry over the results of the by-elections. … if you have observed, we have won in Assam and West Bengal. Our detractors have noticed our performance, as we have won for the first time in those two states," Shah said.
Without referring directly to the bypoll results, the BJP said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi trusted the party cadre.
"We should not analyse the results of the by-elections or assume it as a trend. We need to work harder and strengthen the hands of Modi ji," he added.
Shah said that the BJP has a long term vision for the country.
"It is time that we have the BJP in power in all states. Free Karnataka from the clutches of the Congress to place the state on the development path," Shah told BJP supporters.
Reproduced From Mail Today.Copyright 2014. MTNPL. All rights reserved.
Recommend

S&P 500 hits record high after Fed updateS&P 500 hits record high after Fed update
Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09cb2c2e-3ee3-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Clarify stand on gas pricing: SC to govtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

We ll expand here and abroad across product lines  segments: Ravi KannanWe'll expand here and abroad across product lines, segments: Ravi Kannan
Aditi Divekar | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 10:47 PM IST
With the logistics segment taking grip in India, Snowman, the country’s largest cold storage warehousing chain and newly listed, has a big plan to expand within and outside the country. Ravi Kannan, chief executive officer, talks to Aditi Divekar on this and to improve their margins. Edited excerpts:
You have expansion plans for FY15 where you are increasing capacity to 90,000 pallets from about 61,000 at present. Where do you see your company in the next five years?
As part of our bigger plan, we are looking to enter Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Vietnam and Indonesia. Work on this front has started. Our in-house research shows these countries do not have very great warehousing facilities and with partners like Mitsubishi Corp, it is easy to enter these geographies. By the end of FY16, we will look at expansion in these regions.
What will be your strategy for the global market?
As these markets are similar to India, we will initially look at organic growth. We are still working on what will be the investment in these markets but our research hints at a cost close to what we have in India. This is Rs 55,000 for every pallet (a piece of equipment that facilitates mechanical handling of stacked goods), unless some local governments give tax benefits.
Your current business has Mumbai as its largest contributor in volume revenue. Don’t you think you need to spread evenly across?
Overall, we are strongest in the western region but it is not a conscious effort. We always go where there is strong consumption as well as a sourcing point and the western region has it. We see this pattern in the southern region now and so are expanding capacity at Chennai to 10,000 pallets by March. The consumption and sourcing point is main for us and, so, the unequal distribution of business is not a concern.
What are your plans for the India market? How do you plan increase your margins?
Apart from entering or spreading in newer regions within India, we are also looking at enhancing product lines and adding new segments, all by FY16. Today, we are serving the northeast via our warehouses in Kolkata but as volumes are rising, it is becoming very difficult for us to reach these places from there. The northeast has good opportunity for dairy and poultry products. We will expand there. Uttar Pradesh and Bihar also have a huge gap and, so, we’ll spread there as well. Among new products, pharmaceutical and industrial products, along with value-added services and small processing services, are the segments we plan to broaden.
What is the margin enhancement these new product lines will bring you?
Our pharma products contribute 10-12 per cent to the total revenue. We plan to double this by FY16, since our new warehouses are already well equipped to handle these products. In the value-added segment, which we started only six months earlier, its contribution is three per cent in a year’s time, we will look at least at 10 per cent. We have already made the needed investment to expand these revenue streams and, so, the asset cost is going to remain fixed. We will be only sweating the assets now and this will help us expand our margins from 25 per cent at present. Also, our customer stickiness will help us. No additional investment will be made.

After Modi  Xi meeting  China pulls back troops from LadakhChinese troops, locked in a staring match with Indian forces in Ladakh, started withdrawing on Thursday after President Xi Jinping told PM Narendra Modi that he was “sad” tensions between the armies had “cast a shadow” on his visit.
 
After an eight-day standoff, the temperature on the Line of Actual Control (LAC) started coming down after Modi raised the topic with Xi at their meeting at Hyderabad House in Delhi and Xi made his somewhat unexpected remarks to the Indian leader.
Chinese President Xi Jinping receives ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan
Xi’s words are intriguing because in addition to being head of state and head of the Communist party, he also sits at the top of China’s 1.5-million strong army. As paramount leader, he should have full control on what his men are doing on the disputed LAC, raising questions about why the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) intruded just before his state visit.
Read: Defensive India needs to take firmer stand against hawkish China 
 
Xi is learnt to have told Modi late on Wednesday in Ahmedabad that he had “passed on the message” to the PLA that they should disengage, but when there was no action, the topic came up again at their closed door tete-a-tete in Delhi, sources said.
 
Modi is understood to have asked that the status quo ante on the LAC be restored and the sides move towards resuming the process of clarifying the exact position of the Line.
 
“At point 30R, the Chinese have withdrawn nearly 1 km, and at two other positions, they have gone so far back that they are not visible in the night,” said a government source, adding that Indian troops had also begun pulling back.
 
The standoff between the troops at three places in Chumar in eastern Ladakh started on September 10. Chinese civilians also occupied territory claimed by the Indians, at Demchok in another part of Ladakh.
The situation reached such a pass that some 600 Indian troops massed at three points in Chumar, facing off against 230 intruding Chinese forces. The Indian Army placed the XIV Corps, responsible for defence of the Ladakh sector, on alert after a brigadier-level border personnel meeting (BPM) called at the behest of the PLA at Spanggur Gap on Wednesday yielded no results despite the two sides negotiating for over eight hours and into the night.

Income Tax intimation: Dealing with it rightE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Maruti appoints new head of salesMaruti appoints new head of sales
US Senate approves plan to train  arm Syrian rebelsUS Senate approves plan to train  arm Syrian rebels
NYMEX-US crude steady on ample supply  strong dollar  demand concernsNYMEX-US crude steady on ample supply  strong dollar  demand concerns
Infosys forges ties with Microsoft  Hitachi ...You are here: Home > Collections > Infosys
Infosys announces new partnerships with Microsoft, Hitachi and Huawei
ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Hitachi
(Infosys has announced new…)
BANGALORE: Infosys has announced new partnerships with Microsoft, Hitachi Data Systems and Huawei to deepen its product offerings in new disruptive areas, including cloud and big data analytics, communication, infrastructure and data centre transformation segments.
The country's second largest software exporter, which is already is a systems integration partner of Microsoft, will now establish a global 'centre of excellence' for Microsoft Azure Machine Learning that will train over 1,000 engineers by the end of fiscal year 2015, it said in a statement on Thursday.
Infosys' partnership with HDS, a subsidiary of Japan's Hitachi, will offer enterprises infrastructure and data centre transformation solutions, and will also set up a centre of excellence for 'pay-per-use' solutions, the statement said.
The company's engagement with Huawei is to help the Chinese firm expand its solutions in cloud, big data and communication space.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scots vote in record numbers  await final ve...Scots vote in record numbers, await independence verdict
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 07.03AM IST
First partial results showed unionists won the Clackmannanshire region, with 54 per cent against 46 per cent of the vote.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
EDINBURGH: Scots agonized over the fate of their country on Friday after record numbers voted in a divisive independence referendum that could break apart the United Kingdom.
Scotland's verdict on the union should be clear around breakfast time on Friday, but a YouGov poll of 1,828 voters the organisation had previously polled indicated 54 per cent of Scots would back the union while 46 per cent would seek independence.
First partial results showed unionists won the Clackmannanshire region, which represents just under one per cent of the electorate, with 54 per cent against 46 per cent of the vote.
"It looks like the union will remain intact for the time being," YouGov research manager Laurence Janta-Lipinski told Reuters of the survey carried out on Thursday which was not an exit poll.
Sterling rose to a 2-week high against the US dollar in response. Banks in London manned trading desks through the night to track the result.
YouGov said it had picked up a "small but significant late swing" towards supporters of the 307-year union between Scotland and England on polling day, though it cautioned the survey was merely a snapshot.
The campaign for independence has galvanised this country of 5.3 million but also divided the passions of friends and families from the remote Scottish islands of the Atlantic to the tough city estates of Glasgow.
Breaking apart the United Kingdom has worried allies, investors and the entire British elite whose leaders rushed late in the campaign to check what opinion polls showed was a surge in support for independence.
Seeking to tap into a cocktail of historical rivalry, opposing political tastes and a perception that London has mismanaged Scotland, nationalists say Scots, not London, should rule Scotland to build a wealthier and fairer country.
Unionists say independence would usher in financial, economic and political uncertainty and diminish the UK's standing in the world. They have warned that Scotland would not keep the pound as part of a formal currency union.
Beyond the money and power, the referendum has provoked deep passions in Scotland, drawn in many voters who ignore traditional political campaigns and underscored what London politicians admit is a need for wider constitutional change.
Voters lined up at polling stations across Scotland to vote with 4.28 million voters, or 97 per cent of the electorate, registered to vote.
SCOTLAND'S FATE
They were asked to answer "Yes" or "No" to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?".
Electoral officials said the result will be announced around sunrise on Friday when all regional votes have been submitted. But partial results will give a strong indication after the count of cities such as Glasgow are declared around 0400 GMT.
Indications were that a record number of Scots, above 80 per cent, had cast a vote.
"There might be some issues with the weather but I'm still saying about breakfast time," Chief Counting Officer Mary Pitcaithly told Reuters.
With more than 486,000 voters, Scotland's largest city of Glasgow is crucial and is due to report around 0400 GMT. Edinburgh and Aberdeen, which with Glasgow make up nearly a quarter of the electorate, are also expected around that time.
Other key regions to watch are North and South Lanarkshire and Aberdeenshire, where Alex Salmond, the 59-year-old nationalist leader, cast his vote on Thursday.
Uniting to counter what was viewed as the biggest internal threat to the United Kingdom since Ireland broke away nearly a century ago, the British elite sought to convince Scots to back the union by promising more powers.
Page 1 of 2

Wild Ducks  Fundamentalists: New quirky desi...Companies get quirky with designations, IBM has 'Wild Ducks', MTS has 'Fundamentalists'
Prachi Verma, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 05.08AM IST
Tags:
advertising
(You have heard of happiness…)
NEW DELHI: Technology major IBM treasures its flock of 'wild ducks', while mobile service provider MTS has a complete team of 'fundamentalists'. No, these firms are not into ornithology or hardline politics. They have just coined some quirky names for some of their employees. IBM's wild ducks are those who come up with new and bold ideas, and MTS 'fundamentalists' make sure their colleagues take part in all the fun activities they organise.
Concepts like these are spawning a quirky talent lexicon across corporates in different industries. You have heard of happiness officers, belief officers, diversity managers, evangelists and even chief dreamers. Now, you have rainmakers, drivers, critics, icebreakers, residents, wild ducks, 'fun'damentalists, and so on. Talent pundits say that a quirky talent concept helps employees and companies stand out in a herd.
Take the case of IBM's wild ducks. "We understand that breakthrough ideas often sound strange when we heard for the first time. So, we embrace people who think differently, and ideas that are unfamiliar," said DP Singh, vice president, HR at IBM India/South Asia. "We nurture our wild ducks with a way of working that rewards diverse thinking, encouraging IBMers to constantly fuel innovation." Singh said IBM encourages its employees to share their bold ideas on its internal social platforms, which are evaluated and, based on their potential merit, implemented.
MTS has set up a cross-functional, self-volunteered team of 10 people called 'fundamentalists' to plan fun activities and ensure full participation in company events such as MTS day, sports day and other festivals. "Fundamentalist word comes from the word 'fun'. The main purpose of this group is to bring fun at work for employees," said Tarun Katyal, chief human resources and administration officer at MTS India. "Fun element is very important for all organisations and employees to grow."
Explaining the rationale behind the quirky designations, Harish Bijoor, a brand expert and CEO of Harish Bijoor Consults, said, "As the corporate sector is getting younger in terms of workforce, the definition of job roles and designations are changing drastically. Pompousness is out, the workforce wants to adopt realistic designation." The CEO of an advertising company is called 'slave driver', he said. "This reality in the designations and job roles first started in the IT companies. Then, ecommerce companies caught this up. Now, most of the brickand-mortar companies are also redefining the roles and designations," Bijoor said.
Satellite direct-to-home television service provider Dish TV, for example, has coined terms such as 'drivers', 'critics', 'detached' and 'residents' for its employees. Drivers are highly motivated and satisfied, spread positive energy around and work hard to achieve the company's targets. Critics are motivated but their satisfaction level is low; they want to see company's growth but are unhappy with the present state of affairs. Detached are low on both satisfaction and motivation, they have lost the hope that they can contribute to the business or they can grow in the present environment.
Residents are satisfied but low on motivation to help bring changes. "These terms are easy to understand and it is easier for the company to relate to the employees' mindset," said Ashutosh Mishra, HR vice-president at Dish TV. "The entire purpose (of using these terms) is to intervene at an individual level. Take, for instance, the detached. They are low on satisfaction and are always on the lookout for new jobs. Here, the company can intervene with a job redesign or job relocation/rotation," he said.
Talent analytics company Jombay, which uses unconventional designations such as 'ice-breaker', calls its sales team members 'rainmakers' and psychologists 'masterminds'.
  The term rainmaker, coined by Jombay's founder and chief operating officer Suruchi Wagh, is supposed to encourage its sales team to do unconventional things. "It is also a reminder of the company's mantra: we buy our customer's problems as against selling them our product," said Pranali Dhaware, North India rainmaker for Jombay. "Our customers are very attracted to these terms and this helps us to engage in conversations."
Mohit Gundecha, CEO and cofounder of Jombay, said, "We are on a mission to create a highly valuable product company out of India.
This needs my business team to win new business and new accounts from avenues which literally didn't exist. Their approach needs to be unconventional and consultative. They can't just be conventional sales people. Hence, we got them a title and self-belief to be rainmakers." Jombay has five rainmakers who have come from diverse backgrounds like performing arts, management, entrepreneurs, engineers from India and overseas.
Navneet Virk, senior vice-president (creative) at RK Swamy BBDO, warned that such quirky designations make sense only if they are aligned with the company's philosophy and culture. "Ideally, designations should help the employees to inspire," she said. "Title is only a beginning and the rest depends on how the roles are defined. Title reminds you of what your role is and what you ought to deliver."
FEATURED ARTICLES

India proposes currency swap lines to limit volatility in emerging market currenciesIndia proposes currency swap lines to limit volatility in emerging market currencies
Deepshikha Sikarwar, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 07.15AM IST
Tags:
Arvind Mayaram
(Arvind Mayaram says the…)
CAIRNS, AUSTRALIA: India has proposed currency swap lines as a defence against excessive volatility in emerging market currencies because of the uncertain global environment and urged the G20 to consider the idea.
In his intervention at the G20 deputies meeting, finance secretary Arvind Mayaram suggested that the International Monetary Fund could explore the idea, adding that currency volatility could undermine the goal of higher global growth. "Are swap lines a solution? Let us get the IMF to analyse whether it is so," Mayaram said.
The IMF can be asked to look at the cost of the swap and compare it to the benefits, he said, pointing out that the actual swap facility may not be used at all.
India had worked out a $50 billion currency swap facility with Japan after the rupee depreciated sharply in August last year. Through a swap, a country can boost its dollar or other hard currency reserves if it faces speculative pressure on its currency.
"There is a possibility that the swap facility may never be used as it is more of a confidence-building measure rather than actual ammunition," Mayaram said. "The benefits to the global financial system could potentially be large as it would reduce the amount of self-insurance that countries need to do. At the same time, if the swap facilities do get used, the benefits would include a reduction in the negative shock to EM and global GDP."
The G20 is a grouping of countries representing more than 85% of the global economy.
"The uncertainty and volatility in external environment is worrisome and needs the attention of the G20. As the US Fed withdraws from unconventional monetary policy, there will be an overhang on asset prices in the Emerging Markets and therefore, volatility in the currency markets," he said.
The decision on the exit from the quantitative easing programme that came in after the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting on Thursday had an impact on the currency markets of many emerging market economies, Mayaram said, backing his suggestion.
"While countries would have to take actions commensurate with the space available to them, as the International Monetary Fund has themselves have noted, macro prudential policies would be ineffective during downswings and in many of the countries, the asset repricing would result in pressure on their currencies, leading to a spiral of tightening and derailing of all well-laid growth strategy road maps," he said.
He said the G20 can play a greater role in this respect. "The strength of G20 lies in taking international collaborative actions and not limiting to the individual country growth strategies. This concern was also raised by Mexico," he said.
  The finance secretary said policies pursued by emerging market economies to bring growth back have been effective and expressed the hope that India would return to 7% plus growth within two to three years. In India, the government announced a slew of policy reforms and the Budget reflected this in full measure. After witnessing sub-5% growth for two financial years, India's economic expansion rebounded to 5.7% in Q1 this year.
"Business confidence is back and even though still tentative, growth in industrial sector, specially manufacturing, is showing an uptick. We are confident that by pursuing growthinducing policies, government would contribute fully to going back to a +7% growth within two to three years. To that extent, India stands committed to the incremental 2% growth in the global GDP," he said. Australia, the current chair of the G20, is hopeful of the finance ministers meeting here endorsing a framework for lifting global growth by 2%, an OECD-prepared mechanism to address tax avoidance and new rules to deal with shadow banking.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Praj back on growth track with ethanol biz revivalYou are here: Home > Collections
Praj Industries back on growth track with ethanol business revival, Ganga project and margin play
ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 01.53AM IST
Tags:
CAGR
(“We have already put the…)
Once regarded as a high-growth potential company in a sunrise industry, ethanol plant maker Praj Industries ran into trouble when the global demand for ethanol dried up, post the global economic crisis. The company, once worth over Rs 3,000 crore, steadily lost value and dropped below Rs 600 crore by August last year. Nevertheless, its efforts to diversify into areas such as waste water treatment and biotech products started to pay off in FY14, helping it gain 50% market value in the past one year.
"We have already put the wheels of transformation into motion by realigning businesses to launch the company on the growth track. The strategy involves external and internal levers," said Pramod Chaudhari, executive chairman , in his address to investors. "Externally, Praj will realign business model, business mix and geographical diversity. It will optimise project and services mix in its revenues, and at the same time, scale up revenues from emerging businesses. It will enhance exports through greater geographical penetration, including that of emerging businesses."
From its traditional business of building ethanol-producing plants, the company moved to water and waste water treatment, critical process equipment and systems and high purity systems. For FY14, these emerging businesses contributed 28% to the company's consolidated revenues, from just 8% in FY13.
Although markets remain subdued at present, the company remains hopeful of a revival of its traditional ethanol business globally. "In South-East Asia, Indonesia is considering a mandate for ethanol blending. In Vietnam, the E5 policy will be implemented in seven provinces this year and nationwide by 2015. The EU Energy Council has recommended 7% blending of first generation biofuels and 0.5% blending of advanced biofuels, which include second generation ethanol. The EU parliament will conclude on it by October 2014," said Gajanan Nabar, managing director of Praj Industries. "However, a lot of action on the ground is getting delayed due to a variety of reasons."
The company carried an order backlog of Rs 730 crore at the end of June 2014, which is equivalent to nearly 9 months of sales. Till the new orders start coming up, the company has started actively seeking upgradation and retrofitting orders.
Similarly, with the government expected to move decisively on the Ganga cleaning project, it expects to win orders in water treatment space. Besides, it's setting up a first of its kind second generation ethanol plant for a client to commission by December 2015.
In spite of its difficult phase, the company remains debt-free and cash-rich with a dividend-paying track record of 12 continuous years. Its consolidated revenues grew at a cumulative annualised growth rate ( CAGR ) of 14%, although its net profit stagnated, indicating a pressure on margins.
The company is trading at 19.5 times its earnings for the past 12 months. Growth in its margins will play a key role in boosting its valuations from here on.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scottish referendum: first results put No vote aheadUpdated: September 20, 2014 01:17 IST
Scots vote to stay in a united kingdom
Parvathi Menon
Tweet
People who voted against the Scottish independence referendum celebrate an early result at a 'No' campaign event at a hotel in Glasgow, Scotland, on Friday. Photo: AP
People who voted against the Scottish independence referendum celebrate an early result at a 'No' campaign event at a hotel in Glasgow, Scotland, on Friday. Photo: AP
An official checks ballot papers as counting continues in the Scottish Independence Referendum at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh, Scotland on Friday. Photo: AP
TOPICS
referendum and plebiscite
The margin of the ‘No’ camp’s victory has surprised both sides
With Scotland’s decisive rejection of the Independence option in the landmark referendum held on Thursday, the political focus in both Edinburgh and Westminster has shifted to the question of ‘devo max’ (maximum devolution) and the specifics of the devolution package that the leaders of the three main parties of the United Kingdom promised on the eve of the referendum.
The victory of the ‘No’ campaign, led by the two Labour leaders — the former Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Labour’s Alistair Darling – was anticipated by opinion polls. It is the extent of the ‘No’ camp’s victory, however, that has come as a surprise to both sides. The sound and fury of the last two weeks, dominated by the ‘Yes’ campaign, had sent politics and markets into a churn.
An unprecedented turnout of 84.59 per cent led the ‘Yes’ camp, which had in the last few weeks of the campaign mobilised a large number of voters to register, to believe that the new voters would vote their way. The results proved the opposite: the majority were simply not convinced of the merits of going it alone.
The ‘No’ campaign received 2.1 million votes or 55.3 per cent of the total votes cast; the ‘Yes’ side trailed with 1.8 million or 44.7 per cent of the votes.
The ‘Yes’ campaign, in fact, won only in four of 32 councils — the former Labour stronghold of Glasgow (53.49 per cent), Dundee City (57.35 percent), North Lanarkshire (51.07 per cent) and West Dunbartonshire (53.96 per cent).
First Minister Alex Salmond, the able political leader of the ‘Yes’ campaign, was magnanimous in defeat, thanking voters for pledging their support for his campaign, and called on the three main U.K. parties to “live up” to their promises of devolution. “I accept the verdict of the people and I call on all of Scotland to follow suit,” he said. “It is important to say that our referendum was an agreed and consented process and Scotland has by a majority decided not at this stage to become an independent country.”
He repeated his charge against Westminster of “scaremongering” and claimed that the “mass movement” created by the ‘Yes’ campaign had terrified the government. The max devo package has yet to be spelt out, and initial statements by Prime Minister David Cameron suggest that it has already created divisions.

Early count points to record turnout in UK for Scotland voteprint
Pro-Union supporters celebrate as Scottish referendum polling results are announced at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh. (AFP Photo)
Scotland has decisively rejected independence by winning more than half of the votes polled, concluding an intensely-fought campaign that threatened to tear asunder the 307-year-old United Kingdom.
With 31 out of the country's 32 council areas having declared results, the margin of victory was about 55% to 45%. Glasgow, Scotland's largest council area and the third largest city in Britain, voted in favour of independence, while capital Edinburgh, rejected it.
As many people across the country heaved a collective sigh of relief, the implications of the rejection were beginning to come to the fore: Westminster will have to deliver the promises of more powers to Scotland in the near future, made during the closing stages of the campaign.
“I accept the verdict of the people. We now face the consequences of the decision. Scotland will now expect the vows made by unionist parties to give more powers to be delivered,” said Alex Salmond, Scotland first minister and leader of the Yes campaign.
 
The verdict is expected to lead to a more federal United Kingdom, with more powers to Wales, Northern Ireland and England, along the lines of those to be handed over to Scotland.
Former prime minister Gordon Brown emerged as the main figure in the 'No' campaign with at least three passionate speeches towards the closing stages of the campaign, reviving his flagging political career.
 
Prime Minister David Cameron said he had congratulated Alistair Darling, leader of the Better Together campaign, while Nicola Sturgeon, one of the top Yes campaign leaders, expressed her ‘deep personal and political disappointment’.
Highlights: Scotland Votes
The turnout for Scotland's historic independence referendum could be the highest ever in the United Kingdom, for a vote on the future of the centuries-old union.
Some ballot boxes were brought by helicopter and others by boat from remote islands to be counted after polls closed, agency reports said.
The closure of the airport on the Isle of Lewis due to fog meant ballot boxes would have to make the slower journey by fishing boat.
 
The question for voters at Scotland's more than 5,000 polling stations was "Should Scotland be an independent country?" and they were asked to mark either "Yes" or "No".
  
A palace spokesperson told Sky news Queen Elizabeth II was following events from her family home Balmoral Castle in rural Scotland and is expected to comment later on Friday.
She is "kept abreast of information... from her team of advisers in London and Edinburgh," the spokesperson said.
The 'nay' sayers: Pro-union supporters celebrate in Glasgow as polling results are announced. (AFP Photo)
British prime minister Cameron had promised greater powers for Scotland's parliament in a last-minute bid to convince voters to stay in the union, prompting politicians in his Conservative party to call for the same treatment for England.
'Ripped out of the UK'
Many people in the rest of the United Kingdom were concerned about the prospect of Scottish independence, which would sever a deep bond and cut the UK's surface area by a third.
A lot of the debate was focussed on the economy, what currency an independent Scotland would use and whether it could be a member of the European Union.
Scotland's parliament, opened in 1999, holds some powers devolved from Westminster to set policy in certain areas of domestic policy, such as health and education.
For many voters, this was not enough.
"I voted 'Yes' because I decided Scotland should be governed by itself," said university administrator Sarah Rowell, 36, in Edinburgh.
A pro-independence observer watches as ballot cards are counted at the Royal Highland Centre counting hall in Edinburgh after ballot counting got underway in the referendum on Scottish independence. (AFP Photo)

Asian Shares Edge Higher After Wall Street CheerAsian Shares Edge Higher After Wall Street Cheer
Key anti-infectives among 43 new drugs under price controlKey anti-infectives among 43 new drugs under price control
Old National Bancorp to Present at the 2014 INVEST Indiana Equity ConferenceOld National Bancorp to Present at the 2014 INVEST Indiana Equity Conference
Aplab: Outcome of AGMSep 18, 2014, 09.33 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Aplab: Outcome of AGM
Aplab has informed that the 49th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on August 07, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Aplab: Outcome of AGM
Aplab has informed that the 49th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on August 07, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Aplab Ltd has informed BSE that the 49th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on August 07, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Entry diary of CBI director s residence: Bhushan not to reveal name of source in SCEntry diary of CBI director's residence: Bhushan not to reveal name of source in SC
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 12:49 AM IST
 
The Centre for Public Interest Litigation (CPIL), which was directed by the Supreme Court on Monday to disclose the name of the whistle-blower who gave it the file notings and entry register at Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Director Ranjit Sinha’s official residence, has decided not to reveal the identity of the source.
It will ask the Bench headed by Justice H L Dattu not to insist on the demand to name the person. The decision was taken by the organisation’s governing body unanimously. It said the information relating to the 2G spectrum scam was received in confidence and trust by CPIL’s counsel Prashant Bhushan from a source who did not wish that his identity be revealed. That trust reposed in CPIL’s counsel ought not to be breached.
CPIL also stated that several informants and activists have had to lose their lives for complaining against corruption. Satyendra Dube, S Manjunath, Amit Jethwa and Shehla Masood were killed for exposing corruption after their identity became public. Several others and their families have had to face harassment of all kind. Therefore, the CPIL cannot tell its counsel to disclose the source and, thus, expose the source to great risk, especially considering the seriousness of the issue and the entities involved.
CPIL claimed it continuously receives important information and documents from a large number of sources who wish to keep their identity secret. Any disclosure of identity in one case is likely to deter sources in other cases. Therefore, the identity of the source can be revealed only if the person concerned agrees in writing to such a disclosure. “The role of the court in a PIL, unlike private litigation or suit, are non-adversarial where the role of the court is to ascertain the truth and to devise remedies for doing justice and upholding public interest. A strict application of the forms of proceedings and rules regarding verification, as may be applicable to individual grievances, have been found to be quite inappropriate for consideration of issues in public interest. The court has, therefore, often entertained even letters as PILs, entertained news reports as evidence and taken up several cases suo motu based on news reports. The court has often appointed inquiry commissioners, amicus curiae, fact-finding committee to assist the court in various important PILs.”
CPIL also pointed that in the past, like the hawala case where Jain dairies were placed, Radia tape case and even in the 2G case, court has taken cognisance of the facts and has ordered investigation, without insisting on the source of the documents. Revealing the identity of the source would, therefore, set a bad precedent and would make several PILs impossible to conduct, which would not be in public interest or in the interest of justice, and would set the clock back on 30 years of jurisprudence.
The decision will affect Friday’s hearing in the coal block allocation scam case before the bench of Chief Justice R M Lodha where CBI has accused Bhushan of theft and forgery. CBI has asked for the disclosure of the whistle-blower and criminal cases against Bhushan.

International manufacturing show draws thousands to...0
Doug Oberhelman, chief executive of Peoria-based Caterpillar, which makes mining equipment, said in a call with investors in July that capital expenditure figures have fallen the past two to three years. During the first half of this year, Caterpillar reduced capital expenditures to $710 million, about half the amount the company spent during the year-earlier period.
Brian Papke, president of machinery-maker Mazak, said that while some of his customers have held back from purchasing new equipment, he doesn't expect that trend to continue. One indicator he looks at, he said, is the rate at which companies use their equipment. Historically, he said, when that figure reaches 80 percent, companies buy equipment. That figure is in the high 70s and is inching upward, he said.
Overall, Papke expects sales to be slightly up this year from last year and he is looking forward to "a little more growth next year." Papke said he is selling machinery to companies in industries that are doing well, such as aerospace, automotive, energy and oil. He said he expects growth of the oil and gas industry, buoyed by hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, to accelerate.
"If we look at what's happening in the world and all that instability, it only gives us further reason to be energy-independent, and that's going to stimulate that industry even more," Papke said.
Michael Pappas, president of New Jersey-based Catbridge Machinery, said new products that he sees at the show give him ideas. His company makes machines that print, laminate and coat paper.
Before the show, Pappas had been talking to a Mazak salesman about vertical milling machines and flew to Chicago to close the deal. Once at the Mazak booth, the salesman persuaded him to get a second machine, and they began discussing the possibility of Pappas ordering a third one. In total, he had spent about $600,000.
"We come to the show to formulate our strategy for the next two years," Pappas said.

Foreign investment into China slumpsForeign investment into China slumps
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/86808f42-3d7c-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SEBI chief hints at guidelines to check wilful defaultersNEW DELHI, September 17, 2014
Updated: September 17, 2014 23:40 IST
SEBI chief hints at guidelines to check wilful defaulters
Yuthika Bhargava
The Hindu U. K. Sinha, Chairman, Securities and Exchange Board of India, a CII summit in New Delhi on Wednesday. Photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
banking
To come out with a discussion paper on FPOs
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), on Wednesday, said it was working on guidelines to deal with wilful defaulters.
“We are working on the guidelines for wilful defaulters. It will take some time,” SEBI Chairman U. K. Sinha said at a conference organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
This gains importance in the light of United Bank of India, earlier this month, declaring Kingfisher Airlines, its promoter Vijay Mallya, and three other directors as wilful defaulters citing alleged diversion of funds. The government is also, in the meanwhile, planning to come out with a separate bill in Parliament to deal with instances of wilful defaults in payment of bank loans.
The SEBI chief said work had been started with regard to annual information memorandum for listed companies, and it was going to be mandatory. This would ensure greater transparency and easier regulatory oversight, he added.
The market regulator would also come out with a discussion paper on reducing the timeline for follow-on public offers (FPO), Mr. Sinha said. The proposal for a discussion paper comes at a time when many public sector companies are gearing up for stake sale as part of government’s disinvestment programme.
“We have received representations that FPO timeline should be reduced. We are still examining (the issue), and we will come out with a discussion paper for public at large. It will take some time,” he said. FPO and offer for sale (OFS) are seen as preferred routes for selling stakes in public sector companies. In the current fiscal, the government aims to garner more than Rs.43,425 crore through disinvestment.
Mr. Sinha, however, said that there was no proposal to change SEBI norms for FPOs with respect to retail investors’ quota.
“If you are asking whether SEBI rules are going to be changed for FPOs, there is nothing on the plate as of now,” he added.
To a query on the implementation of IFRS norms, Mr. Sinha said the government and regulators were working to ensure that they were implemented within the proposed time-frame.

Sino-India border issues can be solved through talks only  says Dalai LamaDalai Lama also said good Sino-Indian relations based on mutual trust will benefit not just Asia but the whole world.(Source: Express Photo by Swati Chandra)
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:15 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 3:23 pm
Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama on Thursday linked India’s border issues with China to “Tibetan problem” and said a solution can come only through talks and not by force.
The comments came on a day when Chinese President XiJinping held bilateral talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi even as Chinese and Indian armies are in a standoff at Chumarvillage, located more than 300 kms Northeast of Leh and bordering Himachal Pradesh, along the Line of Actual Control.
Stressing that Tibetan issue was also India’s problem, Dalai Lama said Xi is “more realistic and open minded” and should learn from India when its comes to harmony between people from various regions.
“Actually Tibetan problem is also India’s problem. Before 1950, you see that the whole northern border was peaceful. No single soldier. So Tibetan problem is India’s problem,” he said.
He further added that “sooner or later”, one has to solve these problems. “Not by force but by understanding and talks. Understanding comes through talks.”
Noting that India and China are the most populated nations, he said difference is that India is the most populated democratic country and very stable.
“You see there is East India, South India, West India, North India, different language, different scripts but very harmonious,” Dalai Lama said.
He said India has more open minded people and an approach which is more realistic. Xi can indeed learn “some experiences” from India on this front, he said.
“I think the difference in Xi Jinping’s thinking is that he is more realistic, more open minded. So he can learn more things from India,” the Tibetan spiritual guru said, adding, Sino-India relations should be based on mutual trust which is very essential.
Dalai Lama also said good Sino-Indian relations based on mutual trust will benefit not just Asia but the whole world.
“Sino-Indian relations (build) on the basis of mutual trust are very important. Not only the whole of Asia, but the entire world can benefit from their (good) relations. Harmony can be brought by trust and not fear. “I have faith in the new leadership. He (Xi) is open-minded and his way of working is quite realistic,” the 79-year-old Buddhist monk said while addressing a gathering here to mark the 108th Foundation Day of Indian Merchants’ Chamber and its ladies’ wing.
He said Xi should take lessons from “strong” Indian democratic practices and the “one-ness” in diversity.
“India is a vast country with a huge population. Different parts of the country speak different languages, yet there is a sense of one-ness among Indians. Democracy is practised strongly in the country and there is a continued…

Convey Assams concern to China over construction of dams on Brahmaputra: Gogoi to ModiPrint
Gogoi is concerned about the construction of a series of dams by China that would adversely impact downstream flows. (Source: PTI)
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 18, 2014 6:00 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 6:04 pm
A day after Chinese president Xi Jinping arrived in India in his first-ever tour of India, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Thursday requested Prime Minister Narendra Modi to take up the issue of construction of dams on the Brahmaputra river by China with the visiting dignitary.
Gogoi, in a letter to PM Modi, said there have been serious concerns about the construction of a series of dams by China on the Brahmaputra that would adversely impact downstream flows, official sources said.
“It is feared that construction of the dams is likely to trigger fresh concerns on how the flows of the Brahmaputra downstream will be impacted. It would be most appropriate to convey India’s concerns to the visiting Chinese President,” Gogoi, in his letter to the prime minister said. The Assam government has been all along raising the issue at the highest level, he added.
The 2880-km Brahmaputra originates in Tibet, flows about 1650 kms in China, 918 kms in India and 337 kms in Bangladesh before emptying itself into the Bay of Bengal. While China’s 510-mw Zangmu dam on the Tsangpo – as the Brahmaputra is known in that country – is scheduled to be commissioned in 2015, there have been fears that the river’s water would get diverted, leaving little for India.
Chief minister Gogoi also told the prime minister that he hoped that the Chinese President’s visit would help deepen trade ties and boost Chinese investment in India, particularly in Assam and other Northeast states.
“As the visiting Chinese President is expected to pledge billions of dollars in investment, including plans for Chinese-funded industrial parks, we hope to get a fair share of it in infrastructure and other sectors in Assam,” Gogoi said.

Cipla licenses rights for innovative product to SalixSep 18, 2014, 07.18 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Cipla licenses rights for innovative product to Salix
"Under the agreement, Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights under certain patent applications in the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patent family controlled by Cipla," the company said in a statement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cipla licenses rights for innovative product to Salix
"Under the agreement, Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights under certain patent applications in the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patent family controlled by Cipla," the company said in a statement.
Post your opinion here
 
Drug major Cipla  today granted a license to US-based Salix Pharmaceuticals Inc giving exclusive rights for certain patent applications of its 'Rifaximin Complexes', currently under drug development stage.
"Under the agreement, Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights under certain patent applications in the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patent family controlled by Cipla," the company said in a statement. The grant is on a worldwide basis, excluding the countries of Asia (other than Japan) and Africa, it added.
Commenting on the development, Cipla USA and Canada CEO Timothy Crew said: "We are delighted to be partnering with Salix Pharmaceuticals and to expand on our existing license to Salix to introduce rights to the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patent applications."
Salix is required to make an up-front payment and, upon achievement, additional regulatory milestone payments to Cipla in respect of the new license agreement, Cipla said without sharing details.
"Salix also will pay a royalty on net sales of products covered by the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patents licensed to Salix," it added.
"This deal signifies our ongoing commitment to provide access to innovative treatments to patients worldwide," Cipla MD & Global CEO Subhanu Saxena said.
Generally, Rifaximin is used as an antibiotic. Last year the company had announced the expansion of its existing collaboration with Meda by granting global commercialisation rights for a proprietary combination nasal spray product (fluticasone and azelastine) Dymista, Cipla said.
Cipla stock price
On November 21, 2014, Cipla closed at Rs 627.10, up Rs 8.50, or 1.37 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 671.95 and the 52-week low was Rs 366.70.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 15.02 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 41.75. The latest book value of the company is Rs 125.69 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.99.
RELATED NEWS

J&K High Court seeks details of relief funds utilised by Omar govtThe funds and relief material were coming to the administration from various places, but these were not reaching the victims: Claimed the litigants. (Source: Shuaib Masoodi)
Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: September 18, 2014 8:02 pm
The Jammu & Kashmir High Court on Thursday sought details of funds and other material so far utilised by Omar Abdullah government for relief and rehabilitation of the victims of recent flood fury in the state.
Issuing notice to the state and others, a division bench comprising Justice Virinder Singh and Justice D S Thakur sought by Tuesday a report from the Divisional Commissioner, Jammu, listing details of the funds and other material so far utilised by the administration for relief and rehabilitation of victims of the natural calamity. It also asked him to come up with plans about utilization of funds and relief material being received by it for flood victims.
This followed a public interest litigation filed by two practicing lawyers, Ajay Bakshi and T R Wani, alleging disbursement of relief to the victims of natural calamity at a slow pace across Jammu region. Their counsels, Sachin Dogra and A P Singh, drew court’s attention towards non-disbursement of any relief to victims in many parts of Jammu region especially those in hilly areas of Reasi and Rajouri districts. The funds and relief material were coming to the administration from various places, but these were not reaching the victims, they added.
Pointing out that both the rescue operations and relief measures shall go simultaneously, they said that people at various places were starving as the administration had not supplied them any ration so far. This was violative of Article 21 of the Indian Constitution, the counsels pointed out, adding that the administration instead of reaching out to the people was asking them to approach it with requisite documentary details for getting the relief. They sought court’s direction to the administration for fair and equitable distribution of relief material to victims of natural calamity across the region.
Meanwhile, Jammu Bar Association also joined the issue asking the state government to ensure fair and equitable distribution of relief material and funds received from Central government, different states, organizations, NGOs and individuals.
The Bar Association president and senior advocate, Mohinder Bhardwaj, asked the general public to approach them in case any injustice is done or relief denied to any flood victim. The Bar Association will provide free legal aid to flood victims, he added.
He also appealed to the medicos and para medical staff of the state government to provide free medical aid in flood hit areas until the normalization of situation there. The teachers shall also provide free education to children affected by floods and if needed, even take their extra classes, he said and asked the Education Department officials to prepared a list of flood hit students and distribute among them school uniforms and study material at the earliest.

Sushma Swaraj to inaugurate Nalanda University tomorrowSwaraj and other dignitaries will plant trees at the site after which the inaugural function would be held.
Press Trust of India | Patna | Posted: September 18, 2014 9:03 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 9:06 pm
The ancient Nalanda University, which had attracted students from the world over, will be formally inaugurated tomorrow in its modern ‘avatar’ by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj.
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi will also be present at the inaugural function to be held at Rajgir, around 100 km southeast of Patna.
Classes have already begun at the under-construction residential international university, located around 12 km away from the ruins of the ancient university, on September 1 by way of a soft launch and without any ceremony.
According to the programme schedule, Swaraj and other dignitaries will plant trees at the site after which the inaugural function would be held.
The Union government has sanctioned Rs 2,700 crore for the university, the idea of which was proposed by former President APJ Abdul Kalam while addressing a joint session of Bihar Assembly and Legislative Council in 2006.
The university will have seven schools for postgraduate and doctorate students by its scheduled completion in 2020. Only two of them, the School of Ecology andEnvironmental Studies, and the School of Historical studies – are currently functioning with 15 students and 11 teachers.
Vice-chancellor Gopa Sabharwal said, “The present 15were selected from over a thousand students from various countries, who had applied for the seven schools. While one of the students is from Japan, another is from Bhutan. More students will be joining in the coming days and months.”
The ancient university began during the Gupta period in 6th century AD and came to an end after being destroyed in 1193 AD by the invading army of Turkish ruler Qutbuddin Aibak led by his general Bakhtiyar Khilji. After Kalam mooted NU, the Singapore government proposed revival of the ancient University having international character, but suitable to the modern times.
Former Chief Minister Nitish Kumar also showed a keen interest in it and the work on the concept began soon after. The NU came into existence by a special Act passed by the Parliament – The Nalanda University Act.
Several countries are pitching in with funds for the university with China contributing 1 million dollars, besides Singapore (5 million dollars), Thailand (1,00,000 dollars) and Australia (1 million Australian dollars).

Besides liquidity  markets will take cues from growth: Abhay LaijawalaBesides liquidity, markets will take cues from growth: Abhay Laijawala
Puneet Wadhwa | New Delhi Sep 18, 2014 10:48 PM IST
 
With the US Federal Reserve suggesting there was “considerable time” before a rate increase, the markets saw a relief rally on Thursday. Abhay Laijawala, managing director and head of research at Deutsche Equities India, tells Puneet Wadhwa he expects investors differentiating between emerging markets, in terms of markets that will better weather the US Fed’s exit from its quantitative easing (QE) programme. India, he says, will stand out, given the significant improvement in external vulnerability indicators. Edited excerpts:
What do you think of the outcome of the meeting of the US Fed’s Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC)? When is the US Fed likely to raise rates?
Relative to areas on which the Street was generally concerned, we see the FOMC’s statement of “considerable time” as an indication the Fed will be on a hold mode. And, it has said the economy is expanding at a moderate pace and labour market conditions improving somewhat. At the same time, it has added there is significant underutilisation of labour resources. So, broadly, the policy is status quo, with some degree of hawkishness, though only at the margin.
What explains the mixed reactions across Asian markets?
Hong Kong could have been weak due to China-related factors. We have generally seen Chinese markets being soft. Following the Fed meeting, we have seen yields on US 10-year bonds rise a tad. Before the policy announcement, these were at 2.59 per cent and closed marginally higher at 2.61 per cent, indicating the reaction of bond markets was muted.
Also, the dollar showed some signs of strengthening, rising to 1.28 against the euro. The movement might also be a consequence of fear over what happens in Scotland on Thursday. I am surprised no one in India is giving much cognisance to the Scottish referendum, which could be an event of global macro risks, in case Scotland opts for independence.
We have seen Europe consider QE measures, even as the US prepares to wind down its bond purchase programme. What are the implications of this for the global economy and markets?
We are seeing very interesting trends. The US is withdrawing from QE, but given the weakness and continuing deflation-related concerns in Europe, prospects of an ECB (European Central Bank) QE remain high. But more than QE and its implications, we need to assess what is happening to global growth. Equity markets, apart from infusion of liquidity (Europe can potentially offset tighter liquidity conditions elsewhere), will take cues from what happens to global growth. As far as global growth is concerned, we remain very positive on the US, and remain at the margin on Europe. That is, we still expect growth in Europe this year at 0.8 per cent.
China’s central bank is said to be injecting 500 billion yuan ($81 billion) into the five biggest state-owned banks in that country. How should one interpret this?
China is only infusing liquidity into its banking system. This doesn’t change anything for India.
How will flows into emerging markets pan out through the next 6-12 months?
With the strengthening of the US economy, flows into emerging markets will probably be impacted. Through the next 6-12 months, we see investors differentiating between emerging markets, in terms of markets that will be able to weather the US Fed’s QE exit better. Therefore, investors will look out for macroeconomic fundamentals and the relative external vulnerabilities of the individual emerging markets.
Which emerging markets will be able to manage this better and which will be at risk?
We believe India will stand out as this trend plays out, given the significant improvements in the external vulnerability indicators — the current account deficit and the relative stability of the rupee. In addition, through the last two-three months, consensus GDP (gross domestic product) growth estimates for many emerging markets have been cut, but those for India have been scaled up. Recently, the OECD (Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development) released an assessment of global economic growth in which it slashed the growth forecasts of most economies, India being an exception.
How does India appear as an investment destination? Will foreign institutional investors be willing to put in more money?
Investors will primarily consider how the earnings cycle pans out. So, considering earnings expectations for FY15 and FY16, between 15-18 per cent consensus earnings, seen rising to about 20 per cent through the December quarter, we believe investors will continue to pump in money.
What are the other triggers for Indian markets?
The macro economy, as well as how the government moves towards big-bang reforms. At this point, we are watching developments unfold in New Delhi; investors are watching what the government is doing. The government is taking proactive measures to move things on the ground. But the markets will need to see action on reforms such as a rise in the FDI (foreign direct investment) cap in insurance, the rationalisation of fuel prices and other second-generation reforms such as constructive progress on GST (goods and services tax).
Do you think this has become a ‘sell-on-rise’ market rather than a buy-on-dips one?
We continue to have a very positive view of the markets. We have a December-end target of 28,000 on the BSE Sensex.
By when do you expect the Reserve Bank of India to alter its policy stance?
Looking at the projected inflation till the end of 2015, it appears there won’t be room to cut rates in a sustainable and credible manner for another year.
How do you see key macro variables such as the rupee and inflation pan out through the next 6-12 months?
We expect the rupee to be at 60-62 against the dollar. We believe India will embark on an East Asian model, under which the rupee will stay weaker for a long duration. While we don’t expect the rupee to depreciate, we don’t expect any significant appreciation, too.
How so valuations seem? What’s your market/portfolio strategy amid this backdrop?
The market is trading at 16 times the one-year forward earnings, which doesn’t appear stretched, given the support of 16-17 per cent earnings growth (compounded annual growth) over FY15-16.
In terms of our portfolio strategy, we like consumer discretionary, banks (private and select public sector ones) and oil & gas companies, particularly those that will benefit from subsidy rationalisation.
Does this factor in geopolitical risks?
The Scottish referendum will be out of the way soon. So, the locus of geopolitical risks will again shift to what happens in Iraq and how the US deals with the Islamic State. During the worst of the crisis, if oil prices stay range-bound around the $100/barrel mark, we see a reasonably low probability of these events leading to any major spurt in oil prices. That’s because demand estimates have been scaled down by the International Energy Association (IEA). At the beginning of the year, the IEA had pegged global demand at 1.3 million barrels a day, which was slashed to about 0.9 million barrels a day last week. Second, there are positive supply-related responses, including shale gas increase in the US.

M&M ties up with Snapdeal for pre-booking of...Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI/BANGALORE: After books, mobiles, sundry electronic items and clothes, now comes a car. E-commerce firm Snapdeal on Thursday started accepting prebookings for the new variant of Mahindra & Mahindra's (M&M) mainstay SUV Scorpio, making it the first time automobile bookings have debuted on a third-party electronic marketplace in India and marking another maturity milestone for the country's fledgling e-retail sector.
On Thursday evening, the homepage of Snapdeal, usually home to small-ticket merchandise such as shoes, perfumes and clothes, had the silhouette of M&M's new Scorpio utility vehicle against a dark backdrop along with the announcement that the website would take bookings for it. The Scorpio, M&M's most profitable vehicle that sells some 50,000 units annually, has for years been the lynchpin in M&M's utility vehicle portfolio but now faces threats from a raft of newer, competitively priced models from carmakers such as Ford, Renault and Nissan.
The new Scorpio, due to be unveiled on September 25, has been billed as M&M's attempt to cement its dominance in the category and its use of an online channel will be viewed as an endorsement of the potential of e-commerce sites to drive sales volumes. After prebooking the new Scorpio on Snapdeal by paying Rs 20,000, customers can go to a dealer to make the full payment and take delivery.
"This is a very exciting development," said Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak. "Companies like Mahindra and Tata are now experimenting with online and that is an encouraging sign."
Automakers have so far depended largely on their dealer networks to drive sales and the M&M-Snapdeal partnership is the first of its kind in the Indian automobile sector.
"It is a win-win deal for both. In the last couple of years, customer centricity is central to whatever we did and we have taken a series of initiatives around it. This is one more step in that direction," said Vijay Nakra , senior VP — sales and customer care, M&M's automotive division. M&M's two-wheeler division already has a relationship with Snapdeal.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Court asks pharma cos  Centreto resolve drug pricing issueNEW DELHI, September 19, 2014
Updated: September 19, 2014 00:16 IST
Court asks pharma cos, Centre to resolve drug pricing issue
medicine
The Delhi High Court, on Thursday, asked the pharmaceutical companies, including Novartis India and Cipla, to hold a meeting with the Union Government and try to resolve the issue of implementing the revised drug pricing.
A bench of Justice B D Ahmed and Justice Vibhu Bakhru said representatives of the pharma companies hold a meeting with the Director of the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA), the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers, to settle the matter ‘once and for ever’.
“You have meeting with the Director, NPPA, and come back in October. We expect the meeting shall take place and be concluded before the next date of hearing. You should try to resolve the issue once and forever. We are also tired of hearing it,” the court said.
The court has fixed the matter for hearing on October 30.
The court’s suggestion came while hearing a bunch of petitions moved by the pharmaceutical companies and an association of medicine manufacturing companies challenging the government’s new drug pricing order that asked them to slash prices of 348 medicines.
During the hearing, the pharma companies suggested that prominent boards of the revised drug prices could be displayed by retailers and chemists to inform the customers as calling back all the stocks and relabelling them was not feasible.
However, Additional Solicitor General Sanjay Jain was not in agreement with the proposal and suggested an alternative of shipping stickers of revised prices to retailers who can then affix the same on the drugs.
The pharma companies did not agree with the ASG’s suggestion and termed it as impractical.
As both the parties were not agreeing with each other’s suggestion, the court directed them to hold a meeting.
The firms have also challenged the provisions of the 2013 Drug Price Control Order (DPCO) of NPPA that had asked them to replace stocks in the market with those carrying reduced prices within 45 days of new price notification.
Besides Novartis, the Indian arm of Swiss firm Novartis AG, pharma firms Wockhardt, Lupin, Intas Pharmaceuticals, Alembic Pharma- ceuticals, Sandoz Private Limited and Chiron Behring Vaccines Private Limited had approached the court against the new drugs pricing order.
Earlier, Cipla and four other companies had moved the court against the 2013 DCPO. — PTI

Reliance Jio signs tower sharing pact with GTL Infra to speed up 4G rolloutReliance Jio signs tower sharing pact with GTL Infra to speed up 4G rollout
fe Bureau | Mumbai | Published:  Sep 19 2014, 01:53  IST
Sep 19 2014, 01:53  IST
 

Wont name whistleblower in CBI director Ranjit Sinhas case: NGOE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Ericsson to shut modem business  1 000 jobs to goE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Aditya and Parineeti s mouth-watering love storyParineeti Chopra's parents' 'daawat' for Aditya Roy Kapur
Glamsham - Fri 12 Sep, 2014 7:36 PM IST
Parineeti Chopra, who was born and brought up in Ambala before she became an actor, is going to return to her hometown for the first time after she became an actor. More »Parineeti Chopra's parents' 'daawat' for Aditya Roy Kapur
2
Parineeti Chopra comes to Aditya Roy Kapur's rescue!
Glamsham - Tue 8 Jul, 2014 7:22 PM IST
Aditya Roy Kapur and Parineeti Chopra, who would be romancing each other in Yash Raj Films DAAWAT-E-ISHQ. More »Parineeti Chopra comes to Aditya Roy Kapur's rescue!
3
Aditya Roy Kapur: After AASHIQUI 2 and YJHD, I now get the feel of belonging in Bollywood
Glamsham - Wed 10 Sep, 2014 7:43 PM IST
With AASHIQUI 2 super success Shraddha Kapoor went on signing spree and has as many as 4 5 films in her kitty. More »Aditya Roy Kapur: After AASHIQUI 2 and YJHD, I now get the feel of belonging in Bollywood
4
Rani takes keen interest in DAAWAT-E-ISHQ?
Glamsham - Wed 3 Sep, 2014 7:14 PM IST
Not just hubby Aditya Chopra, who is personally involved in the marketing of Aditya Roy Kapur and Parineeti Chopra More »Rani takes keen interest in DAAWAT-E-ISHQ?
5
Amitabh Bachchan grooves with 'handsome' Aditya Roy Kapur and 'effervescent' Parineeti Chopra!
Glamsham - Tue 5 Aug, 2014 7:49 PM IST
Megastar Amitabh Bachchan couldn't resist himself from shaking a leg with actors Aditya Roy Kapur and Parineeti Chopra More »Amitabh Bachchan grooves with 'handsome' Aditya Roy Kapur and 'effervescent' Parineeti Chopra!
Today on Yahoo

Facebook CEO Wants More Students to Explore TechAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Batting for PPP: Virendra MhaiskarE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Vote counting begins in Scotland onindependenceBallot boxes are opened as counting begins in the Scottish Independence Referendum for the Aberdeenshire Council area, Aberdeen, Scotland (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Edinburgh | Posted: September 19, 2014 5:31 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 9:27 am
The thrill of history in the making enveloped Scotland and spooked the rest of the United Kingdom after voters turned out with unprecedented enthusiasm for an independence referendum that could end the country’s 307-year union with England.
As the polls closed late Thursday and the vote counting began, many Scots settled in to stay up all night in homes and bars to watch the results .
A nationwide count began immediately at 32 regional centers across Scotland.
For some, it was a day they had dreamed of for decades. For others, the time had finally come to make up their minds about the future both for themselves and for the United Kingdom.
“Fifty years I fought for this,” said 83-year-old Isabelle Smith, a Yes supporter in Edinburgh’s maritime district of Newhaven, a former fishing port. “And we are going to win. I can feel it in my bones.”
At the Highland Hall outside Edinburgh, where the final result will be announced sometime after 0500GMT (1 a.m. EDT) Friday, vote-counters at dozens of tables sorted through paper ballots late Thursday, watched keenly by monitors from the Yes and No camps.
Eager voters had lined up outside some polling stations even before they opened at 7 a.m. Many polling stations were busy and turnout was expected to be high. More than 4.2 million people had registered to vote _ 97 percent of those eligible _ including residents as young as 16.
David Clarke, a writing consultant, said he was a No voter, but thought the referendum campaign had been “a fascinating, worthwhile discussion about Scotland’s future.”
A Yes vote would trigger 18 months of negotiations between Scottish leaders and London-based politicians on how the two countries would separate their institutions before Scotland’s planned Independence Day on March 24, 2016.
Many questions  the currency an independent Scotland would use, its status within the 28-nation European Union and NATO, the fate of Britain’s nuclear-armed submarines, based at a Scottish port remain uncertain or disputed after months of campaigning.
Yet for Smith, who went to the polling station decked out in a blue-and-white pro-independence shirt and rosette, statehood for Scotland was a dream nurtured during three decades living in the U.S. with her late husband.
“The one thing America has that the Scots don’t have is confidence,” said Smith, who returned to Scotland years ago. “But they’re getting it, they’re walking tall.”
“No matter what, Scotland will never, ever be the same again,” she declared.
The question on the ballot paper could not be simpler: “Should Scotland be an independent country?”
Yet it has divided Scots during months continued…

Europeans descended from 3 ancient populations  not 2: studyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Infosys forges ties with Microsoft  Hitachi  HuaweiInfosys forges ties with Microsoft  Hitachi  Huawei
HUL s blitz cashes in on bhelpuri wrapped in Pepsodent ads | Zooms in on smaller marketsYou are here: Home > Collections > Hul
HUL gets Mumbai vendors to wrap bhelpuri in leaflets featuring Pepsodent ad
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 07.10AM IST
Tags:
bhelpuri
(HUL has tied up with around…)
MUMBAI: When Vishal Thakkar bought four packets of bhelpuri from a roadside vendor in Mumbai late last month, they all came wrapped in similar green colour papers with children's drawings and messages about brushing teeth and fighting germs, bringing a smile to his face. Only when he found the same eye-catching design on the paper cone in his next 'chaat outing' did Thakkar realise it wasn't a coincidence.
It was part of a marketing campaign by Hindustan Unilever for its oral care brand Pepsodent. India's largest consumer products firm has tied up with around 48 bhelpuri walas across Mumbai, asking them to wrap their popular roadside snack in leaflets of Pepsodent's campaign about fighting germs and brushing twice a day.
"The idea was, 'how can we spread the oral care message to adults in a manner that is relevant for them?' Bhel is a popular evening snack and that is the time to tell adults to brush twice a day," said Atul Sinha, category head for oral care at HUL. Marketing experts say such initiatives create a bigger impact than promoting brands through paid media channels.
"At a very low cost, you get high recall and people talk about it. So the engagement quotient is high too," said Alpana Parida, president at brand strategy firm DY Works. She considers HUL's initiative as part of 'earned media', which means creating a buzz by virtue of your own action.This is not the first time HUL has come up with such an innovative idea to take its message directly to consumers.
A year ago, at the Kumbh Mela, it stamped 'Did you wash your hands with Lifebuoy?' message in Hindi onto millions of rotis in a campaign that was awarded the Grand Effie as well as Bronze Lion at Cannes earlier this year.
Last year, Coca-Cola came out with its 'Small World Machines' campaign that allowed consumers in a mall in New Delhi to interact with those in a mall in Lahore through high-tech Coca-Cola vending machines with 3D touchscreen, and it followed it up with a commercial with visuals of some of these interactions.
HUL started its Pepsodent campaign about brushing twice a day early last year. It teamed up with over 1.5 lakh kids across schools who expressed their creativity through paintings to promote the message. The leaflet distributed through bhelpuri walas carries one of these paintings.
Now, HUL plans to launch an advertisement based on the whole campaign, from tying up with schoolchildren to using the leaflets for wrapping bhelpuri. The company plans to launch this commercial digitally before airing it on television, hoping that it will go viral.
Hindustan Unilever has been trying to improve its share in the Rs 6,000-crore oral care market , which is dominated by Colgate with market share of 54.3%. HUL is a distant second with roughly 24% share. The sector is seeing increased competition and aggressive advertising spends, especially after the entry of Procter & Gamble.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Obama nominates Richard Verma as new US envoy to IndiaSep 19, 2014 at 07:16am IST
Obama nominates Richard Verma as new US envoy to India
12
0
Washington: President Barack Obama on Friday nominated Indian-American, Richard Rahul Verma, as the next US Ambassador to India, ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Washington later in September.
If confirmed by the US Senate, Verma, who earlier served as the Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs and is now in the private sector, would be the first Indian-American to serve as the top US diplomat in New Delhi.
Obama announced his nomination along with several other key administration appointments.
If confirmed by the US Senate, Verma, who earlier served as the Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs and is now in the private sector, would be the first Indian-American to serve as the top US diplomat in New Delhi.
#barack obama #us #india #richard verma
"I am grateful that these impressive individuals have chosen to dedicate their talents to serving the American people at this important time for our country. I look forward to working with them in the months and years ahead," Obama said in a statement.
The US Embassy in New Delhi is currently headed by a Charge d'affaires, Kathleen Stephens.
Verma, 45, said to be a close confidant of the President and also former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, currently serves as Senior Counselor at Steptoe & Johnson LLP and Albright Stonebridge Group.  He is also a Senior National Security Fellow at the Center for American Progress.
Previously, he was Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs at the Department of State from 2009 to 2011 and Partner at Steptoe and Johnson LLP from 2007 to 2009. He was Senior National Security Advisor, Counsel and Foreign Policy Advisor to the Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid from 2002 to 2007, and an Associate at Steptoe & Johnson from 1998 to 2002.
Verma served on active duty in the US Air Force from 1994 to 1998 and received, among other decorations, the Meritorious Service Medal and Air Force Commendation Medal. Earlier in his career, Verma was a Field Representative for the National Democratic Institute in Eastern Europe and worked in the House of Representatives for Congressman John P Murtha.
He served on the Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction, Proliferation and Terrorism in 2008 and has been a member of the Secretary of State's Foreign Affairs Policy Board.
Verma currently serves on the boards of Human Rights
First, the Clinton Foundation, and the National Democratic Institute. He received a BS from Lehigh University, a JD from American University, and an LLM from Georgetown University Law
Center.

Early count points to record turnout in Scotland voteEarly count points to record turnout in Scotland vote
China to invest $20bn in IndiaChina to invest $20bn in India
Le Waterina Resorts & Hotels: Outcome of board meetingSep 18, 2014, 09.33 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Le Waterina Resorts & Hotels: Outcome of board meeting
Le Waterina Resorts & Hotels at its meeting held on August 22, 2014, has approved the Reappointment of M/s. N. Balasubramaniam Associates as Auditors appointment of Shri Aditya Jalan as Independent Director. Appointment of Shri Parthiban Balasubramaniam as Independent Director.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Le Waterina Resorts & Hotels: Outcome of board meeting
Le Waterina Resorts & Hotels at its meeting held on August 22, 2014, has approved the Reappointment of M/s. N. Balasubramaniam Associates as Auditors appointment of Shri Aditya Jalan as Independent Director. Appointment of Shri Parthiban Balasubramaniam as Independent Director.
Post your opinion here
 
Le Waterina Resorts & Hotels Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on August 22, 2014, inter alia, has approved the following:1. Reappointment of M/s. N. Balasubramaniam Associates as Auditors.2. Appointment of Shri Aditya Jalan as Independent Director.3. Appointment of Shri Parthiban Balasubramaniam as Independent Director.4. Appointment of Shri Jaganath Jothi as Independent Director.5. To Borrow monies.7. To charge on the assets of the Company.8. To approve the Related party transaction.Source : BSE

Data scientist among the sexiest jobs of the...You are here: Home > Collections > Scientists
Data scientist among the sexiest jobs of the century
Jayadevan PK & Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 09.13AM IST
Tags:
data scientist
(Data scientists are a rare…)
NEW DELHI: The title has been around for less than a decade, but already 'data scientist' is considered to be among the sexiest jobs of the 21st century. In India it is no different.
Data scientists — the term was coined in 2008 by DJ Patil and Jeff Hammerbacher — are a rare species being chased by startups and big technology companies alike for their ability to make sense of large and complex set of information. As a result, their salaries have shot through the roof and poaching is rampant. Take the case of S Anand, the chief data scientist at Hyderabad-based data visualisation and analytics company Gramener, for instance.
He was recently wooed by an ecommerce major with an offer that was hard to refuse. Luckily for his cofounder Naveen Gaddu, he was too passionate about their 50-people startup to leave. "At least one-two of my people get pinged on Linkedin every day on an average. Thankfully, they choose to stay," said Gaddu, the chief operating officer at Gramener.
The sudden prominence for data scientists highlight how startups and established players now need to comb huge volumes of data for information that is key to the success of an idea or business. Salaries for chief data scientists with over 10 years of experience in mathematics and statistics are regularly touching the Rs 1 crore mark.
Mobile commerce player Paytm is hiring a team of eight data scientists in Canada, paying on an average $250,000 (Rs 1.5 crore) each. "The team will look at the large amount of data we have from different angles. For instance fraud detection, upselling and such," said Vijay Shekhar Sharma, founder of One97 Communication which owns Paytm. "If a person paid Rs 60-70 lakh is offered Rs 1.2 crore, then no one in the marketplace will touch him for a while," said Gattu, chief operating officer at Gramener. At least four senior industry professionals said Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon and Walmart were among the companies waving fat pay packets at top data scientists.
For ecommerce companies, data scientists who can help them make better sense of their customers needs have become a top priority. "Data is a large asset that is often not used to its full potential in most organisations. There is a huge amount of technology investments that we can make in this area," said Amod Malviya, the chief technology officer of Flipkart.
The online retailer generates terabytes of data every day and is now building a data science lab that can help them sell better.
"The big technology trend is to make systems intelligent and data is the raw material," said Malviya, who declined to share specific salaries being offered by Flipkart. A chief data scientist, with about 10-15 years of experience using mathematical and statistical tools, earns about Rs 50 lakh on average annually.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Check out: 6 trading stocks for short term gainOn CNBC-TV18's show Super Six, market gurus Vishal Malkan, Manas Jaiswal  and Hemen Kapadia share, place their bets on two stocks each, thus offering investors a variety of options to choose from. Investors can read into the
detailed analysis before agreeing to any or all the bets.
Vishal Malkan of malkansview.com
I have a buy call on Sun Pharmaceutical Industries . It is taking support at an important level of Rs 800 which is forming bullish candlestick pattern on daily chart as well as intraday charts. Hence I recommend a buy with a stoploss of Rs 790 for targets of Rs 840 and Rs 850.
I have a sell call on Reliance Infrastructure . After a downward break below Rs 680, this is forming resistance at the same levels on intraday chart. Momentum is already into bearish zone. Hence I recommend a sell with a stoploss of Rs 690 for targets of Rs 655 and Rs 640.
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com
Adani Power  has made a strong base near Rs 48 and yesterday it has broken its resistance of Rs 51.50 with higher volumes and it started making higher tops and higher bottoms on the daily chart. Therefore, we may see further recovery. It can test Rs 57 in next two-three trading sessions. One can buy the stock at current levels and keep a stoploss below Rs 51.
Unitech  was facing a lot of resistance for the last one month near Rs 25. It was trading in a range of Rs 25 and Rs 22 but yesterday it has broken that range upside with good volumes. Therefore, we may see further upmove. It can test Rs 29 in the next two-three trading sessions. One can buy it with a stoploss of Rs 24.50.
Hemen Kapadia of KR Choksey Securities
I have a buy call on Bank of India . The stock has reflected near term strength by giving a high volume recovery. The stock is quoting on the 55 day exponential moving average. Mechanical indicators on the intraday charts are supporting the move, have signaled a buy, indicating the stock’s intention to appreciate further from here. One can buy Bank of India at closing of around Rs 296 with a stoploss of Rs 293 and a target of Rs 302.
I have a buy call on ITC . The stock has given a mini breakout on the intraday charts. Mechanical indicators are supporting the move, have signaled a buy. The stock has taken support and bounced back from the 55 day exponential moving average, indicating its intention to appreciate further from here. One can buy ITC at its closing of around Rs 358 with a stoploss of Rs 355 and target of Rs 364.
RELATED NEWS

Scots vote in record numbers  await independence verdictSep 19, 2014, 11.45 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Scotland votes to stay as part of United Kingdom
A YouGov poll of 1,828 voters, the organisation had previously polled, indicated 54 percent of Scots would back the union while 46 percent would seek independence.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Scotland votes to stay as part of United Kingdom
A YouGov poll of 1,828 voters, the organisation had previously polled, indicated 54 percent of Scots would back the union while 46 percent would seek independence.
Post your opinion here
 
Voters in Scotland rejected independence from Britain in a referendum that had threatened to break up the 307-year union between them. Even the BBC had forecast a ‘No’ early Friday.
With 26 of 32 voting districts reporting, there were 1,397,077 votes, or 54.2 percent, against independence, and 1,176,952, or 45.7 percent, in favour.
A YouGov poll of 1,828 voters, the organisation had previously polled, indicated 54 percent of Scots would back the union while 46 percent would seek independence.
First partial results showed unionists won the Clackmannanshire region, which represents just under one percent of the electorate, with 54 percent against 46 percent of the vote.
"It looks like the union will remain intact for the time being," YouGov research manager Laurence Janta-Lipinski told Reuters of the survey carried out on Thursday which was not an exit poll.
Sterling rose to a 2-week high against the US dollar in response. Banks in London manned trading desks through the night to track the result.
YouGov said it had picked up a "small but significant late swing" towards supporters of the 307-year union between Scotland and England on polling day, though it cautioned the survey was merely a snapshot.
The campaign for independence has galvanised this country of 5.3 million but also divided the passions of friends and families from the remote Scottish islands of the Atlantic to the tough city estates of Glasgow.
Breaking apart the United Kingdom has worried allies, investors and the entire British elite whose leaders rushed late in the campaign to check what opinion polls showed was a surge in support for independence.
Seeking to tap into a cocktail of historical rivalry, opposing political tastes and a perception that London has mismanaged Scotland, nationalists say Scots, not London, should rule Scotland to build a wealthier and fairer country.
Unionists say independence would usher in financial, economic and political uncertainty and diminish the UK's standing in the world. They have warned that Scotland would not keep the pound as part of a formal currency union.
Beyond the money and power, the referendum has provoked deep passions in Scotland, drawn in many voters who ignore traditional political campaigns and underscored what London politicians admit is a need for wider constitutional change.
Voters lined up at polling stations across Scotland to vote with 4.28 million voters, or 97 percent of the electorate, registered to vote.
SCOTLAND'S FATE
They were asked to answer "Yes" or "No" to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?".
Electoral officials said the result will be announced around sunrise on Friday when all regional votes have been submitted. But partial results will give a strong indication after the count of cities such as Glasgow are declared around 0400 GMT.
Indications were that a record number of Scots, above 80 percent, had cast a vote.
"There might be some issues with the weather but I'm still saying about breakfast time," Chief Counting Officer Mary Pitcaithly told Reuters.
With more than 486,000 voters, Scotland's largest city of Glasgow is crucial and is due to report around 0400 GMT. Edinburgh and Aberdeen, which with Glasgow make up nearly a quarter of the electorate, are also expected around that time.
Other key regions to watch are North and South Lanarkshire and Aberdeenshire, where Alex Salmond, the 59-year-old nationalist leader, cast his vote on Thursday.
Uniting to counter what was viewed as the biggest internal threat to the United Kingdom since Ireland broke away nearly a century ago, the British elite sought to convince Scots to back the union by promising more powers.
British leaders accept that even if Scotland votes to keep the union, the United Kingdom's structure will have to change, as granting further powers to Scotland has provoked calls for a less centralised state from lawmakers in England.
Prime Minister David Cameron's job could be on the line if Scotland breaks away, but the 47-year-old prime minister has been largely absent from the campaign, leaving former Prime Minister Gordon Brown to lead the unionist battle cry.
Queen Elizabeth, who faces a possible division in her kingdom not seen since the days of her namesake Elizabeth I at the start of the 17th century, was at Balmoral, a granite palace in Scotland where she spends her summers.
Elizabeth, who under her constitutional role must stay politically neutral, told a well-wisher last Sunday that she hoped Scots would consider their choice carefully.
If Scots vote for independence, 18 months of negotiations would follow on how to carve up everything from North Sea oil and European Union membership to Britain's main nuclear submarine base, which is based on the Clyde.
The prospect of breaking up the world's sixth-largest economy and a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, has stoked concern in the United States and Europe.
The United States has made clear it wants the United Kingdom, it main ally in Europe, to remain together.
RELATED NEWS

Stocks in news: Tata Motors  GTL Infra  ICICI  Cipla  SPMLSep 19, 2014, 09.16 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Stocks in news: Tata Motors, GTL Infra, ICICI, Cipla, SPML
Tata Motors | Tata Chemicals | Tata Steel | Tata Power | Tech Mahindra | Bosch | GTL Infrastructure | SBI | Axis Bank | ICICI Bank | Manappuram Finance | United Spirits | Zee Entertainment | MCX India | SPML Infra | Cipla and Biocon are stocks, which are in the news today.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Stocks in news: Tata Motors, GTL Infra, ICICI, Cipla, SPML
Tata Motors | Tata Chemicals | Tata Steel | Tata Power | Tech Mahindra | Bosch | GTL Infrastructure | SBI | Axis Bank | ICICI Bank | Manappuram Finance | United Spirits | Zee Entertainment | MCX India | SPML Infra | Cipla and Biocon are stocks, which are in the news today.
Post your opinion here
Here are stocks that are in news today:
Moody's upgrades multiple ratings of Tata Group companies
Moody's     
-Upgrades rating of  Tata Motors to Ba2/Stable from Ba3/stable
-Upgrades rating of  Tata Chemicals to Ba1/Stable from Ba2/stable
-Upgrades rating of  Tata Steel to Ba2 from Ba3, remains on review for upgrade
-Upgrades Tata Steel UK Holdings' rating to B2 from B3
-Upgrades rating of  Tata Power to Ba3/Stable from B1/negative
Moody's says
-TCS local currency issuer rating affirmed at A3/stable
-JLR Automotive, Tata Chemicals North America ratings have not been affected
-Moody's upgrades company’s corporate family rating to Ba3/stable from B1/negative
-Moody's upgrades senior unsecured rating to Ba3/stable from B2/negative
-Silver Leaf Oak acquires 10 percent stake in Syngene International
-Deal with Silver Leaf Oak values Syngene at Rs 3,800 crore
Alert: Syngene International is Biocon's Research Services subsidiary
-Company, BRL will jointly hold 85.54 percent stake in Syngene International
-Signs MoU with China Development Bank
-Signs framework agreement with Export-Import Bank Of China
-ICICI Bank says agreement with Export-Import Bank Of China for USD 1 billion
 
-Licenses rights for innovative product
-Grants Salix Pharma rights to Rifaximin complex patents
-Cipla says rights to Salix Pharma exclude Asia and Africa
-RS Kalsi to head domestic marketing and sales
-RS Kalsi replaces Mayank Pareek as marketing and sales head
-To sell investments in hydro power and road assets
-Board approves raising up to Rs 100 crore via QIP
Johnson & Johnson India
-To set up new consumer product manufacturing facility in Telangana
-To invest about Rs 400 crore in phase 1 of Telangana unit
National Pharma Pricing Authority (NPPA) fixes ceiling prices of around 43 formulations
NPPA adds 43 more drugs under price control
NPPA says
-New market under price control has value of Rs 450 crore
-Total impact of price control on 43 drugs estimated to be 40 percent on total sales
-New additions are predominantly anti-infective, Gastroenterology vaccines
-Under anti-infective, major impact on Ciprofloxacin 500 and 250 MG
Alert:  Cipla sales per annum likely to be impacted by Rs 45-46 crore
Alert:  Ranbaxy sales per annum likely to be impacted by Rs 55 crore
Alert:  Cadila sales per annum likely to be impacted by Rs  20 crore
MCX-SX sources
-Mulling legal action versus BSE’s uncompetitive pricing measures
-FX derivatives market share has fallen to 14 percent from 39 percent in 1 year
Alert: BSE’s FX derivatives share has gone up to 26 percent from 2 percent
-Exchange charges around Rs 100-110 per crore of turnover on FX derivative
-Low pricing by BSE impacting current FX derivative volumes
BSE Sources
-Exchange charging above cost price, doing fair trade
-Market should get advantage of innovation and lower costs
-Tech big factor for exchange gaining high currency volumes
-BSE to charge Rs 2 per crore of turnover on their FX segment from December 2014
-BSE plans to increase transaction charges in phases to Rs 10 by October 2015
Supreme Court refuses to stay possible gas price hike
-Supreme Court to next hear gas pricing case on November 14
-Supreme Court observes government needs to clarify Ranga panel recommendations' implementation
-Government says decision on gas pricing by end of this month
 
CCI chief Ashok Chawla says regulatory architecture still evolving
-Issues cropping up among regulators expected to be settled in due course: CCI Chief
United Spirits  to be excluded from F&O Segment effective today
CNX changes w.e.f. today
- Zee Entertainment to replace United Spirits in CNX Nifty
- Mphasis , Zee Entertainment to be excluded from CNX Nifty Junior
- Aurobindo Pharma ,  Motherson Sumi Systems to be included in CNX Nifty Junior
-Mphasis, United Spirits to be excluded from CNX 100 Index
-Aurobindo Pharma, Motherson Sumi Systems to be included in CNX 100 Index
Corporate Action: Ex-dividend

The curious case of China s $100 bn investmentThe curious case of China s $100 bn investment
Reliance Jio  GTL Infra sign tower infrastructure sharing dealReliance Jio  GTL Infra sign tower infrastructure sharing deal
Chinese investment pledge  US Fed fuel rallyChinese investment pledge  US Fed fuel rally
Apple s iPhone 6 Plus includes chips from Qualcomm  SK Hynix: iFixitapple s iphone 6 plus includes chips from qualcomm  sk hynix: ifixit
Asian Shares Higher Before Scottish Vote ResultsAsian Shares Higher Before Scottish Vote Results
M&M to launch 3 new SUV platformsSave this video
Copy URL
Pawan Goenka, M&M said that three new SUV platforms will be launched next year by the company. He also said that M&M will take a call in 2 weeks on raising prices of products and sales is suffering as they don’t have a strong line up of compact SUVs.
203

Nearly 3 million Syrian children not in schoolPrint
Associated Press | Beirut | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:19 pm
Nearly three million Syrian children are not attending school due to the war raging in their country, an international charity group said on Thursday.
The report by the Britain-based Save the Children added that hundreds of thousands of displaced children are struggling to enroll for school in their host countries and in Syria.
The report spotlighted how Syria’s conflict, now entering its fourth year, is denying a decent education to a generation of children, with consequences that may last for generations.
Within Syria, the report estimated that 3,465 schools, or one-fifth of the country’s educational buildings, were either destroyed or damaged, or are being used for military purposes.
“It is absolutely shameful that the obligation to protect schools is not being respected in this conflict, endangering the lives of innocent children,” said the organization’s regional director, Roger Hearn.
Syria’s civil war has killed at least 190,000 people, according to the U.N. Nearly three million Syrians have fled the country.

Kashmir: Remains after the floodsEYE BROWSE
What remains: Kashmir after floods
The floods engulfed much of Kashmir two weeks ago, leaving hundreds of thousands of people homeless in the region.
Most hospitals have been inundated, their diagnostic equipment, CT scanners, operation theaters and ventilators destroyed.
The region has been left littered with garbage, debris and countless bloated cows, chickens and dogs floating in the floodwaters.
The stench of rotting flesh hangs heavy in the air.
Both the Indian and Pakistani sides of the disputed Himalayan region have seen extensive flooding and landslides this month with Srinagar particularly hard hit. Hundreds of people have been killed and tens of thousands are homeless. (Agencies)
A surgical glove floats in the flood waters along a street in Srinagar September 15, 2014. Indian emergency workers battled on Monday to prevent waterborne diseases from spreading, as fetid water ... more 
A surgical glove floats in the flood waters along a street in Srinagar September 15, 2014. Indian emergency workers battled on Monday to prevent waterborne diseases from spreading, as fetid water swilled around the Kashmir valley more than a week after the region's worst flooding in more than a century. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi (INDIAN-ADMINISTERED KASHMIR - Tags: DISASTER ENVIRONMENT) less 
1 / 30
Reuters | Photo by ADNAN ABIDI / REUTERS
Mon 15 Sep, 2014 10:52 PM IST

India s GDP to Rebound to Over 7% in 2-3 Years: MayaramE-Auction of Coal Blocks to Boost Investor Confidence: Report
Cairns, Australia: India is following economic growth inducing policies and is confident that the GDP will rebound to over 7 per cent in 2-3 years, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram said today while emphasising that business confidence is back.
Making an intervention during the G20 Deputies Meeting here, Mr Mayaram said the Indian Government announced a slew of policy reforms and Budget reflected this in full measure.
"From 4.7 per cent growth in the last fiscal, the Indian economy grew by 5.7 per cent in Q1 of the current financial year 2014-15. Business confidence is back and even though still tentative, growth in industrial sector, specially manufacturing, is showing an uptick.
"We are confident that by pursuing growth inducing policies, the Government would contribute fully to going back to a +7 per cent growth within two to three years," he said.
He further said the policies pursued by the Emerging Market Economies (EMEs) to bring growth back have been effective and India stands committed to the incremental 2 per cent growth in the global GDP.
Mr Mayaram, however, pointed out that while it would be imperative for the EMEs including India to continue the path of structural reforms, the uncertainty and volatility in external environment is worrisome and needs the attention of the G20.
"As the US Fed withdraws from unconventional monetary policy, there will be an overhang on asset prices in the Emerging Markets and therefore, volatility in the currency markets," he said.
The decision on the exit from the Quantitative Easing (QE) programme that came in after the US FOMC (Federal Open Market Committee) meeting yesterday had an impact on the currency markets of many of the emerging market economies.
"The strength of G20 lies in taking international collaborative actions and not limiting to the individual country growth strategies. This concern was also raised by Mexico," the Secretary said.
Mr Mayaram said the as discussions are taking place on domestic policies and actions, "we should also be discussing" G20 driven collaborative solutions which would reduce the impact of the possible near term repricing.
While countries would have to take actions commensurate with the space available to them, as IMF has themselves noted, macro prudential policies would be ineffective during downswings, he said.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 19:42 (IST)

Ikea is in no hurry to open stores in IndiaTerms
Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges . Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page . Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein.
Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ . Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI) . International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc .
Yahoo! - News Network

India Inc beats Chinese peers on valuation ratiosIndia Inc beats Chinese peers on valuation ratios
Krishna Kant & Dev Chatterjee | Mumbai Sep 18, 2014 10:49 PM IST
The Indian stock market is scaling new highs every week on expectation of faster economic growth but across the border, in China, faster growth has not translated to a stock market boom. In the past five years, the Shanghai SSE 180 index is up only 25 per cent against a cumulative 175 per cent rise in the BSE Sensex during the period. In the past 12 months, the Sensex has rallied by 35 per cent against flat movement in the SSE 180.
This has resulted in a huge gap in the valuation of top Indian and Chinese companies, across sectors. On average, SSE 180 companies are half as valued as their Indian peers. The Shanghai stock exchange benchmark index is valued at only 7.7 times the trailing 12-month earnings. The corresponding ratio for the Nifty 50, benchmark of the National Stock Exchange here, is 18.6 times the combined trailing earnings for its constituent companies.
Part of the explanation is the higher return on equity (RoE) for Indian companies. The weighted average RoE for Nifty 50 companies was around 15 per cent higher than the 10 per cent for SSE 180 companies last year. The analysis is based on the current market capitalisation and past 12-month earnings of the companies that are part of the Nifty 50 index and Shangahi SSE 180 index. It excludes eight Chinese companies whose latest 12-month finances were not available.
Most of the top Chinese companies are now trading at a fraction of the valuation enjoyed by their Indian counterparts. China’s largest automobile maker, SAIC Motor Corp, is trading at 7.3x its trailing 12-month net profit. In contrast Maruti Suzuki, this country's top car maker, is trading at 31.6x; Tata Motors is trading at 13x its trailing 12-month earnings. SAIC is currently valued at a little over $32 billion, less than a third of its past 12-month revenues of $98 billion. Maruti Suzuki is valued nearly twice its revenues, despite SAIC's higher RoE (19.1 per cent versus Maruti's 14.1 per cent).
China’s largest lender, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC), is trading at 5.7x its trailing earnings. In comparison, State Bank of India is valued at 13.6x its trailing earnings. HDFC Bank, this country’s most highly valued one, is trading at 23.4x its trailing 12-month earnings. Chinese banks are, however, more profitable than Indian counterparts, with average RoE of 20 per cent against 15 per cent here.
China’s top fast moving consumer goods company, Kweichow Moutai Co, is valued at only 12 times its trailing earning, a fraction of the 30x price to earnings (PE) multiple enjoyed by India’s top consumer goods companies such as ITC, Hindustan Unilever and Asian Paints. Similarly in cement, India’s top manufacturers are now the most expensive in the world, trading at nearly 25-30x their trailing earnings. In contrast, the PE multiple of China’s top cement makers is in single digits.
Analysts attribute the valuation gap to the difference in the investors’ growth perception about the two markets. “GDP growth in China has dropped from 10 per cent per annum to seven per cent now and is expected to fall further. In India, growth bottomed out at 4.7 per cent in FY14 and is now expected to rise. This translates into faster earnings growth for Indian companies compared to Chinese ones,” says Motilal Oswal, chairman of Motilal Oswal Financial Services.
Valuation in China is also depressed due to the dominance of government-owned companies. In a recent study by CLSA, there were only three government-owned companies among the top 10 most valued ones in India. The corresponding Chinese list has seven government enterprises.
“State-owned enterprises continue to dominate the Chinese economy, unlike in India, where public sector undertakings are declining in importance and are largely absent from high growth and high value sectors such as information technology, pharmaceuticals and comsumer goods,” says Vishesh Chandiok, national managing partner, Grant Thornton India LLP. Government-owned enterprises command lower valuations worldwide.
Beside, the SSE 180 has a higher weightage of state-owned banks, commodity companies and real estate ones. Typically, these sectors command lower valuations. “Investors fear a big NPA (bad loans) problem for Chinese banks and its contagion impact on the economy and the corporate sector if the economy slows further. This has also contributed to lower valuations,” says G Chokkalingam, head of Equinomics Research & Advisory.
The Chinese stock market also faces heat from currency appreciation. “The yuan is appreciating against the dollar, eroding Chinese competitiveness in many sectors like textiles. This is working in India’s favour, where the currency has depreciated significantly vis-a-vis the dollar in the past five years,” says Oswal.
Chinese Companies

Silver Leaf Oak to Acquire 10% Stake in Biocon s Syngene for Rs. 380 CroreApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Mauritius-based private equity fund Silver Leaf Oak will acquire 10 per cent stake in Biocon's research services arm Syngene International for Rs 380 crore.
The deal puts the entire valuation of Syngene International Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Biocon Ltd, at Rs 3,800 crore.
"This investment reflects Syngene's leading position in the contract research and manufacturing space in Asia, acknowledging its comprehensive multidisciplinary capabilities," Biocon chairman and managing director Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw said in a statement.
This transaction is part of the overall strategic plan for Syngene and sets a new benchmark as we prepare the company for listing, she added.
Silver Leaf will acquire the stake in Syngene from Biocon Research Ltd (BRL), another arm of Biocon Ltd. The PE firm was advised by India Value Fund Advisors (IVFA) in the transaction, while Biocon was advised by Allegro Advisors.
Post the completion of the transaction, Biocon and BRL will jointly hold 85.54 per cent stake in Syngene, it added.
Commenting on the development, IVFA managing director Vishal Nevatia said: "We had partnered with Biocon through our first fund in 2003. We are excited to partner with them again...This deal showcases the IVFA investment philosophy of working with high quality entrepreneurs and management teams."
Earlier on this month, Biocon had acquired GE Capital's entire 7.69 per cent stake in Syngene for Rs 215.38 crore. The company, which had sold the stake to GE on October 31, 2012, for Rs 125 crore, has paid almost double to buy back this stake.
Biocon shares on Thursday closed at Rs 499.95 apiece on the BSE, up 2.70 per cent from its previous close.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 22:21 (IST)

Jet Airways  rule clarity claim flies in the face of factsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

No plans finalised yet for A-380 to Delhi: EmiratesNo plans finalised yet for A-380 to Delhi: Emirates
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, September 18:  
The Dubai based Emirates Airlines is yet to finalise plans to bring the world’s largest commercial aircraft, the Airbus A-380 on its regular flights to Delhi, Essa Suleiman Ahmad, Vice-President, India and Nepal, Emirates Airlines, said on Wednesday.
“We are constrained by the air services bilaterals (exchanged between India and Dubai). Priority will be on changing what we operate to Delhi to make it a better product,” Essa said, adding that the airline is focusing more on ensuring that there was “consistency” in the product being offered to the passengers flying into and out of Delhi rather than bringing in the Airbus A-380.
Emirates already flies the A-380 to Mumbai.
The West Asia-Indian Ocean region, which includes India, contributed $2.3 billion — or 11 per cent of the airline’s total revenue — in 2013-14. The region includes Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh Maldives and Afghanistan, with India being the major market in the region.
Emirates operates 185 weekly flights to 10 destinations here, compared to about 115 weekly frequencies that it operates collectively to Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh.
Trade potential
Essa claimed that Emirates has a large number of passengers flying annually from India from the non-metro cities rather than from the metros. The airline, which flew 4.86 million passengers in 2013-14, operates to Ahmedabad, Kochi, Kozhikode and Thiruvanthapuram, apart from the six metro cities.
The airline’s load factors on the India routes ranged from 91 per cent in Hyderabad to 90 per cent from Chennai, Kochi and Kozhikode to the lowest of 79 per cent from Kolkata. Delhi was at 87 per cent.
The airline is assessing several potential destinations in India, some of which are for trade purposes, Essa said.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Saradha scam: CBI summons TMCs Adhikari  CPI-Ms DebSaradha scam: CBI summons TMC’s Adhikari, CPI-M’s Deb
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, September 18:  
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has summoned Trinamool Congress MP Suvendu Adhikari and CPI-M leader Rabin Deb in relation of the multi-crore Saradha scam. Deb, will be the first CPI(M) leader to be questioned by the central agency.
Sources aware of the matter said that the CPI(M) leader might be questioned on his role regarding the sale of a television channel to the Saradha group.
Sources indicate that Deb is said to have expressed his inability to be present immediately citing prior commitments.
Meanwhile, Suvendu Adhikari, TMC MP confirmed to BusinessLine that he has received a call from the CBI office. “I spoke with the CBI. But have not received anything in writing from them so far. I am willing to cooperate in all regards,” he maintained.
Adhikari is likely to be questioned in relation to allegations of complicity levelled against him by a former party colleague.
Earlier, the central agency had also grilled TMC MP, Srinjoy Bose.
The Saradha Group, involved in various money collection and Ponzi schemes went bust in April 2013, after duping thousands of depositors in West Bengal, Assam, Odisha and Bihar.
Group Chairman Sudipta Sen was arrested later that month by the West Bengal police. A few months later, TMC MP Kunal Ghosh — who headed the media ventures of the Group — was put behind bars.
The CBI, which took over the probe in May this year, following a Supreme Court order, has made four arrests — three in West Bengal and one from Assam — in the matter.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Mayaram optimistic about 7% plus growth in next 2-3 yearsMayaram optimistic about 7% plus growth in next 2-3 years
Our Bureau
Arvind Mayaram, Finance Secretary
New Delhi, September 18:  
India can get back to over 7 per cent growth in the next two-three years, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram said.
“Business confidence is back and even though still tentative, growth in the industrial sector, especially manufacturing, is showing an up-tick,” he said during the G20 (Group of 20 countries) Deputies Meeting in Cairns, Australia, on Thursday.
Mayaram expressed confidence that by pursuing growth-inducing policies, the Government would contribute to India fully going back to 7 per cent-plus growth in two-three years. “To that extent, India stands committed to the incremental 2 per cent growth in global GDP,” he said. His confidence comes at a time when the economy grew at 5.7 per cent during the April-June quarter of this fiscal against 4.7 per cent in the same period last year.
Mayaram said although the policies pursued by emerging market economies to bring growth back have been effective, it would be imperative such economies, including India, to continue with structural reforms. However, the uncertainty and volatility in the external environment was worrisome and needed the attention of the G20, he added.
“As the US Fed withdraws from unconventional monetary policy, there will be an overhang on asset prices in the emerging markets and, therefore, volatility in the currency markets,” he said.
The Finance Secretary said the recent decision to exit from the quantitative easing (QE) programme had an impact on the currency markets of many emerging market economies.
“The strength of G20 lies in taking international collaborative actions and not limiting these to individual country growth strategies,” he suggested. 
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

First Lady Liyuan floors one and all at schoolFirst Lady Liyuan floors one and all at school
NAVADHA PANDEY
Sings, displays calligraphy skills during visit to Delhi’s Tagore International School
New Delhi, September 18:  
In March this year, Chinese First Lady Peng Liyuan made headlines around the globe, when she played graceful hostess to US First Lady Michelle Obama, who was in China for a week-long cultural diplomacy tour.
No wonder, on her maiden visit to India, she enthralled students, teachers and the paparazzi with her humility and poise. On Thursday, the Chinese First Lady spent about an hour at New Delhi’s Tagore International School.
Liyuan, who herself is a known folk singer, sang with the students, shared her knowledge of calligraphy and left them with memories for a lifetime with Chinese storybooks as gifts.
In a 45-minute programme, which included Kuchipudi, Bharatnatyam and Kathak performances by school children, Liyuan was seen humming along with a group of children who recited an inspirational poem in Mandarin.
Malllika Preman, Headmistress, Tagore International School, Vasant Vihar, told BusinessLine, “We were spellbound…She was extremely friendly and was hugging children. She also shook hands with all faculty members and invited the teachers to China on an exchange visit.”
The kids had been practising the Mandarin song for many days and the first lady delightfully remarked that the students had perfected the Chinese accent, Preman added.
Liyuan later also showcased her calligraphy skills by writing a famous Confucius quote in Mandarin which means: ‘Study the past if you would define the future’. She also taught the students how to hold the brush for this art form.
The First Lady’s stop at the Delhi school was the obvious choice, as it has been running exchange programme collaboration with Jinyuan Senior High School in Shanghai. Under this, Indian students teach Chinese students Kathak and yoga, while the Chinese students teach Tai Chi and calligraphy to their Indian mates. The students gifted a Tagore statue and a portrait to the First Lady.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Medha Patkar slams Narendra Modi government over dropping of a chapter on her in NBT bookMedha Patkar slams Narendra Modi government over dropping of a chapter on her in NBT book
PTI | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 18 2014, 23:44  IST
Sep 18 2014, 23:44  IST
 

Xi Jinping: Peaceful ties between dragon and elephant key to world peaceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Narendra Modi to launch  Make in India  campaign; 1 000s CEOs to attendE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

India-China bilateral trade to touch $80 billion by March 2017E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Vote counting begins in Scotland on independenceBallot boxes are opened as counting begins in the Scottish Independence Referendum for the Aberdeenshire Council area, Aberdeen, Scotland (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Edinburgh | Posted: September 19, 2014 5:31 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 9:27 am
The thrill of history in the making enveloped Scotland and spooked the rest of the United Kingdom after voters turned out with unprecedented enthusiasm for an independence referendum that could end the country’s 307-year union with England.
As the polls closed late Thursday and the vote counting began, many Scots settled in to stay up all night in homes and bars to watch the results .
A nationwide count began immediately at 32 regional centers across Scotland.
For some, it was a day they had dreamed of for decades. For others, the time had finally come to make up their minds about the future both for themselves and for the United Kingdom.
“Fifty years I fought for this,” said 83-year-old Isabelle Smith, a Yes supporter in Edinburgh’s maritime district of Newhaven, a former fishing port. “And we are going to win. I can feel it in my bones.”
At the Highland Hall outside Edinburgh, where the final result will be announced sometime after 0500GMT (1 a.m. EDT) Friday, vote-counters at dozens of tables sorted through paper ballots late Thursday, watched keenly by monitors from the Yes and No camps.
Eager voters had lined up outside some polling stations even before they opened at 7 a.m. Many polling stations were busy and turnout was expected to be high. More than 4.2 million people had registered to vote _ 97 percent of those eligible _ including residents as young as 16.
David Clarke, a writing consultant, said he was a No voter, but thought the referendum campaign had been “a fascinating, worthwhile discussion about Scotland’s future.”
A Yes vote would trigger 18 months of negotiations between Scottish leaders and London-based politicians on how the two countries would separate their institutions before Scotland’s planned Independence Day on March 24, 2016.
Many questions  the currency an independent Scotland would use, its status within the 28-nation European Union and NATO, the fate of Britain’s nuclear-armed submarines, based at a Scottish port remain uncertain or disputed after months of campaigning.
Yet for Smith, who went to the polling station decked out in a blue-and-white pro-independence shirt and rosette, statehood for Scotland was a dream nurtured during three decades living in the U.S. with her late husband.
“The one thing America has that the Scots don’t have is confidence,” said Smith, who returned to Scotland years ago. “But they’re getting it, they’re walking tall.”
“No matter what, Scotland will never, ever be the same again,” she declared.
The question on the ballot paper could not be simpler: “Should Scotland be an independent country?”
Yet it has divided Scots during months continued…

Young Turks quit jobs for social enterprise ...Global Talent
(It’s a win-win situation…)
MUMBAI: Samir Malviya's affair with the social sector began when he quit his financial analyst job at Goldman Sachs Chicago and headed to India to join the fellowship programme with impact investing fund Lok Capital.
Over the next three years, Samir packed in an MBA from the University of Michigan, Stephen M. Ross School of Business, and joined social venture capital fund Unitus Impact after. Today, as principal at the San Francisco-headquartered company, he works closely with its chief executive officer, Geoff Woolley, to manage the company's investments in India.
Exciting as his work is, he says it was his fellowship with Lok Capital's investee company Ujjivan Financial Services — where he not only participated in raising the company's first two non-convertible debentures (NCDs), but also helped navigate the microfinance crisis — that ended up being the opportunity of a lifetime.
"A fellowship can help people find their true passion, like I found my passion for social impact through Lok," he says. Like Samir, more and more bright young professionals from within the country and abroad, are taking up fellowships in the social sector, working across a range of projects and issues including business strategy development, equity and debt fundraising, impact assessment, market research methodologies, analysis of growth alternatives and marketing and brand development.
The numbers speak for themselves. At Azim Premji Foundation's fellowship programme - an integral part of the organisation's talent strategy — the applications have jumped from 2,900 in the launch year 2012 to 5,400 last year.
This year's campaign launched on August 15 is primarily driven through the online media and has received 6,000 registrations till date, says Sudheesh Venkatesh, chief people officer. The American India Foundation's (AIF) William J Clinton Fellowship for Service in India has seen a jump in the number of applications from 600 in 2013-14, to over 1,000 from both American and Indian candidates in the 2014-15 cycle.
It's a win-win situation for all the parties concerned. On one hand, fellows develop an in-depth understanding of the sector and gain from a rich learning experience; on the other hand, this provides organisations in the Indian social enterprise sector access to the much needed global talent which they could not otherwise afford to hire. While some professionals quit their jobs to pursue such fellowships, others take a sabbatical. Some join after their studies.
Vishal Mehta, co-founder and partner, Lok Capital, says that when they started out, many of their investee companies had either not scaled up enough or were not financially viable enough to attract good talent. The fellowship programme allowed students from top-tier universities globally to apply their skills and work in at least half-a-dozen of Lok's investee companies. Today, he says, at least 80% of the CVs he gets every month are from abroad.
"If you want to be part of a social enterprise, India is the biggest laboratory," says Mehta.
Also, early career experience in the social sector is valued not just professionally but also in the education sector, he says.
At Acumen, a non-profit global venture fund, the India Fellows program is currently in its inaugural year, with 20 fellows pursuing the programme. This includes several who are founders of their own organisations. During the course of a year-long program, Acumen Regional Fellows remain in their jobs and come together every 6-8 weeks for a series of 5 seminars focused on developing the skills needed to be the next generation of social change leaders.
Acumen had started its Global Fellows Program in 2006, and has trained 73 fellows from among the 5,400 applications it received across 100 countries.
  Bavidra Mohan, India Fellows Manger, Acumen, says that more and more people, and not just millennials, are looking for meaning in their professional lives. "They're thinking not just in terms of what charities they can support but how they can use their skills and talent to build sustainable solutions to poverty," he says.
Opportunities in the sector are making fellows stay on. "About 80-90% of these fellows will end up sticking to this space," says Vishal Mehta. Ashwin Advani, a 2014-15 AIF Clinton Fellow, has decided to extend his fellowship for another year. Advani, who has spent five years consulting in Washington DC started his fellowship with ICICI Foundation's project creating health education and communication material for a long-distance truckers' health clinic before moving to NGO SNEHA to scale their integrated health centre model and support a project related to domestic violence.
"The fellowship and two placements opened my eyes to the tip of development and India," says Advani.
People pursuing these fellowships are paid varied amounts, depending on the organisation involved. The outlay for an AIF Clinton Fellow is in the range of $15,000 including the stipend, insurance and flights while at Azim Premji Foundation, 2014 fellows will be paid a stipend of Rs 27,000. At Lok Capital, fellows get paid a stipend between Rs 30,000-45,000 plus some perks like air travel to home country and health insurance and the cost is shared with the investee company. The Acumen India Fellows programme is structured in a way that people can continue in their jobs, yet be part of a one-year leadership development programme free of cost.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pro-union campaigners cheer first result© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f19db3be-3f97-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Seventeen stocks in focus in Friday morning tradeYou are here: Home > Collections
Seventeen stocks in focus in Friday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex continued its up streak after a positive start led by gains in pharma, power and auto on the back of positive cues from Asian markets.
At 11:02 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,243.01, up 130.80 points.
The Nifty was at 8,159.50, up 44.75 points
The sudden recovery in the benchmarks positively surprised the participants on Thursday as it erased the loss of last three sessions. The US Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates near zero for a considerable time; triggered the initial positivity.
"After steep recovery, it is likely that index would witness pause on Friday; however, stock specific move will keep the traders busy," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"It is crucial to maintain extra caution in stock selection and keep check on position sizing as we have been witnessing volatile moves," he added.
Manglik is of the view that one can choose counters from banking, IT and liquid midcap space for fresh buying in the next session"
Here is a list of seventeen stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Tata Group Companies: Moody's Investors Service has upgraded the ratings of several Tata Group companies to reflect our expectation of parental and systemic support in the case of need, which has been exhibited both in the form of extraordinary financial support from Tata Sons Ltd. (unrated), the ultimate parent, and ongoing support through their close association with the Tata brand.
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Telecom major Bharti Airtel may have to cough up Rs 436 crore for merging Airtel Broadband Services with itself towards differential spectrum cost and migration fee, DoT sources said.
Tech Mahindra Ltd: Tech Mahindra said it will work with Bosch Software Innovations to develop an ecosystem to offer solutions for smart cities with billions of things inter-connected via the Internet.
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd: Country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India appointed R S Kalsi as head of domestic marketing and sales following the resignation of Mayank Pareek from the company.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Reliance Jio Infocomm has signed a tower-sharing deal with GTL Infrastructure Ltd. (GTL), which will help the telecom unit of Reliance Industries roll out its much-awaited high speed data and voice services faster and at a lower cost across India.
ICICI Bank Ltd: Export-Import Bank of China (China Exim Bank) and China Development Bank Corporation (CDB) today signed various agreements with SBI, ICICI BankBSE and Axis Bank to facilitate trade between the two countries.
L&T Ltd: Larsen & Toubro's overseas subsidiary L&T Oman LLC has bagged a contract from the Sultanate of Oman for construction of the Adam Airbase in Al Dakhiliya Governorate, the company said today.
Infosys: The IT major has announced new partnerships with Microsoft, Hitachi Data Systems and Huawei to deepen its product offerings in new disruptive areas, including cloud and big data analytics, communication, infrastructure and data centre transformation segments.
M&M Ltd: E-commerce firm Snapdeal on Thursday started accepting prebookings for the new variant of Mahindra & Mahindra's (M&M) mainstay SUV Scorpio, making it the first time automobile bookings have debuted on a third-party electronic marketplace in India and marking another maturity milestone for the country's fledgling e-retail sector.
Ranbaxy, Cipla: Ranbaxy Labs and Cipla are among the companies which would face the maximum brunt of the new price cuts announced by National Pharma Pricing Authority (NPPA) early this week.
GMR Infrastructure Ltd: Nepal's centre-left cabinet on Thursday cleared the way for an Indian firm to build a $1.4 billion hydroelectric plant in the northwest of the country, a cabinet minister said, the Himalayan republic's biggest foreign investment scheme.
ITC: The ingredients are all there in this sacred space: a big consumer market that no large company has managed to dominate, the ongoing festive season, daily rituals to please the gods, and social media savvy youngsters as potential customers.
Bajaj Electricals Ltd: The company is expecting good business across segments - consumer durables, engineering and lighting - in the current fiscal that could see its total turnover reach Rs 4,800 crore, a growth of 20 per cent.
NMDC: The country's biggest iron ore producer which had acquired an additional 30 per cent stake in Australian firm Legacy Iron Ore, today said it will commence mining there in a year or two.
United Spirits & ZEE Entertainment: United Spirits will be replaced by Zee Entertainment Enterprises in the National Stock Exchange's benchmark index Nifty from Friday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nifty seen opening higher; may reclaim 8150 levelsGEPL Capital
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open higher on Friday following positive trend seen in other Asian markets . Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to head toward its crucial psychological level of 8150 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 12 points higher at 8139 indicating positive opening on the domestic market.
Nifty maintained its uptrend throughout the session on Thursday to conclude the day with a significant gain of 139 points at 8114, while Sensex closed 480 points higher at 27112.21.
Nifty managed to respect the level of 7920 as a support and registered an impressive bounce back erasing the losses of past couple of sessions.
It also moved past the resistance of 8050 and now trades near the next major resistance range of 8120 - 8130, say analysts.
"It is important for the index to clear the resistance of 8130 for this momentum to remain intact. In such a scenario a retest of 8180 and beyond that 8229 may be possible upside targets in coming days," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"Now the range of 8045 to 8000 has turned into immediate term support, below that 7920 continues to remain as a key support for the index. Medium term support and trend reversal level remains at 7820 for Nifty," added the report.
Overnight, US stocks rose, a day after the U.S. Federal Reserve kept intact its pledge to keep interest rates low, providing a backstop for investors that helped lift both the Dow and S&P to record highs.
"The climb to repeated record highs has coincided with steadily improving economic data, while the Fed's support has allowed investors to shrug off occasional weak numbers, like the August payrolls report," Reuters reported.
"The Fed said Wednesday at the conclusion of a two-day policy meeting it would keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," language supportive of equities which some had expected to be dropped from the statement," added the report.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 109.14 points, or 0.64 per cent, to 17,265.99, the S&P 500 added 9.79 points, or 0.49 per cent, to 2,011.36, and the Nasdaq Composite gained 31.24 points, or 0.68 per cent, to 4,593.43.
Asian shares were trading higher. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 1.2 per cent higher at 16,260 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.50 per cent higher at 24,292.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.70 per cent lower at 2,062 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.17 per cent higher at 2,318.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scots vote against independence in four cons...Scots vote against independence in four small constituencies
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 08.11AM IST
Unionists won Clackmannanshire, the Orkney Islands, the Shetland Islands and even the nationalist stronghold of the Western Isles - constituencies.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
EDINBURGH: Scotland voted against breaking apart the United Kingdom in four small constituencies, early referendum results showed on Friday, as Scots agonized over the fate of their country following a divisive independence campaign.
Scotland's verdict on the union should be clear around breakfast time on Friday, but a YouGov poll of 1,828 voters the organisation had previously polled indicated 54 percent of Scots would back the union while 46 percent would seek independence.
Unionists won Clackmannanshire, the Orkney Islands, the Shetland Islands and even the nationalist stronghold of the Western Isles - constituencies which together represent only 2.3 percent of the Scottish electorate.
Sterling rose sharply higher in Asian trade to $1.6502, up from around $1.6380 late in New York while bookmakers' odds showed victory for unionists was much more likely and unionists campaigners clapped when the results came in.
"It seems to me that we are going to have a 'No' majority in this referendum, though obviously there is a long way to go," Danny Alexander, the Scottish-born Chief Secretary to the Treasury, told Reuters in an interview.
"That's great news for Scotland and for the United Kingdom, but also just a start to the serious task to make sure that Scotland gets the additional power that it needs," said Alexander, a Liberal Democrat with a Scottish constituency.
Though the results boosted the spirits of the unionist campaign, hours remained before the results from Scotland's biggest cities - where the fate of the United Kingdom is likely to be sealed - were due to be reported.
The campaign for independence has galvanised this country of 5.3 million but also divided the passions of friends and families from the remote Scottish islands of the Atlantic to the tough city estates of Glasgow.
Breaking apart the United Kingdom has worried allies, investors and the entire British elite whose leaders rushed late in the campaign to check what opinion polls showed was a surge in support for independence.
Seeking to tap into a cocktail of historical rivalry, opposing political tastes and a perception that London has mismanaged Scotland, nationalists say Scots, not London, should rule Scotland to build a wealthier and fairer country.
Unionists say independence would usher in financial, economic and political uncertainty and diminish the UK's standing in the world. They have warned that Scotland would not keep the pound as part of a formal currency union.
Beyond the money and power, the referendum has provoked deep passions in Scotland, drawn in many voters who ignore traditional political campaigns and underscored what London politicians admit is a need for wider constitutional change.
Voters lined up at polling stations across Scotland to vote with 4.28 million voters, or 97 percent of the electorate, registered to vote.
Scotland's Fate
They were asked to answer "Yes" or "No" to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?".
YouGov said it had picked up a "small but significant late swing" towards supporters of the 307-year union between Scotland and England on polling day, though it cautioned the survey was merely a snapshot.
"It looks like the union will remain intact for the time being," YouGov research manager Laurence Janta-Lipinski told Reuters of the survey carried out on Thursday which was not an exit poll.
Electoral officials said the result will be announced around sunrise on Friday when all regional votes have been submitted. Partial results will give a strong indication after the count of cities such as Glasgow are declared.
"I'm still saying about breakfast time," Chief Counting Officer Mary Pitcaithly told Reuters.
With more than 486,000 voters, Scotland's largest city of Glasgow is crucial and is due to report around 0400 GMT. Edinburgh and Aberdeen, which with Glasgow make up nearly a quarter of the electorate, are also expected around that time.
Other key regions to watch are North and South Lanarkshire and Aberdeenshire where Alex Salmond, the 59-year-old nationalist leader, cast his vote on Thursday.
"From what you can see, 'No' seem to have a lead at this stage. Whether it is insurmountable, I don't know. But there's a lot of people feeling slightly deflated," independence supporter Stan Blackley of the Scottish Green Party told Reuters.
Page 1 of 2

Tata Group companies see uptick in Moodys ratingsTata Group companies see uptick in Moody’s ratings
ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Moody’s
(The upgrades are based on…)
Mumbai: Rating agency Moody's Investors Service upgraded several Tata Group companies -Tata Motors, Tata Chemicals, Tata Steel and Tata Power -citing 'extraordinary' financial support from parent Tata Sons.
The upgrades are based on the track record of Tata Sons in providing timely support to its investee companies and its need to protect the brand reputation of Tata from the consequences of an entity's distress, Moody's said in a statement.
In recent years, Moody's has seen Tata Sons inject money, typically through equity rights issues, into its companies, to fund their growth plans or to bolster any weak balance sheets, said Alan Greene, vice president and senior credit officer at Moody's.
Tata Sons is promoter of Tata companies and owns significant share in these firms. "As Tata's involvement in consumer facing businesses in India increases, coupled with its growing international presence, the Tata name, with more than 100 years of history, has become a globally significant brand and is therefore critical to maintain the Group's standing with customers, employees and investors alike," said Greene.
Greene added that with glimpses of recovery in some of the worst affected sectors of the Indian economy, the bulk of Tata Sons' disbursal could now be directed into the group's growth areas and not into resolving old troubles.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scotland vote: Most results so far against independenceprint
Pro-Union supporters celebrate as Scottish referendum polling results are announced at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh. (AFP Photo)
Scotland has decisively rejected independence by winning more than half of the votes polled, concluding an intensely-fought campaign that threatened to tear asunder the 307-year-old United Kingdom.
With 31 out of the country's 32 council areas having declared results, the margin of victory was about 55% to 45%. Glasgow, Scotland's largest council area and the third largest city in Britain, voted in favour of independence, while capital Edinburgh, rejected it.
As many people across the country heaved a collective sigh of relief, the implications of the rejection were beginning to come to the fore: Westminster will have to deliver the promises of more powers to Scotland in the near future, made during the closing stages of the campaign.
“I accept the verdict of the people. We now face the consequences of the decision. Scotland will now expect the vows made by unionist parties to give more powers to be delivered,” said Alex Salmond, Scotland first minister and leader of the Yes campaign.
 
The verdict is expected to lead to a more federal United Kingdom, with more powers to Wales, Northern Ireland and England, along the lines of those to be handed over to Scotland.
Former prime minister Gordon Brown emerged as the main figure in the 'No' campaign with at least three passionate speeches towards the closing stages of the campaign, reviving his flagging political career.
 
Prime Minister David Cameron said he had congratulated Alistair Darling, leader of the Better Together campaign, while Nicola Sturgeon, one of the top Yes campaign leaders, expressed her ‘deep personal and political disappointment’.
Highlights: Scotland Votes
The turnout for Scotland's historic independence referendum could be the highest ever in the United Kingdom, for a vote on the future of the centuries-old union.
Some ballot boxes were brought by helicopter and others by boat from remote islands to be counted after polls closed, agency reports said.
The closure of the airport on the Isle of Lewis due to fog meant ballot boxes would have to make the slower journey by fishing boat.
 
The question for voters at Scotland's more than 5,000 polling stations was "Should Scotland be an independent country?" and they were asked to mark either "Yes" or "No".
  
A palace spokesperson told Sky news Queen Elizabeth II was following events from her family home Balmoral Castle in rural Scotland and is expected to comment later on Friday.
She is "kept abreast of information... from her team of advisers in London and Edinburgh," the spokesperson said.
The 'nay' sayers: Pro-union supporters celebrate in Glasgow as polling results are announced. (AFP Photo)
British prime minister Cameron had promised greater powers for Scotland's parliament in a last-minute bid to convince voters to stay in the union, prompting politicians in his Conservative party to call for the same treatment for England.
'Ripped out of the UK'
Many people in the rest of the United Kingdom were concerned about the prospect of Scottish independence, which would sever a deep bond and cut the UK's surface area by a third.
A lot of the debate was focussed on the economy, what currency an independent Scotland would use and whether it could be a member of the European Union.
Scotland's parliament, opened in 1999, holds some powers devolved from Westminster to set policy in certain areas of domestic policy, such as health and education.
For many voters, this was not enough.
"I voted 'Yes' because I decided Scotland should be governed by itself," said university administrator Sarah Rowell, 36, in Edinburgh.
A pro-independence observer watches as ballot cards are counted at the Royal Highland Centre counting hall in Edinburgh after ballot counting got underway in the referendum on Scottish independence. (AFP Photo)

After Modi-Xi meeting  China pulls back troops from LadakhChinese troops, locked in a staring match with Indian forces in Ladakh, started withdrawing on Thursday after President Xi Jinping told PM Narendra Modi that he was “sad” tensions between the armies had “cast a shadow” on his visit.
 
After an eight-day standoff, the temperature on the Line of Actual Control (LAC) started coming down after Modi raised the topic with Xi at their meeting at Hyderabad House in Delhi and Xi made his somewhat unexpected remarks to the Indian leader.
Chinese President Xi Jinping receives ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan
Xi’s words are intriguing because in addition to being head of state and head of the Communist party, he also sits at the top of China’s 1.5-million strong army. As paramount leader, he should have full control on what his men are doing on the disputed LAC, raising questions about why the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) intruded just before his state visit.
Read: Defensive India needs to take firmer stand against hawkish China 
 
Xi is learnt to have told Modi late on Wednesday in Ahmedabad that he had “passed on the message” to the PLA that they should disengage, but when there was no action, the topic came up again at their closed door tete-a-tete in Delhi, sources said.
 
Modi is understood to have asked that the status quo ante on the LAC be restored and the sides move towards resuming the process of clarifying the exact position of the Line.
 
“At point 30R, the Chinese have withdrawn nearly 1 km, and at two other positions, they have gone so far back that they are not visible in the night,” said a government source, adding that Indian troops had also begun pulling back.
 
The standoff between the troops at three places in Chumar in eastern Ladakh started on September 10. Chinese civilians also occupied territory claimed by the Indians, at Demchok in another part of Ladakh.
The situation reached such a pass that some 600 Indian troops massed at three points in Chumar, facing off against 230 intruding Chinese forces. The Indian Army placed the XIV Corps, responsible for defence of the Ladakh sector, on alert after a brigadier-level border personnel meeting (BPM) called at the behest of the PLA at Spanggur Gap on Wednesday yielded no results despite the two sides negotiating for over eight hours and into the night.

 Asian Shares Edge Higher After Wall Street CheerYou are here: Home Market
Asian Shares Edge Higher After Wall Street Cheer
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 08:02 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Tokyo: Asian shares edged higher on Friday, cheered by news of an eye-popping initial public offering by Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group, while sterling rebounded after a survey published showed support for Scotland to remain in the United Kingdom.
Alibaba Group Holding priced its IPO at $68 a share, the top end of the expected range, raising $21.8 billion on Thursday - one of the largest-ever stock offerings.
Sterling was up about 0.1 per cent at $1.6425, after it rose to a two-week high against the dollar of $1.6461. A YouGov survey carried out on the day of the Scottish referendum showed support for independence amounted to 46 percent of the electorate, while 54 percent wanted to remain in the United Kingdom.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added 0.1 per cent in early trade, bolstered by Wall Street's cheer, where both the benchmark S&P 500 and the Dow Jones industrial average set intraday record highs.
Japan's Nikkei stock average added 0.7 per cent, getting a tailwind from a weaker currency after the dollar pushed to a new six-year high of 108.96 yen on Thursday.
The dollar index, which tracks the U.S. unit against a basket of six major rivals, stood at 84.267 after it climbed as high as 84.743 on Thursday, its strongest level in more than four years.
The euro was steady at $1.2918 after refreshing a 14-month low on Thursday, dropping as low as $1.2834.
Risk sentiment was tempered by geopolitical clouds on the horizon. The U.S. Senate on Thursday approved a bill requested by President Barack Obama to train and arm of moderate Syrian rebels fighting Islamic State militants, which now goes to Obama to sign into law.
Obama said the strong bipartisan support showed Americans were united in the fight against Islamic State militants.
"The emergence of the militant group ISIS in Syria and Iraq, and recent increase in efforts to fight it, has ushered in a new era of geopolitical risk" in the Middle East and North Africa, strategists at Barclays wrote in a client note.
"We think the stage seems set for a prolonged period of heightened regional uncertainty, with risks potentially spilling over into global oil markets and other economies and financial markets in the region," they said.
US crude edged up about 0.1 per cent to $1.35 to $93.11 a barrel, pressured by the weaker greenback, which makes dollar-priced commodities such as oil more expensive for buyers using other currencies.
Spot gold steadied at $1.225.40 an ounce early on Friday after fall to $1,216.01 in the previous session, its lowest since Jan. 2 on speculation about an earlier-than-expected U.S. interest rate hike.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Clarify stand on gas pricing: Supreme Court to govtE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Data scientist sexiest jobs of the century | Infy ties up with MS  Hitachi  HuaweiYou are here: Home > Collections > Scientists
Data scientist among the sexiest jobs of the century
Jayadevan PK & Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 09.13AM IST
Tags:
data scientist
(Data scientists are a rare…)
NEW DELHI: The title has been around for less than a decade, but already 'data scientist' is considered to be among the sexiest jobs of the 21st century. In India it is no different.
Data scientists — the term was coined in 2008 by DJ Patil and Jeff Hammerbacher — are a rare species being chased by startups and big technology companies alike for their ability to make sense of large and complex set of information. As a result, their salaries have shot through the roof and poaching is rampant. Take the case of S Anand, the chief data scientist at Hyderabad-based data visualisation and analytics company Gramener, for instance.
He was recently wooed by an ecommerce major with an offer that was hard to refuse. Luckily for his cofounder Naveen Gaddu, he was too passionate about their 50-people startup to leave. "At least one-two of my people get pinged on Linkedin every day on an average. Thankfully, they choose to stay," said Gaddu, the chief operating officer at Gramener.
The sudden prominence for data scientists highlight how startups and established players now need to comb huge volumes of data for information that is key to the success of an idea or business. Salaries for chief data scientists with over 10 years of experience in mathematics and statistics are regularly touching the Rs 1 crore mark.
Mobile commerce player Paytm is hiring a team of eight data scientists in Canada, paying on an average $250,000 (Rs 1.5 crore) each. "The team will look at the large amount of data we have from different angles. For instance fraud detection, upselling and such," said Vijay Shekhar Sharma, founder of One97 Communication which owns Paytm. "If a person paid Rs 60-70 lakh is offered Rs 1.2 crore, then no one in the marketplace will touch him for a while," said Gattu, chief operating officer at Gramener. At least four senior industry professionals said Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon and Walmart were among the companies waving fat pay packets at top data scientists.
For ecommerce companies, data scientists who can help them make better sense of their customers needs have become a top priority. "Data is a large asset that is often not used to its full potential in most organisations. There is a huge amount of technology investments that we can make in this area," said Amod Malviya, the chief technology officer of Flipkart.
The online retailer generates terabytes of data every day and is now building a data science lab that can help them sell better.
"The big technology trend is to make systems intelligent and data is the raw material," said Malviya, who declined to share specific salaries being offered by Flipkart. A chief data scientist, with about 10-15 years of experience using mathematical and statistical tools, earns about Rs 50 lakh on average annually.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Volatility set to rise furtherLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Volatility set to rise further
In the market, one day down big time, one day up big time and more interesting was there was no FII buying in yesterday's trade.
Post your opinion here
 
In the market, one day down big time, one day up big time and more interesting was there was no FII buying in yesterday's trade.
RELATED NEWS

Indian rupee opens higher at 60.77 per dollarSep 19, 2014, 09.06 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian rupee opens higher at 60.77 per dollar
Gains in Asian equities and some exporters selling may limit further losses. Expect rupee to be ranged between 60.60-61.40/dollar, says Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian rupee opens higher at 60.77 per dollar
Gains in Asian equities and some exporters selling may limit further losses. Expect rupee to be ranged between 60.60-61.40/dollar, says Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian rupee opened marginally higher at 60.77 per dollar on Friday against yesterday's close of 60.83 a dollar.
Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity said, "Reduction in FIIs inflows coupled with profit booking in local equities may pressurise the currency.”
“However, gains in Asian equities and some exporters selling may limit further losses. Expect rupee to be ranged between 60.60-61.40/dollar," he added.
Also Read - Policy rate unlikely to change till fiscal-end: D&B
According to Emkay, SPOT USDINR prices could not sustain above 61.20 and again faced selling pressure. Today prices are expected to have resistance at 60.87-60.90 and prices can remain under pressure. Prices on lower side can slide to 60.65-60.70 level. Prices should not move above 61.00 to remain negative for the day.
Meanwhile, Sterling rose to a two-week high against the US dollar and two-year peak against the euro, taking comfort from a poll showing support for Scotland to remain in the United Kingdom.
RELATED NEWS

HCL to expand global delivery center in Wake CountySep 19, 2014, 08.58 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HCL to expand global delivery center in Wake County
HCL Technologies Ltd has informed BSE about an announcement by North Carolina State Government on HCL Technologies expanding its presence in Wake County. The announcement was made by Governor Pat McCrory and Commerce Secretary Sharon Decker of North Carolina, United States.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
HCL to expand global delivery center in Wake County
HCL Technologies Ltd has informed BSE about an announcement by North Carolina State Government on HCL Technologies expanding its presence in Wake County. The announcement was made by Governor Pat McCrory and Commerce Secretary Sharon Decker of North Carolina, United States.
Post your opinion here
 
HCL Technologies Ltd has informed BSE about an announcement by North Carolina State Government on HCL Technologies expanding its presence in Wake County. The announcement was made by Governor Pat McCrory and Commerce Secretary Sharon Decker of North Carolina, United States.In this regard, the Company has submitted to BSE a copy of Press Release titled "HCL to Expand Global Delivery Centerin Wake County".Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

ET 500 survey: India s manufacturing is alive & kickingET 500 survey: India s manufacturing is alive & kicking
Obama names Indian American Richard Rahul Verma as envoy to IndiaObama names Indian American Richard Rahul Verma as envoy to India
The curious case of $100 billion from China that never cameHi Guest
The curious case of $100 billion from China that never came
While India revelled at the fact that the Chinese promised to invest $20 billion in five years, everyone was left wondering what happened to the missing $80 billion. Apparently, ahead of the visit, Chinese embassy officials briefed Indian scholars that investment promised would be $100 billion. How this figure came down to $20 billion is a mystery, these scholars confessed. According to official sources, China promised to invest $20 billion in a span of five years. Besides, it signed several ...

Market may open slightly higherMarket may open slightly higher
Oracle CEO Ellison steps down  Catz Hurd to replace himOracle CEO Ellison steps down  Catz Hurd to replace him
Microsoft axes 2 100 jobs as trimming process continuesMicrosoft axes 2 100 jobs as trimming process continues
Sensex to open on a positive noteSensex to open on a positive note
India s GDP to rebound to over 7% in 2-3 years: MayaramIndia s GDP to rebound to over 7% in 2-3 years: Mayaram
From $68 the sky s the limit for AlibabaFrom $68 the sky s the limit for Alibaba
Scotland referendum results: Early vote against independence in four small constituenciesE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Markets open higher amid firm global cuesMarkets trim early gains; Nifty holds 8,100
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 09:50 AM IST
Markets trimmed early gains as investors booked profits at higher levels after sharp gains on Thursday. Further, selling by foreign funds also weighed on investor sentiment.
At 9:50AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 28 points at 27,140 and the 50-share Nifty was up 12 points at 8,127.
Foreign funds sold shares worth Rs 9.5 crore on Thursday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
The rupee was trading higher at Rs 60.76 compared to its previous close of Rs 60.84. On Thursday, the Indian rupee ended eight paise higher at 60.84 against the greenback following late dollar selling by exporters and a strong rally in local shares.
Asian shares firmed on the back of encouraging reports on the initial public offering by Chinese e-commerce major Alibaba Group. Shares in Japan were trading higher as the yen weakened against the US dollar. The benchmark Nikkei was up 1.4% at 16,301. The Shanghai Composite and Hang Seng were trading flat with positive bias while Straits Times was up 0.3%.
TCS was the top Sensex gainer up nearly 2% followed by HDFC, Sun Pharma, Bajaj Auto and ONGC among others.
Cipla was up 1.5% after it  signed an agreement with American company Salix Pharmaceuticals, under which Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights over certain patent applications in the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patents owned by Cipla. The grant is on a worldwide basis, excluding the countries of Asia (other than Japan) and Africa.
Among other shares, Biocon is trading higher by 2.5% at Rs 512, after the biotechnology firm said Silver Leaf Oak acquires 10% stake in Syngene International, the company’s research services subsidiary. Silver Leaf Oak (Mauritius), an investment vehicle advised by India Value Fund Advisors (IVFA), has agreed to acquire a minority 10% stake in Syngene, the research services subsidiary of Biocon, the company said in a statement.
The broader market also trimmed some of the early gains and the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up 0.6% each.
Market breadth was strong with 1,294 gainers and 654 losers on the BSE.

Midway through Scotland s referendum counting  the  Nays  seem to have itScotland rejects independence, to stay in UK
Press Trust of India | London Sep 19, 2014 11:48 AM IST
Scotland today rejected independence in a historic referendum and decided to remain in a 307-year-old union with the United Kingdom, in a relief to Prime Minister David Cameron. 
 
With 30 out of Scotland's 32 council areas having declared results, the "No" side has an unbeatable lead of 1,877,252 votes to 1,512,688, official results confirmed today. 
 
The winning total needed was 1,852,828 and nationally, the margin of victory is about 55% to 45%. This margin of victory is some three points greater than that anticipated by the final opinion polls. 
 
The vote is the culmination of a two-year campaign and talks will now begin on devolving more powers to Scotland, which had joined the United Kingdom in 1707. 
 
Glasgow, Scotland's largest council area and the third largest city in Britain, voted in favour of independence with 194,779 'Yes' votes to 169,347 'No' votes. Dundee, West Dunbartonshire and North Lanarkshire also voted "Yes". 
 
But Edinburgh, the nation's capital, rejected independence by 194,638 votes to 123,927 votes, while Aberdeen City voted "No" by a margin of more than 20,000 votes. 
 
There have also been big wins for the pro-UK campaign in many other areas. 
 
British Prime Minister David Cameron said: "I've spoken to Alistair Darling (head of the pro-UK Better Together campaign) - and congratulated him on a well-fought campaign." 
 
Scotland's First Minister Alex Salmond on Friday conceded defeat in the referendum, while saying the large number of 'Yes' votes represented a substantial number for Scottish independence in the future. 
 
The people of Scotland had been queueing up to register their vote in the historic referendum yesterday to decide their future as part an independent country or the UK. 
 
They had a simple "Yes" or "No" choice to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?" 
 
Nearly 97% of the electorate, adding up to 4,285,323 people, were registered to vote at 2,608 polling places across the country.
Scotland's independence vote

Saradha was running Ponzi scheme  finds SFIO probe; to face prosecutionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

2 out of 3 Indians are financially struggling2 out of 3 Indians are financially struggling
Shishir Shina
Gallup survey says majority of population feels unfulfilled in day-to-day life and socially suffering
New Delhi, September 16:  
Two out of every three Indians are either financially struggling or suffering.
According to the Gallup-Healthways Global Well-Being Index, released on Tuesday, only about one-fifth of Indians, or 21 per cent, were financially thriving while 49 per cent were struggling and 30 per cent suffering.
The Well-Being Index is a barometer of individual perceptions of well-being, based on data collected last year across 135 countries, with more than 1.33 lakh interviews. It measures five elements of well-being (purpose, social, financial, community, physical) to understand the perception of citizens’ own well-being at individual, social network, organisational, city, state, country and global levels.
Determinant factors
Among the five elements, ‘purpose’ refers to liking what you do each day and being motivated to achieve your goals. ‘Social’ means having supportive relationships and love in your life. ‘Financial’ relates to managing your economic life to reduce stress and increase security. ‘Community’ implies liking where you live, feeling safe, and having pride in your community, and ‘physical’ covers good health and enough energy to get things done. Responses have been classified as ‘thriving’ (well-being that is strong and consistent), ‘struggling’ (well-being that is moderate or inconsistent), or ‘suffering’ (well-being that is low and inconsistent)
Lack of direction
In terms of ‘purpose’ well-being, 16 per cent of Indians are thriving, indicating that a majority of the population does not feel fulfilled in its day-to-day life. Notably, having a job makes little difference to the ‘purpose’ factor.
The proportion of Indians suffering in ‘social’ well-being is alarmingly high at 36 per cent. More significantly, 46 per cent of Indians 45 and older were suffering in this element versus 31 per cent of those under 45. This suggests that the older population is vulnerable to social isolation.
Only 23 per cent of the Indians are thriving in the ‘physical’ well-being category. Inconsistency in access to maternal healthcare, especially in the impoverished rural areas, is an ongoing health risk for many women.
Untapped resources
The survey advises Indian leaders to tap huge opportunities to improve the well-being of a large section of the population. There is a need to promote job growth and infrastructure development to adapt to rapid demographic and social changes. Else, Indians’ well-being will stagnate as large sections of the population is unable to participate in the formal economy and those at the bottom suffer.
(This article was published on September 16, 2014)
Related

Aging Chanderpaul sets new recordsMore
Chanderpaul, the scourge of Bangladesh
A stats review at the end of the second Test between West Indies and Bangladesh at Gros Islet
By Bishen Jeswant | ESPNcricinfo –  Wed 17 Sep, 2014 10:55 PM IST
Tweet
0
2 Shivnarine Chanderpaul is the second batsman - with a minimum qualification of three innings and 200-plus runs - to remain unbeaten in a Test series. He scored 270 runs from three innings in this series without being dismissed. Jacques Kallis, who made 388 runs from three innings against Zimbabwe in 2001, is the other.
145.9 Chanderpaul's batting average against Bangladesh, which is the highest for any batsman with at least 10 innings against a single country. There are five other batmen who average more than 100
Chanderpaul: the older, the better. against one opposition under the same constraints. Since 2012, Chanderpaul's batting average against Bangladesh is 624, with innings of 201*, 1, 150*, 85*, 84* and 101*.
11 Chanderpaul became the 11th batsman to score 30 Test hundreds. Among left-handed batsmen, only two others have more centuries - Kumar Sangakkara with 37 and Brian Lara with 34.
67.5 Chanderpaul's batting average since turning 35. Among batsmen who have played at least 20 innings after their 35th birthday, only three have a better batting average - Don Bradman with 105.72, Kumar Sangakkara with 70.53 and Eddie Paynter with 69.38.
1 West Indies have whitewashed only one team besides Bangladesh or Zimbabwe in Test series of two or more matches over the past 28 years. They blanked New Zealand 2-0 in 2012, which was also the only time they won back-to-back Tests against a top-eight side since 2001. Before 2012, West Indies last whitewashed an opposition in 1980 when they drubbed England 5-0
0 Bangladesh have never lasted 80 overs in the fourth innings of an away Test. The 77.4 overs that they played in St Lucia is their longest batting effort. They have played 80-plus overs in the fourth innings of home Tests on five occasions, never in a win though.
5 Suliemann Benn is the fifth West Indian spinner to take six or more five-wicket hauls. Shane Shillingford, Alf Valentine, Sonny Ramadhin and Lance Gibbs are the others.
3 Kraigg Brathwaite (63), Leon Johnson (66), Darren Bravo (46), Shivnarine Chanderpaul (84*) and Jerome Taylor (40) made it the third time West Indies have had five batsmen scoring 40-plus runs in an innings. They had accomplished this 22 times against India, which is a record for them against a single opposition, and 72 times in all .
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

At 9.81%  non-food credit growth slowest in a decadeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Infosys-Huawei to offer cloud-based projectsInfosys-Huawei to offer cloud-based projects
Nivedita Bhattacharjee     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:44 IST
Infosys  said it signed a global partnership with China's largest telecom equipment maker Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd to offer enterprise customers cloud, big data and communication solutions.
Huawei and Infosys will also provide other enterprise-oriented services to combine Huawei's cloud infrastructure and global IT service expertise from Infosys , the companies said in a statement.
Infosys, led by Chief Executive Vishal Sikka, has been planning to boost investment in cloud computing, smartphone apps and other new technologies to win more high-margin outsourcing contracts.
Huawei and Infosys will explore setting up a joint lab in China to enable better delivery in all areas of the partnership, the companies said.

Voting to permit Suzuki own Guj plant likely in Nov: MarutiSep 18, 2014, 04.20 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Voting to permit Suzuki own Guj plant likely in Nov: Maruti
The company needs 3/4th of the minority shareholders, who hold 44 percent stake, to approve the proposal through a special resolution.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Voting to permit Suzuki own Guj plant likely in Nov: Maruti
The company needs 3/4th of the minority shareholders, who hold 44 percent stake, to approve the proposal through a special resolution.
Post your opinion here
 
Maruti Suzuki India  today said voting by minority shareholders over its move to let parent Suzuki Motor Corp own and invest in Gujarat plant will likely happen in November instead of October as earlier envisaged.
"It is a long procedure and we have not been able to put all the things in place. So we won't be able to do it in October. It is highly probable that the voting will be in November," Maruti Suzuki India Chairman RC Bhargava said on the sidelines of a conference on Public Affairs here.
Earlier, at an Assocham conference, when asked about the shareholders nod in this regard Bhargava said: "We have not finalised that. October will not be possible. Time is not adequate for that". In March, under pressure from institutional investors, Maruti had decided to seek minority shareholders' approval after tweaking some of the earlier proposals for the controversial Gujarat plant.
The company needs 3/4th of the minority shareholders, who hold 44 percent stake, to approve the proposal through a special resolution.
Responding to a question on resignation of Mayank Pareek at the Assocham event, the chief operating officer (marketing and sales) of Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL), Bhargava said: "I am not sure why it is such a newsworthy story because senior colleagues have been leaving the company all the time… This is part of the way what happens in all companies".
Regarding the impact of Pareek's resignation on Maruti's shareholders, Bhargava said: "I think Maruti is not a company which is run by individuals. It is a company which is run by systems and processes. "It certainly would be incorrect to believe that shareholders invest because of persons. I think they invest because of what a company is and how it is run and what the systems are".
When asked on Pareek's replacement, Bhargava said: "I am sure the management will be looking for a replacement. I am not in the management. On Pareek's new assignment, he said: I don't know where Mr Pareek is going he has not told us about his new job"
Maruti Suzuki India's marketing and sales head Mayank Pareek yesterday quit the company after nearly 20 years of service at the country's largest carmaker.
Meanwhile, Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete who was also present at the Assocham event, assured his government's full support to the automotive industry and asked the sector to take advantage of Japan's technological expertise, especially in view of stronger Indo-Japan relations after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recent visit to that country.
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On November 21, 2014, Maruti Suzuki India closed at Rs 3348.80, up Rs 13.50, or 0.40 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 3397.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 1541.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 102.82 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 32.57. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.82.
RELATED NEWS

UBS upgrades Colgate-Palmolive  stock closes 2.28% higherUBS upgrades Colgate-Palmolive, stock closes 2.28% higher
Indulal PM        Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:42 IST
Photo: Reuters
Global financial services firm UBS has upgraded Colgate-Palmolive India to "buy" from "neutral", raising the target price to Rs 1,950 from Rs 1,800.
Reacting to the news, shares of the company jumped 1.6 per cent in early trade on Thursday. It closed 2.28 per cent higher on the BSE.
UBS said it is "positive about the brand" as urban consumers buy oral care products. It added that Colgate-Palmolive "has been ahead of the competition in the last one to two years."
The recent upgrade of Colgate-Palmolive India comes after Credit Suisse raised its outlook on the stock to "outperform" from "underperform".
(Reuters)

Xi more open-minded than Hu: Dalai Lamaconflict (general)
‘Chinese President can learn from India and its stable democracy’
The Tibetan spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, on Thursday hailed Chinese President Xi Jinping as “more open-minded” and “realistic” than his predecessor Hu Jintao.
Even as he suggested that Mr. Xi, who is on a three-day visit to India, take lessons from the host’s democratic credentials, the Dalai Lama felt Mr. Xi was more equipped to learn from India than Mr. Hu during his time.
When Mr. Hu visited India, the Dalai Lama said he had told him that he could “learn some experiences” from India.
“My hope is the same. But Xi Jinping is a more open-minded person. His approach is more realistic. So he can learn more things from India,” the Dalai Lama told journalists here, when asked to comment on Mr. Xi’s visit.
The Dalai Lama stated that the difference between India and China, the two most populous nations, was that India was a “harmonious” and “stable democracy” in spite of its cultural and linguistic diversities. He hoped that Mr. Xi would take his cue from this.
The Nobel Peace Prize winner was in the city to deliver an address at the 108th Foundation Day of Indian Merchants’ Chamber and its ladies’ wing.

Tata Capital Housing offers special schemeUpdated: September 18, 2014 23:23 IST
Tata Capital Housing offers special scheme
Special Correspondent
The Hindu Tata Capital Housing Finance Managing Director Vaithianathan Ramachandran at a press conference in Mumbai on Thursday. Photo: Paul Noronha
TOPICS
properties (general)
The scheme is valid till October 31
Given the government’s focus on affordable housing and the growth prospects that the segment offers, Tata Capital Housing Finance (TCHF), a subsidiary of Tata Capital, on Thursday, said it would focus on it and announced a special scheme for the segment.
“As against the current base rate of 10 per cent offered for home loans, we are offering a scheme, offering loans at a special interest rate of 9.75 per cent,’’ R. Vaithianathan, Managing Director, TCHF, told a press conference.
The scheme is valid till October 31 and properties falling under the classification of rural housing as per the National Housing Bank (NHB) guidelines will be offered home loans of up to Rs.15 lakh at 9.75 per cent.
Another sub-segment , ‘urban poor’ covers low income housing in urban areas for urban low income groups seeking loans up to Rs.10 lakh. Mr. Vaithianathan said the tenure of the loans will be 10-15 years.
“We will see the response to the scheme and if it is good, we will extend it.’’
Women have been included as co-applicants, “so delinquencies will be low and it acts as a means of women’s empowerment,’’ he said, adding that women need not be earning members.
“While demand for housing is growing at 15-16 per cent, affordable housing in India is growing at 20-22 per cent,’’ he added. Tata Capital financed affordable housing at individual level of Rs.300 crore last year, and this year it will touch Rs.600 crore.TCHF had a 60-member team with around 200 field staff. “We plan to triple this in the next two years as affordable housing requires a lot of field strength,’’ he said.
He said the TCHF’s total portfolio was at Rs.7,500 crore and the target was to grow at 30 per cent annually. “We hope to touch Rs.10,000 crore this year and Rs.18,000 crore in two years.’’
For funding, he said, the company hoped to raise around Rs.1,000 crore this year through private non-convertible debentures.

Maharashtra polls: Fresh trouble in BJP-Shiv Sena alliance over seat-sharingAnand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Tamil Nadu: Poll-related case trial against Alagiri to commence on October 274
0
Madurai: A court on Thursday fixed October 27 for commencement of trial in an assault case related to 2011 assembly polls against former union minister MK Alagiri and 20 others.
The court directed police to ensure the presence of all the accused on that day. Melur Magistrate KV Mahendraboopathy, noting that 11 of the 21 accused in the case were present in the court, asked about the absence of ten others, including Alagiri.
He then ordered that the trial would begin on October 27 and Alagiri and ten others should also be present on that day. The case related to alleged assault of the Election Officer/Tahsildhar Kalimuthu during the elections in 2011.
The court directed police to ensure the presence of all the accused on that day.
The accused have been charged with assaulting the election officer when he videographed a meeting held by Alagiri at a temple at Ambalakaran Patti in Melur to discuss election issues with local important persons.
2

Amit Shah slams Sharad Pawar on corruption  promises Shivaji era in MaharashtraSep 18, 2014 at 11:13pm IST
Amit Shah slams Sharad Pawar on corruption, promises Shivaji era in Maharashtra
6
0
Pune: Even as the deadlock over sharing of seats between Shiv Sena and his party for the Maharashtra Assembly elections continued, BJP president Amit Shah on Wednesday chose to train his guns on NCP chief Sharad Pawar, accusing him of "institutionalising corruption and destroying the system".
In a scathing attack on the 15-year-old Congress-NCP rule in the state, which he said witnessed deterioration of Maharashtra on all fronts, Shah alleged "Sharad Pawar institutionalised corruption and destroyed the system".
Addressing a rally of party workers here called "Sankalp Mela", the BJP chief said that "Pawar turned corruption into a norm" and brought shame to Maharashtra where greed of the ruling party leaders led to decline of the state which witnessed maximum number of suicide by farmers, a dwindling investment and insufficient infrastructure.
Addressing a rally of party workers here called "Sankalp Mela", the BJP chief said that "Pawar turned corruption into a norm".
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #bjp #ncp
Shah, earlier in the day at a rally in Kolhapur, had talked of an "honourable seat distribution formula" between BJP and Shiv Sena for the October 15 polls and appealed to the ally to respond positively to break the ice over the issue.
However, at the rally here, the BJP leader made just a passing and indirect reference to the ongoing tussle between the two saffron allies, who are together for over two decades. "There is confusion as to who will become Chief Minister. But BJP workers should not worry about this. The "Sangharsha Yatra" undertaken by (party MLA) Pankaja Munde showed people want BJP to win.
"All party workers should strive till the end to win elections and strengthen Prime Minister Modi's hands. Have faith in Modi and vote BJP to power to restore past glory of Maharashtra. We will adopt the administrative model of Shivaji Maharaj in the state", he added.
Shah, who welcomed MNS legislator Ram Kadam into BJP, derided Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan's statement expressing anguish over last month's incident in Solapur where he was booed by the gathering at a function addressed by Modi.
2

Shinzo Abe $35 bn  Xi Jinping $20 bnE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Fortified biscuits: Britannia bakes a plan for a healthy businessMP:Health&amp;Wellnes, Britannia Industries at the launch of Britannia Healthy Start.
Mumbai, September 18:  
In fortifying its biscuits with iron and other nutrients and vitamins, Britannia Industries sees the fulfilment of two of its goals — tackling nutrition issues in the country and building a sustainable business model.
Britannia’s interest in tackling malnutrition was a composite of three factors — the state and extent of child malnutrition in India, the company’s vision and credo, and the biscuit category it operates in. The company fortified its largest power brand Tiger with iron in April 2008.
“Iron in children’s diet is critical for both physical and mental development. In India, close to two-thirds of children under five years suffer from iron deficiency, and close to 50 per cent of school-going children suffer from the disorder,” says Ali Harris, Director-Marketing, Britannia Industries. Since children across the country enjoy biscuits, the company says it makes for an ideal fortification and effective delivery mechanism.
“The challenge was for the research and development (R&D) team to get the product right. It took us close to 16 trials to manage costs, taste and iron effectiveness,” he said, replying to queries on e-mail.
The R&D team at Britannia ensured that the cost of fortification was addressed through system efficiencies in handling costs, and was not passed on to the consumer. Currently, fortified products, including Tiger, MarieGold, Milk Bikis, and milk-based beverages and staples such as bread sell close to 3.5 billion units annually, and constitute 55 per cent of Britannia’s bakery volumes.
UN programme
It started with an order from the United Nations World Food Programme to make fortified biscuits, which sparked the idea of producing fortified biscuits for the domestic market. “Britannia’s association with the World Food Programme began in the early 2000s, and lasted until 2011. Over 32,000 tonnes of our Glucose product was supplied through this programme,” said Harris. Innovation has fuelled growth at the company. Stating that Britannia has been working with many non-government organisations (NGO) to supply specially formulated iron fortified biscuits to school-going children, Harris added: “Our desire is to reduce the prevalence of iron deficiency among children.
The efficacy of our iron-fortified product in bringing down anaemia has been validated both by in-house research as well by external agencies.”
He added that the company’s ongoing endeavour is to “align with NGO partners, who have a national or regional footprint to increase reach to at-risk children.”
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Changes to Mines and Minerals Act in next Parliament sessionChanges to Mines and Minerals Act in next Parliament session
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, September 18:  
Fresh amendments to the Mines and Minerals (Development & Regulation) Act 1957 and changes to relevant rules will be brought in before the next Parliament session, said Union Minister for Steel and Mines Narendra Singh Tomar.
Addressing the Federation of Indian Mineral Industries (FIMI) Mining Mazma meet, Tomar said the necessary amendment is being framed keeping in mind the Supreme Court rulings on iron ore mining and the Shah Commission findings.
The changes to the Act are expected to ease bottlenecks in the mining sector. Work is in progress on the draft, which will be made available to all State governments and other stakeholders in a week’s time, he added.
Tomar said his Ministry has held detailed discussions with the Orissa government and is now holding a series of meetings with Karnataka.
Long haul
In his address, Anup K Pujari, Union Mines Secretary, advised players in the sector to be patient while the changes are made.
“In mining if we need to bring in changes to the policy, it cannot be done overnight. You remember the MMDR Bill that was introduced in 2011? The groundwork was done several years prior to that. It took nearly a year and a half for Parliament to look into it. Unfortunately, before the Bill was debated, the Lok Sabha was dissolved.”
Explaining the need for amendments, Tomar said the sector was driven by greed and profit making. Now we plan to bring in the human element into it. “The proposed Bill will bring in a transparent and efficient system of allocation of leases, along with a robust regulatory framework that best serves nation’s interests,” he added.
The Ministry is working towards synergy between the Centre and Statest. “We would like to frame a transparent mining system for lease approval and auctions and efforts will be made in that direction,” he explained.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Markets gain the most since June on Fed comfortMarkets gain the most since June on Fed comfort
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 12:58 AM IST
Indian markets on Thursday posted their biggest single-day gains in more than three months, mainly buoyed by the US Federal Reserve’s decision of not increasing interest rates. Optimism over the country’s trade ties with China and short-covering by traders, who had earlier sold on fears of an unfavourable call by the US Fed, also aided the rally.
The BSE Sensex rose 480.92 points (1.81 per cent) from its previous close to end at 27,112.2, while the NSE Nifty gained 139.25 points (or 1.75 per cent) to 8,114.8. The respective gains for both indices were the biggest since June 2. By absolute gains in terms of points, the rally was the biggest since May 12.
“The market was worried about the outcome of the US Fed meet and its impact. Since that event risk is over, the market has rallied. Going ahead, there might be short-term corrections before other big event risks but the overall outlook for equities remains positive,” said Edelweiss Securities CEO Vikas Khemani.
On the final day of its policy meet, the US Fed had on Wednesday vowed to hold interest rates near zero for a “considerable time”. It, however, lowered its monthly bond-purchase programme by another $10 billion and stayed on course to end this stimulus next month.
“Fed has clarified there will be some gap between unwinding of its bond-buying programme and an interest rate increase. This, coupled with the Chinese President’s visit to India and a commitment of big investments, enthused the market,” said Dalton Capital Advisors Managing Director U R Bhat.
Buying was seen across the board, with nearly 50 of the BSE-500 stocks gaining five per cent or more. The broad-based BSE small-cap and mid-cap indices rose 1.83 per cent and 2.7 per cent, respectively.
There were nearly three stocks gaining for every one that declined.
Most global markets also reacted positively to the Fed move but their rallies were not as strong as the Indian bourses’.
Analysts are hopeful that the Indian economy will next year be in a better shape to absorb the shocks emanating from an interest rate increase in the US.
“The recent sharp decline in commodity prices augurs well for India’s macroeconomic situation and earnings. In general, the lower prices will offset inflationary pressures elsewhere and reduce India's current account and fiscal deficits,” Sanjeev Prasad, senior executive director & co-head, Kotak Institutional Equities, said in a note.
Market players said foreign fund flows into India were likely to stay strong, given the various stimulus packages announced in geographies like Europe and Japan to spur economic growth.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs), which have pumped a little more than $14 billion into Indian markets so far this year, have driven the nearly 30 per cent rally during the period. Among major global markets, India has been one of the biggest recipients of FII flows this year.
“Even if the US ends its stimulus programme, it is not much of a worry for India, as other regions like Europe and Japan continue to have loose monetary policy,” said Bhat.
All BSE sectoral indices gained on Thursday. Among index stocks, Hero MotoCorp gained the most (5.57 per cent), while DLF, Tata Motors and Larsen & Tourbo rose three per cent each.

Conservatives teach their kids religion  liberals teach their kids to think of othersWhat will they learn?(AP Photo/Richard Rodriguez)
SHARE
Sonali Kohli @Sonali_Kohli
September 18, 2014
Parents on both sides of the US political spectrum say that being responsible is the most important thing to teach children. And that’s pretty much where the similarities end. According to a Pew Research survey  out today, children of liberals are in for a lot of instruction about empathy, tolerance, and curiosity, while children of conservatives can count on a much more parental guidance regarding religion, work ethic, and manners.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The survey asked Americans about the importance of teaching various values to children. Most of the respondents said children should learn all 12 of these values. The numbers in the chart reflect what “consistently liberal” and “consistently conservative” people—the ones on opposite ends of the spectrum—identified as one of the three most important traits to pass on.
Liberals aren’t nearly as unified as conservatives in their approach to childrearing; among the traits they identified as being most important, none mustered a majority sentiment, while an emphasis on teaching responsibility and religious faith was shared by more than half the conservative respondents.
The stark contrast in the numbers for religion, empathy, curiosity, and tolerance might help explain why people grow up with such fierce differences of opinion, or why Congress never gets anything done.  Take heart, though—while America’s little ones might be destined for a life of partisan bickering, at least they are likely, regardless of their parents’ political stripes, to have been instructed to be responsible about it.
Share this:

American household finances have recovered  it just doesnt feel like itThat guy again. (Reuters/Mike Segar)
SHARE
Matt Phillips @MatthewPhillips
September 18, 2014
A nice rebound in asset prices has helped American households—at least in the aggregate—recover all of the wealth they lost during the Great Recession, according to the high-level quarterly statistics published by the Federal Reserve. The net worth of US households and nonprofit organizations rose to $81.49 trillion during the second quarter of 2014; that’s 18.3% higher than the pre-crisis peak $68.9 trillion in the second quarter of 2007.
And that’s not just inflation. Even in inflation-adjusted terms—using the price deflator index included in monthly personal consumptions expenditures data—household net worth is up 6.2% from the pre-crisis peak.
Share
Tap image to zoom
That would be terrific news if the US consisted of just one large household. Instead there are more than 115 million households. Obviously the net worth of all of them hasn’t increased at the same rate. The surge in household net worth was driven, in large part, by the remarkable rally in the US stock market. The market value of US equity shares hit $24.49 trillion during the second quarter, which is 49% higher than where the value of equities was during the second quarter of 2012.
The vast majority of corporate equities in the US are owned by relatively few affluent shareholders. So the surge in US stock prices has important distributive effects. In other words, even though overall US net worth has been bouncing back, the net worth of the most affluent households has been bouncing back far faster. The most recent iteration of the Federal Reserve’s triennial survey of consumer finances showed that pretty conclusively.
According to those numbers , average net worth among those in the top 10% of the wealth distribution saw their net worth rise 2%, to more than $3.3 million, between the surveys conducted in 2010 and 2013. The other 90% of the wealth distribution saw their average net worth decline in that time frame. For a better sense of how a typical family did between 2010 and 2013, look at the median family net worth numbers, which show that net worth fell 2% to $81,200.

Live: PM Modi s first international interview after assuming office21
0
Prime Minister Narendra Modi gave his first international interview since he assumed office in May to CNN's Fareed Zakaria.
Live Blog
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
8:23 am: Both India and US realise that their ties are in a much larger sphere: PM Modi #TheModiInterview
8:22 am: The Indo-US ties should not be seen within the limits of Delhi and Washington: PM Modi #TheModiInterview
8:20 am: There is an Indian in every part of the world: PM Modi #TheModiInterview
8:12 am: Confident that India and US will develop genuine strategic alliance: PM Modi
8:06 am: Indian Muslims will live for India, die for India: PM Modi
8:06 am: India and US are bound together by history and culture: PM Modi
8:05 am: Al Qaeda delusional to think India will dance to its tune: PM Modi
8:04 am: There has been a big change in the Indo-US relations in this century: PM Modi
8:04 am: There are many similarities between India and US: PM Modi
7

China not warlike  says Xi  as border standoff dominates India tripSep 19, 2014 at 07:42am IST
China not warlike, says Xi, as border standoff dominates India trip
13
0
New Delhi: China is not a warlike nation, President Xi Jinping said on Thursday, during a rare trip to neighbour India that was dominated by a standoff on a barren Himalayan plateau between soldiers from the world's two most populous nations.
Robust comments from Prime Minister Narendra Modi about the dispute in territory claimed by both Asian giants overshadowed Xi's pledge of $30 billion investments in South Asia over five years, including $20 billion in India.
"A warlike state, however big it may be, will eventually perish," Xi said in a speech, adding that China believed its neighbours were key to its well being.
Raising hopes for a new push to resolve their territorial differences, Modi called for an early border settlement with China.
#india #china #xi jinping #narendra modi
He said China was committed to the path of peaceful development, addressing concerns in Asia about Beijing's increasingly assertive territorial claims including in the South China Sea, a vital global trade route.
But the mood was stern when Modi and Xi emerged from a long meeting to address reporters soon after officials confirmed that soldiers had pulled back from their positions in a western Himalayan region claimed by India and China.
"I raised our serious concern over repeated incidents along the border," said Modi, with Xi sitting to his right.
"There should be peace in our relations and in the borders. If this happens, we can realise (the) true potential of our relations," added Modi, a nationalist elected in May partly on promises to build a more assertive India.
Dozens of soldiers from both sides had faced off on the Ladakh plateau for over a week in a dispute about infrastructure works near the de facto border, where the two countries fought a brief war in 1962.
Raising hopes for a new push to resolve their territorial differences, Modi called for an early border settlement with China. The two sides have held 17 rounds of border talks since the early 1990s without making significant progress. Modi has yet to appoint a special envoy to restart the talks.
"We have to address the boundary question very soon," Modi said, urging "clarification" of the Line of Actual Control - the frontline where fighting ended.
Quick progress may be elusive
In his comments, Xi played down the tensions and agreed with Modi that they should work to settle the border question, using language China has used in the past.
"Sometimes there might be certain incidents, but the two sides are fully capable of acting promptly to effectively manage the situation," he said.
Srikanth Kondapalli, a China watcher with Delhi's Jawaharlal Nehru University, said Modi's tough words were aimed at a domestic audience ahead of regional elections, including in Ladakh, a remote corner of Indian-administered Kashmir.
"As a nationalist, he stood his ground, but the fact of the matter is that he cannot control the other side," he said, saying fast progress on a permanent border fix was unlikely.
"Both sides have given a diplomatic but stiff response, both sides have said (the border) should be resolved early but there is no deadline."
Despite the tension, the two sides were able to agree on investments aimed at significantly upgrading their commercial relationship, with China pledging $20 billion over the next five years for industrial parks and infrastructure including railway technology.
That contrasts with just $400 million in Chinese investment in India over the last 14 years.
The leaders agreed to begin talks on cooperating in the nuclear power industry.
Xi said China would support India becoming a full member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, a regional security body that includes China and Russia. He also backed its aspiration to play a greater role at the United Nations, including on the Security Council.
Ambitious trade target
Modi is keen on Chinese investment to help balance $65 billion in annual trade that is heavily tilted in China's favour. Xi promised more access for India's pharmaceutical, farming and fuel products to China.
Xi also set a target to raise annual bilateral trade with South Asia to $150 billion in the next five years.
He arrived in India on Wednesday, visiting Modi's home state of Gujarat for a riverside dinner that also marked the prime minister's 64th birthday.
Kondapalli said the chemistry between the two men was good and set the stage for a more personalized relationship over the next few years.
"For the sake of stability, for the sake of economic relations ... this bodes well," he said.
One irritant for China is the presence in India of exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama, who has lived in the country since fleeing a failed uprising against Chinese rule of his homeland in 1959.
A government of exiled Tibetans and tens of thousands of refugees are also based in northern India.
About 20 supporters of a free Tibet, mainly women, protested within a few metres of the building in New Delhi where Modi and Xi met, waving Tibetan flags and shouting: "We want justice."
Police detained them after a few minutes.
Several other small pro-Tibet protests broke out across the city. Modi reiterated India's position that it will not allow "anti-China" activities from Tibetans in the country.
Speaking in India's financial centre, Mumbai, the Dalai Lama said Xi should use his visit to learn from the Indian experience of democratic rule, and learn democratic practices. He also linked the border flareups to Tibet, which stretches the length of the Chinese side of the border with India.
2

Express 5: Sena-BJP alliance in turmoil; young stars go to old masterWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 9:13 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. ALLIANCE IN TURMOIL:
The Shiv Sena has asked the BJP to take 119 seats out of 288 Assembly seats if it wants to continue the alliance. What is more shocking is that the Sena has indicated that within the 119 seats it should also include its smaller alliance partners.
2. IMPEACHMENT:
 
Over two months after the Centre sent back the collegium’s recommendation to transfer Karnataka HC Judge K L Manjunath to the Punjab and Haryana HC, a group of Lok Sabha MPs has started a signature campaign to initiate impeachment proceedings against him.
3. FROM SCOTLAND:
As referendum progressed, Scots’ ‘first town’ seemed to have decided.
An idyllic village with a population of just over 2,000, Gretna, unassuming and discreet amid the vast expense of barley crops, looks like any another north England village you’ve just left behind. Except, it is not north England. It is Scotland.
In Scottish village where lovers unite, watching a divided nation , a special report by Daksh Panwar
4. OPINION:
Of course, the US and China are as different as you can imagine. But, despite their power, they are, in distinctive ways, struggling to carry the world with them.
Two lonely powers by Pratap Bhanu Mehta
5. HAIL THE MASTER!
Following a disastrous English tour, where he averaged 13.40, Virat Kohli has flown down to Mumbai and sought out the man he replaced at No.4 in Tests — Sachin Tendulkar. Kohli had his first session with Tendulkar at the MCA-BKC Indoor Academy on Thursday.

Obama nominates Rahul  Richard  Verma as new US envoy to IndiaObama nominates Richard Verma as US ambassador to India
Reuters | Washington Sep 20, 2014 12:30 AM IST
President Barack Obama nominated former State Department official Richard Rahul Verma as US ambassador to India on Thursday, just ahead of a visit to Washington by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, a White House statement said.
Verma, an Indian-American, served as assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs at the State Department in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2011.
He is currently a senior counsellor at Steptoe & Johnson law firm and the Albright Stonebridge Group, a business advisory company, led by former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
White House officials said Verma has close relationships with Obama's White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough, National Security Adviser Susan Rice, and senior adviser John Podesta. He will be the first Indian-American to do the job.
If he is confirmed by Congress, Verma will replace Nancy Powell, who resigned in March after a damaging row over the treatment of a junior Indian diplomat, Devyani Khobragade, who was accused by authorities in New York of visa fraud and underpaying a domestic worker.
Khobragade was arrested and strip-searched in New York last year, an incident that took the US-India relationship to its lowest ebb in a decade.
The US Embassy in New Delhi is currently headed by a charge d'affaires, Kathleen Stephens.
Modi is due to visit Washington September 29-30 for a trip aimed at revitalising ties and clearing the air. Modi was denied a visa to the US in 2005, after communal riots in 2002 killed more than a thousand people in Gujarat when he was the chief minister of the state.
The US sees India as a natural ally on a range of issues and a potential counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia and is keen to expand relations across the board, particularly in the security sphere.
In 2010, Obama declared the US-India relationship would be “one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century,” but ties have so far failed to live up fully to this billing.
Some analysts have questioned whether an Indian-American would be the best choice as ambassador, given ambivalence among some in India about the diaspora in the US.
They have said it was important for the US to pick “a heavy-hitter” close to Obama to show it considered India a real strategic partner.
Verma’s association with Obama goes back to 2008, when he worked on presidential debate preparations for the then-Illinois senator. Verma's parents came to the US in the early 1960s having lived through India's fight for independence from Britain and partition, White House officials said.
With US lawmakers about to leave town to spend the next six weeks campaigning for the November 4 congressional elections, Verma will not be confirmed by the Senate before mid-November.
The Obama administration has been fighting with the Senate all year to get its nominees confirmed more quickly. There are currently dozens of nominees awaiting confirmation by the US Senate.
RETURN TO THE ROOTS
Verma is currently a senior counselor at Steptoe & Johnson law firm and the Albright Stonebridge Group, a business advisory company
 
If confirmed by US Congress, Verma will replace Nancy Powell, who had resigned in March
 
Verma’s association with Obama goes back to 2008, when he worked on presidential debate preparations for the then-Illinois senator
 

LIVE: Scotland appears to say No to independenceSupporters of the No campaign for the Scottish independence referendum celebrate after a result was announced at a No campaign event at a hotel in Glasgow, Scotland, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 9:38 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 1:44 pm
Scots on Friday rejected independence in a historic referendum and decided to remain in a 307-year-old union with the United Kingdom, in a relief to Prime Minister David Cameron.
With 30 out of Scotland’s 32 council areas having declared, the “No” side has an unbeatable lead of 1,877,252 votes to 1,512,688, official results confirmed today.
The winning total needed was 1,852,828 and nationally, the margin of victory is about 55 per cent to 45 per cent.
No supporters for the Scottish independence referendum celebrate the overall result at a No campaign event at an hotel in Glasgow, Scotland, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
This margin of victory is some three points greater than that anticipated by the final opinion polls.
The vote is the culmination of a two-year campaign and talks will now begin on devolving more powers to Scotland, which had joined the United Kingdom in 1707.
Glasgow, Scotland’s largest council area and the third largest city in Britain, voted in favour of independence by 194,779 to 169,347, with Dundee, West Dunbartonshire and North Lanarkshire also voting “Yes”.
But Edinburgh, the nation’s capital, rejected independence by 194,638 to 123,927, while Aberdeen City voted “No” by a margin of more than 20,000 votes.
Chief Counting Officer Mary Pitcaithly declares the result of the Scottish independence referendum in Edinburgh, Scotland, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
There have also been big wins for the pro-UK campaign in many other areas.
British Prime Minister David Cameron said: “I’ve spoken to Alistair Darling (head of the pro-UK Better Together campaign) – and congratulated him on a well-fought campaign.”
British Prime Minister David Cameron reads a statement to the media about Scotland’s referendum results, outside his official residence at 10 Downing Street in central London, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
He will make official statement on Scotland’s decision in a live televised address following the final result.
Deputy First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon told the BBC a no vote would be “a deep personal and political disappointment”.
“There is an appetite of change in Scotland, this country has changed forever,” he added.
After votes have been tallied, the chief counting officer, Mary Pitcaithly, in Edinburgh, is set to officially declare the result followed by a statement by Queen Elizabeth II.
No supporter Joanna Baxter from Ayrshire, second right, reacts to results in the Scottish independence referendum at the Marriott Hotel in Glasgow, Scotland as ballet papers are counted through the nigh Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
The people of Scotland had been queueing up to register their vote in the historic referendum yesterday to decide their future as part an independent country or the UK.
They had a simple “Yes” or “No” choice to the question: “Should Scotland be an independent country?”
Nearly 97 per cent of the electorate, adding up to 4,285,323 people, were registered to vote at 2,608 polling places across the country.

Data scientist sexiest jobs of the century | Why young turks are quitting jobsYou are here: Home > Collections > Scientists
Data scientist among the sexiest jobs of the century
Jayadevan PK & Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 09.13AM IST
Tags:
data scientist
(Data scientists are a rare…)
NEW DELHI: The title has been around for less than a decade, but already 'data scientist' is considered to be among the sexiest jobs of the 21st century. In India it is no different.
Data scientists — the term was coined in 2008 by DJ Patil and Jeff Hammerbacher — are a rare species being chased by startups and big technology companies alike for their ability to make sense of large and complex set of information. As a result, their salaries have shot through the roof and poaching is rampant. Take the case of S Anand, the chief data scientist at Hyderabad-based data visualisation and analytics company Gramener, for instance.
He was recently wooed by an ecommerce major with an offer that was hard to refuse. Luckily for his cofounder Naveen Gaddu, he was too passionate about their 50-people startup to leave. "At least one-two of my people get pinged on Linkedin every day on an average. Thankfully, they choose to stay," said Gaddu, the chief operating officer at Gramener.
The sudden prominence for data scientists highlight how startups and established players now need to comb huge volumes of data for information that is key to the success of an idea or business. Salaries for chief data scientists with over 10 years of experience in mathematics and statistics are regularly touching the Rs 1 crore mark.
Mobile commerce player Paytm is hiring a team of eight data scientists in Canada, paying on an average $250,000 (Rs 1.5 crore) each. "The team will look at the large amount of data we have from different angles. For instance fraud detection, upselling and such," said Vijay Shekhar Sharma, founder of One97 Communication which owns Paytm. "If a person paid Rs 60-70 lakh is offered Rs 1.2 crore, then no one in the marketplace will touch him for a while," said Gattu, chief operating officer at Gramener. At least four senior industry professionals said Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon and Walmart were among the companies waving fat pay packets at top data scientists.
For ecommerce companies, data scientists who can help them make better sense of their customers needs have become a top priority. "Data is a large asset that is often not used to its full potential in most organisations. There is a huge amount of technology investments that we can make in this area," said Amod Malviya, the chief technology officer of Flipkart.
The online retailer generates terabytes of data every day and is now building a data science lab that can help them sell better.
"The big technology trend is to make systems intelligent and data is the raw material," said Malviya, who declined to share specific salaries being offered by Flipkart. A chief data scientist, with about 10-15 years of experience using mathematical and statistical tools, earns about Rs 50 lakh on average annually.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex rangebound after smart rally; ONGC  L&T  TCS top gainersSensex rangebound; pharma, power, auto gain
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 09.56AM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(Nifty index also started…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex was moving in a range after a positive start led by gains in pharma, power and auto on the back of positive cues from Asian markets.
"The indices will hope to build on to Thursday's momentum. FII inflows are anticipated to be higher as ETF funds will up their investments given the rebalancing in the FTSE. 67 stocks have been added to the FTSE index while 23 stocks have been on the exclusion list. Three of the inclusions are Indian companies which are Motherson Sumi System, Eicher Motors and Aurobindo Pharma," said IIFL report.
At 09:35 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,160.45, up 48.24 points or 0.18 per cent. It touched a high of 27,189.73 and a low of 27,129.67 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8,138.15, up 23.40 points or 0.29 per cent. It touched a high of 8,145.80 and a low of 8,122.25 in early trade.
"It was a complete turnaround for our market as the Nifty surpassed the 8000 mark with an ease before anyone could realize it. Then the hourly '89 EMA' resistance level of 8030 was the only hurdle for the bulls, which immediately got conquered on the back of a strong momentum seen in most of the index heavyweights," said Angel Broking note.
"As a result, the Nifty went on to even cross the 8100 mark on a closing basis. Going forward, a sustainable move beyond the immediate resistance level of 8130 would open up the possibilities of a new all time high. On the flipside, 8080 - 8040 would now act as intraday support levels for the Nifty," the report added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.91 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.95 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Healthcare Index was up 0.77 per cent, the S&P BSE Power Index gained 0.85 per cent and the S&P BSE Auto Index rose 0.55 per cent.
Cipla (up 1.89 per cent), Tata Power (up 1.48 per cent), TCS (up 1.30 per cent), BHEL (up 1.29 per cent) and Hindalco (up 1.26 per cent) were among the Sensex gainers.
HUL (0.64 per cent), ITC (0.47 per cent), Reliance (0.45 per cent), M&M (0.30 per cent) and HDFC Bank (0.39 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 1,340 gainers against 455 losers.
The foreign institutional investors were net sellers worth Rs 9.57 crore and domestic institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 84.45 crore on Monday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
The Asian markets were witnessing buying action in trade today. The Nikkei 225 was up 1.75 per cent, Seoul Composite rose 0.51 per cent, Hang Seng was 0.35 per cent higher and Taiwan Weighted moved up 0.08 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Here are some stock trading ideas from VK SharmaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are some stock trading ideas from VK Sharma
Watch the interview of VK Sharma of HDFC Securities with Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here

Indian Muslims will live for India  die for India: PM ModiIndian Muslims will live for India  die for India: PM Modi
Money Market Operations as on September 18  2014Money Market Operations as on September 18  2014
Shares of Appu Marketing & Manufacturing get listedShares of Appu Marketing & Manufacturing get listed
Scottish Referendum Results Live:  No  Vote Leading Narrowly while Glasgow SaysScottish Referendum Results Live:  No  Vote Leading Narrowly while Glasgow Says
Sierra Leone stocks up for Ebola lockdownSierra Leone stocks up for Ebola lockdown
BJP never used the term  love jihad   says Sushil Kumar ModiE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Microsoft Corporation lays off 2 100  axes Silicon Valley researchE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Scotland referendum: Historic  No  vote set to crash independence party  results showE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Gloom gathers among Scotland independence campaignersGloom gathers among Scotland independence campaigners
By Mure Dickie in Edinburgh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/58fe9e46-3fb2-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wipro  Infosys enter list of top 5 Indian BPOsWipro, Infosys enter list of top 5 Indian BPOs
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Bangalore, September 18, 2014
First Published: 00:03 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:06 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
The Indian business process management (BPM) industry has seen a rejig with Wipro and Infosys entering the top five positions in 2013-14, according to Nasscom, the industry body for IT-BPM.
The industry grew by 16.6% year-on-year to $23.3 billion revenue (Rs 1,42,048 crore) in financial year 2013-14 and continues to be the world’s biggest business process outsourcing (BPO) centre, accounting for 38% of the $53-billion global off-shoring market.
The top three slots remained unchanged with Genpact, Tata Consultancy Service and Serco maintaining top three positions. Wipro replaced Essar group-controlled Aegis at fourth position while Infosys is at fifth. Nasscom announced the latest industry ranking at the two-day annual BPM strategy summit.
Aegis moved down to sixth after selling its US, Philippines and Costa Rica businesses to Teleperformance. First Source, WNS and EXL retained their seventh, eighth and tenth positions respectively while Hinduja Global Solutions rose to ninth position. Mphasis moved up from 15th to 11th slot. Mumbai-based Eclerx and Syntel entered the top 15 list while Aditya Birla Minacs (which was sold off) and Hero Management Service dropped out of the list.
“Going forward analytics will be one of the key growth drivers and the industry is focusing on that,” said Keshav Murugesh, CEO, WNS, who chairs Nasscom’s BPM council. “The global customers are focused on business outcomes and industry has started focusing on higher value services.”
The industry has set a target of achieving $50 billion revenue by 2020. The BPM industry currently employs about a million people and is expected to double that number in the next six years. More than 500 firms operate in the business process outsourcing space with top 15 accounting for 44% of the total revenue.
“Mergers and acquisition will be the key element of strategy and companies will look to buy firms to build fresh capabilities,” Murugesh said.

US Fed won t change rates now  to end bond-buyingComments
The US Federal Reserve on Wednesday announced it would end its bond-buying scheme in October, but will leave the interest where it is now, near zero, for “considerable time”.
The Fed will buy $15 billion worth of treasury and mortgage bonds in October, and then may end the scheme, which has been its chief weapon against the economic crisis starting 2008.
But because the economy was nearly not as robust as the Fed would have liked it to be, a decision on interest rate increase has been posted indefinitely in the future.
These announcements were made Wednesday at the end of a two-day meeting of the Fed's top officials.

Alibaba in talks with Snapdeal to enter India: ReportsComments
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba is in talks with online retailer Snapdeal to enter India, the Economic Times reported on Thursday, citing two people aware of the development.
Alibaba, whose shares are set to debut on the U.S. market on Friday in what could be the world's largest ever initial public offering, has discussed with Snapdeal a possible investment in the Indian company, but a decision has not been reached yet, the daily reported.
Snapdeal, in which Ratan Tata, the former chairman of salt-to-steel Tata conglomerate, holds a stake, is also attracting attention from Japan's largest e-commerce company Rakuten Inc and telecommunications firm SoftBank Corp, the report said, citing investment banking sources.
Snapdeal spokeswoman said the company does not comment on speculation, while Alibaba was not available for immediate comment when reached by Reuters.
Alibaba increased the price range on its initial public offering to $66 to $68 on Monday, reflecting strong demand from investors for the year's most anticipated debut.

Chinese President hopes to take strategic ties with India to a  higher planeChinese President hopes to take strategic ties with India to a 'higher plane'
PTI
President Pranab Mukherjee along with Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcoming President of the People’s Republic of China Xi Jinping and First Lady Peng Liyuan, during a ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan, in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: V. Sudershan
New Delhi, Sept 18:  
Chinese President Xi Jinping today hoped to take the strategic and cooperative partnerhip with India for peace and prosperity to a “higher plane” even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi raised the issue of Chinese incursions in Ladakh with the visiting leader.
Xi started the New Delhi leg of his three-day visit to India with a ceremonial reception being accorded to him at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan here this morning, a day after Modi unrolled a grand welcome for him on his home turf breaking from protocol, to set the stage for today’s summit talks.
The summit talks between Modi and Xi on the second day of latter’s visit began in Hyderabad House against the backdrop of Chinese and Indian troops being involved in a face-off along their border in the Ladakh region in Jammu and Kashmir.
“The summit meetings are occasion for leaders to raise all substantive issues having bearing on bilateral ties, The Prime Minister took the opportunity to raise the issue last night with the visiting dignitary,” MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said today responding to a query on the Chinese incursions.
The issue will be further raised by the Indian side today when the two leaders meet for a summit meeting, he said.
Chinese incursions
Modi, who hosted a private dinner for Xi in Ahmedabad after his arrival there on a three-day visit yesterday, conveyed India’s concern over the Chinese incursions, sources said.
In a brief interaction with reporters at the Rashtrapati Bhavan after being given a ceremonial guard of honour, Xi expressed the hope that China and India will take their strategic and cooperative partnership to a higher plane.
He said he had come to India with three goals which were aimed at strengthening the bilateral ties and building strong complementarity in the two economies.
Common development
Xi said the two countries can work with each other on common development for the benefit of people of both the countries.
“Through this visit, I hope to work with Indian leadership to build strong relations between China and India and to partner with each other to take our strategic and cooperative partnerhip for peace and prosperity to a higher level.
“We plan to partner with each other to take our strategic and cooperative partnership of peace and prosperity to a higher plane,” Xi said.
Before his summit talks, Xi also visited Raj Ghat, the samadhi of Mahatma Gandhi, to pay homage to the Father of Nation. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj also called on Xi.
Friendship
The Chinese leader said the first purpose of his visit is to carry forward the friendship between the two countries.
“China and India are both ancient civilisations with thousands of years of friendly interaction with each other. We also admire and respect each others’ civilisation.
“It is important that we translate the friendly contacts and make sure that we will follow what we promise each other,” Xi, who was flanked by President Pranab Mukherjee and Modi, told reporters.
Cooperation
Xi said his second goal is to deepen the cooperation.
“Both China and India are emerging markets. It is important that we increase cooperation so that the people of China and India are benefited from it.“
The two countries, he said, should also focus on core areas.
Development
The visiting President said that his third goal is to pursue development together as both the countries had development as their priority.
”....It is important that we deepen our relationship and develop a close developmental partnership,” he said.
“We are also two important forces in increasingly multi-polar world. Therefore, our relationship has strategic and global significance,” he said.
Receiving the Chinese President, Mukherjee introduced him to the Union Cabinet.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Peng Liyuan to meet women ministers in Modi govtPeng Liyuan to meet women cabinet ministers in Modi government
Vasudha Venugopal, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 05.11AM IST
Tags:
China President Xi's India Visit
NEW DELHI: As Chinese President Xi Jinping gets down to serious business on the second day of his India tour on Thursday, his wife Peng Liyuan , a popular singer and Chinese folklore artist, will interact with students of a school in the national capital and teach them calligraphy.
The visit is entirely nonpolitical, said Preeti Chadha, director (international relations), Tagore International School. "We have heard that Ms Peng is an exceptional artist and we are thrilled to welcome her," she said. Students of the school have been learning Chinese for the last two years with the help of teachers from a school in Shanghai. The first lady, who has appeared in many of China's state-run television programmes extolling stories of China's rise, is expected to teach the students a few things about her art. Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao had also visited the school in 2010.
51-year-old Liyuan is nearly a decade younger to the president whom she has been married to for 25 years. It is said that Liyuan was already a star singer when she met him, a mid-level official then. Nicknamed the 'Peony Fairy' because she hailed from the Shandong province that is known for its peony flowers, Peng is said to have joined the army when she was 18 and went on to become popular as an entertainer approved by the Communist Party, appearing frequently on state television to perform propaganda songs.
Known as the "outstanding songbird of the century," she was one of the first Chinese to get a master of arts in folk music in the 80s and has performed in more than 50 countries. Peng also starred in a performance in 2007 in honour of the army that took over Tibet. During her stay in India, Peng is expected to meet women cabinet ministers. She could be taking part in children related activities besides visiting famous cultural and historic spots.
Liyuan had hosted her US counterpart Michelle Obama and her family for a week during the family's visit to promote good US-China ties early this year. She is often compared to Michelle Obama for her sharp sense of style, prominence on the global stage and interests in issues such as health and education.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LIC to make Ulip comeback amid surge in equities : SK Roy  Chairmaninsurance
(The re-launch of Ulips by…)
MUMBAI: The country's largest investment institution, Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), could exceed this year's projection of Rs 55,000 crore for buying stocks as it readies the ground to re-enter the market for unit-linked insurance products, or Ulips, with the upsurge in equities.
Speaking to ET, LIC chairman SK Roy said, "We are very clear that we want to be in the Ulip market. But we are not sure what is the right time to enter." He said that the insurer is working on Ulip products which will be launched with some new features.
Analysts said that the surge in stocks after the national polls in May this year has also prompted LIC to launch Ulip. The re-launch of Ulips by LIC comes a few years after investors shunned this product in the wake of huge losses reported by many insurers which offered the product after the stock markets plummeted. Insurance companies came under fire for what was perceived to be a misleading sales pitch during the past five years.
Distributors pushed the product during the equity boom five years ago, thanks to high commissions. But following a public spat between the securities market regulator Securities & Exchange Board of India and insurance regulatory Development Authority ( Irda ) on oversight of Ulip norms were tightened, prompting many insurers to stop offering the investment product. Private life insurers are dominant players in the Ulip market.
Data released by ratings agency Icra shows that for private insurers, the share of Ulips in their as AUM was 67% against 7.8% for LIC at the end of March 2013.
"Ulip, by nature, is highly sensitive to perception. And perception depends on returns and returns, in turn, depend on timing. So when a Ulip is launched that determines the performance of the product and that will determine the perception about that product," Roy said. "There are instances in LIC's 10-year history, when we have come out with Ulips in a gap of a few months and NAVs are sharply different because it was a question of timing," he added.
Data from Icra shows that LIC has a portfolio of Rs 1.1 lakh crore of Ulips in its total AUM of Rs 14 lakh crore. "It is a better product compared to the past few years due to changes in product guidelines wherein surrender charges and commissions have been lowered," said Karthik Srinivasan, senior vice-president & co-head financial sector ratings at Icra.
The LIC chairman said that LIC has already invested nearly half of what it had projected at the start of the year for the full fiscal year. "Nearly half the year is over and we feel that we should cross Rs 55,000 crore this year," Roy said. But FIIs remain dominant players in the Indian equities market with an investment of Rs 63,580 crore this fiscal year so far against roughly Rs 28,000 crore by LIC. Investments by domestic mutual funds in equities aggregated. Rs 12,456 crore during this period.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Devices  apps act like one under Apple s new software iOS 8Devices, apps act like one under Apple's new software iOS 8
By AP | 18 Sep, 2014, 10.04AM IST
The free update is available to owners of iPhone and iPad models going back to 2011, though older devices won't get all the new features.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: The scores of new features in Apple's software update for mobile devices can be boiled down to one word: unity.
Many iPhone owners also have iPads and Mac computers, and family members are likely to have Apple devices, too. With the new iOS 8 software for iPhones and iPads, those devices start to act like one. Apps on those devices start to unite, too.
Google's Android software can't compete with iOS' evolving unity because so many different companies manufacture Android devices, and each adds its own variables. Apple knows what goes into the few products it makes and can break down the walls between them.
The free update is available to owners of iPhone and iPad models going back to 2011, though older devices won't get all the new features. The new software will also come with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which come out Friday.
Here's a look at those "unity" features and why iOS 8 is worth installing:
You can start tasks on one device and finish on another
Let's say you're typing an email reply on your iPhone when you realize the message will be quite lengthy. You can pick up your iPad and finish there. With the upcoming Yosemite update for Mac computers, liking coming next month, you'll be able to use the Mac's physical keyboard, too.
Picking up a task on a second device is easy. Just slide up the small app icon on that device's lock screen, be it an iPhone or an iPad. On Macs with Yosemite, click the icon on the bottom left.
For now, this capability is limited to a handful of apps, including Apple's Maps, Calendar, Mail, Messages and the Safari Web browser. And when you try to open a Web page on a second device, you still have to scroll down to where you were. With Maps, on the other hand, it takes me to the location I was viewing on the other device.
This feature, known as Handoff, will be more useful once outside developers take advantage of it. LG and Samsung have offered similar integration of their phones and tablets, but neither does it as extensively.
You'll be able to use your iPad or Mac to send texts or make phone calls
Currently, you can send text-like messages from iPads and Macs with the Messages app, but the recipient also needs Messages. That excludes Android users. With iOS 8, those iPad and Mac messages will get relayed through the iPhone, so you can reach any other phone. The texting capabilities won't be coming until next month, though.
What you can do now is use the iPad and the Mac to make and receive calls. The devices have to be on the same Wi-Fi network, so this won't help if you left your phone at work. But it's useful if the phone is charging in another room. Call quality was about what I'd expect from a speakerphone.
You'll be able to do more without switching from app to app
If a text message comes in as you're browsing the Web, you can pull down the notification and reply right there. You don't need to leave the Web browser and launch Messages first. You can also delete an email or accept a calendar invite that way.
There are some limitations, though: You get only one reply for text messages. You then have to wait for another message to come in or open the full app. With email, you can mark a message as read or delete it, but you can't reply. Like Handoff, this will be more useful once more apps take advantage of it and let you do more.
Meanwhile, if you're chatting with a bunch of friends, you can see their locations (as long as they've shared it) without having to leave Messages to open a separate Find My Friends app.
Members of the same households can share calendars and music more easily
You pick up to five family members to join your network, for a total of six. These need to be people you trust, as they'll be using your credit card to make purchases. You can require approval for purchases, such as for kids' accounts.
Family members will be able to share each other's books, music, video and apps, so Mom, Dad and Junior won't need to buy separate copies of the "Frozen" movie. A family calendar and a shared photo album also get set up. The individual still gets to decide which photos and videos show up there for other family members to see.
And there's more ...
The walls between Apple apps and third-party apps are breaking down. For example, outside developers will be able to use Apple's fingerprint authentication system with iOS 8. Before, it was limited to a few Apple services.
Beyond these "unity" features, owners of the new iPhones will be able to pay for goods simply by holding their device near a credit card terminal at retail stores. All iOS 8 users get quicker ways to type messages and reach favorite and recent contacts.
Although you don't need to rush out to upgrade your devices right away, it'll eventually be worthwhile to do so, especially if you have a recent device or multiple Apple devices. While last year's iOS 7 offered cosmetic changes and new gesture controls, this year's update comes with plenty of new functionality.

Gold imports may jump 50 per cent  premiums to doubleGold imports seen jumping, premiums likely to double on festive buying
Meenakshi Sharma     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 14:21 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
India's monthly gold imports are set to rise by as much 50 per cent from current levels while premiums could almost double as the country gears up for a surge in demand ahead of the year-end festivities and wedding season.
More purchases by the world's No.2 gold consumer after China could help support global bullion prices, which are mired near an eight-and-a-half-month-low of $1,216.01 per ounce amid fears a faster hike in US interest rates would dent its appeal as a hedge against inflation.
Gold futures in the country are trading at Rs 26,734 ($437.58) per 10 grams, down over 10 per cent on the year.
"Gold imports are expected to rise to about 70-75 tonnes per month in the coming months as against a monthly average of 50-60 tonnes," said Prithviraj Kothari, vice-president of the India Bullion & Jewellers' Association.
Gold sales are expected to rise by 15 per cent to 20 per cent this festive season from year-ago levels, said Bachhraj Bamalwa, director of the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation.
Next month Indians will celebrate Dhanteras, associated with Lakshmi - the goddess of wealth, when buying gold is considered auspicious, followed by the festival of lights Diwali and then the wedding season that will extend into early next year.
Weak prices will further lure buyers, traders said.
But the stronger demand could squeeze supplies in the domestic market and push up local prices.
"In the short-term, gold prices are expected to rise to 28,500 rupees per 10 grams," said Kothari.
Indian gold premiums to the global benchmark are also expected to jump to about $12-$15 an ounce, from the current $7-$10 an ounce, industry officials said.
Total 2014 imports are, however, likely to fall to about 700-750 tonnes from 900 tonnes a year ago because of thin arrivals earlier this year, said Kothari, helping to keep a lid on the country's current account deficit.
Last year, a ballooning deficit prompted India to put curbs on gold imports, including a 10 per cent duty. While the government has allowed private jewellery exporters to import again, it is reluctant to lower the duty.
Jewellery forms a big part of Indian gold demand, accounting for about 75 per cent of the total in the second quarter, World Gold Council data showed. India's investment demand for gold slumped 67 per cent on year in the June quarter.
"The likely rise in demand is not expected to hurt the country's deficit because gold imports are under control and international prices are also lower," said Kothari.
(Additional reporting by A. Ananthalakshmi in Singapore)
- Reuters

Apple iOS 8: Why the software is worth installingApple's new software iOS 8: Why it is worth installing
18 Sep, 2014
Tweet
By: Anick Jesdanun, AP Technology Writer
The scores of new features in Apple's software update for mobile devices can be boiled down to one word: unity.
Many iPhone owners also have iPads and Mac computers, and family members are likely to have Apple devices, too. With the new iOS 8 software for iPhones and iPads, those devices start to act like one. Apps on those devices start to unite, too.

Ikea scouting for space in Delhi  Blore  Mumbai  HyderabadIkea scouting for space in Delhi, B’lore, Mumbai, Hyderabad
PTI  Mumbai, September 18, 2014
First Published: 01:33 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:15 IST(18/9/2014)
Comments
Swedish furniture retailer Ikea is scouting for locations in four cities — New Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad — to open its outlets, a top company official said on Wednesday.
The company received approval from the Foreign Investment Promotion Board in November 2012 to invest Rs. 10,500 crore over a decade, with plans to open 25 stores. A typical Ikea store will be around 350,000 square feet and the company will invest Rs. 500 crore on each of them.
“We are in conversations in various cities and the biggest priority for us is Delhi, Bangalore, Mumbai, Hyderabad and we will follow with more,” Juvencio Maeztu, CEO, Ikea India, said on the sidelines of the India Retail Forum.
Maeztu and other senior executives had met officials from the Telangana government in July, in connection with a store in Hyderabad. However, Maeztu said it was still not certain that the first store will open there. A source said that the first store is likely to open in Bangalore and it would take about two years.
Officials said identifying key locations is time consuming, given the huge size of real estate. “Its about metro connection, highway accessibility, it requires a long-term process to really feel confident that everything is right,” Maeztu said.

RJD MP Pappu Yadav launches drive against doctors  IMA protestsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Non-life insurance space to have innovative products soonNon-life insurance space to have innovative products soon
M Saraswathy | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 12:46 AM IST
Customers might soon see specific general insurance products suited to their profession, income-bracket, age and need, if the recommendations of the Working Group on File & Use guidelines for the non-life sector is accepted by the  Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda).
The working group has said general insurers can launch a product for a short period in a defined pilot area with defined exposure limits on a pilot basis after informing Irda. After gaining experience on the product, they might finalise the product and take it through approval process depending upon whether it is a retail product or commercial.
Rakesh Jain, CEO of Reliance General Insurance, said from a use-and-file perspective, insurers will be enabled to offer customised products for different individuals rather than generic products.
The industry had been recommending a use-and-file system for some product types to co-exist with file-and-use system so that they could respond to customer requirements faster under a use-and-file system. The working group, after considerable deliberations on the subject, has recommended a use-and-file system for commercial products. Retail products will continue to be governed by file and use.
The current file-and-use system requires all products to be filed with Irda before these can be used. The working group report said the process of developing innovative products requires experimentation, testing, refinement and finalisation, but the current system does not afford this freedom of testing and refinement and jumps from experimentation to finalisation.
In April 2014, Irda had set up a working group to review the file-and-use norms for the general insurance industry. The regulator said these norms that have been followed since the past eight years, insurers have filed various products as well as add-ons and most of them have been approved by them.
Insurers indicated that product meant for specific risk profiles after assessing the individual customers would also be launched.
Though insurance companies do market testing across different segments before a new product is launched, officially companies are not allowed to launch pilot products.
Sector experts said this would enable insurers to test the market beforehand, so that they do not burn their fingers launching a product that is a misfit.
Having a product management committee as envisaged by the working group will ensure that the adequate due diligence is done before any product is sent for approval, with respect to its features, usability and pricing, said a senior non-life industry executive.
Amarnath Ananthanarayanan, CEO and MD, Bharti AXA General Insurance, explained that pilots should be allowed for specific geographies, since India is a diverse market. “A product launched as a pilot in north India may not be representative of the entire country. We are hoping that we are allowed to launch products in a few states pan India,” he added.
In order to bring a more structured approach to the process, which takes into account the interests of all stakeholders of an insurance product, the working group has recommended the creation of a board-led product management committee.
The role of product management committee will be akin to the role of a regulator within an insurer. The committee affords an internal self-regulatory mechanism that will create appropriate structures and processes for effectively managing the operations in the entire product life-cycle. All products either under file-and-use or use-and-file will be approved by the committee.
Products under file-and-use will be sent to Irda after the committee’s approval for regulatory approval process, while products under use-and-file might be sold by an insurer after the committee’s approval under information to Irda.
The working group's report said it is expected that Irda should revert with its observations on the products under file-and-use within 30 days of receipt of product filing, failing which insurers might be free to sell the product. Though the insurance regulations had talked about product approvals under 30 days, in practice there have been delays due to various causes. Jain of Reliance General Insurance added the 30-day approval will help Irda to have a time frame to revert to insurers.
At present, insurance companies have classified products as retail and commercial products. Retail products that are primarily designed for retail customers and commercial products that are primarily designed for customers other than individuals and includes firms, companies, trusts, associations, societies, government, etc.
Ananthanarayanan further said under the use-and-file guidelines, there is no clarity on whether it would mean flexibility in tariff. He said the exact meaning of the terminology should be clarified by the regulator.
 
It would also become easier to track products since the working group has recommended a Unique Identification Number (UIN). UIN is proposed to be allotted through an automatic online process and will be a unique number for each company, each product and each add on cover.
 
Under the existing file and use system, any product approval is valid till eternity. This is proposed to be changed and it is recommended that products once approved under any of the approval systems will remain valid for 5 years after which they will have to be filed again. The underwriting of a private general insurance company said that with changing market dynamics, it is not viable to have one product existing for several years and hence insurers would have the product segmented out every three years.

Obama nominates Richard Verma as US envoy to...Albright Stonebridge Group
(Verma, an India-American,…)
WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama today nominated Indian-American, Richard Rahul Verma, as the next US Ambassador to India, ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Washington later this month.
If confirmed by the US Senate, Verma, who earlier served as the Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs and is now in the private sector, would be the first Indian-American to serve as the top US diplomat in New Delhi.
Obama announced his nomination along with several other key administration appointments.
"I am grateful that these impressive individuals have chosen to dedicate their talents to serving the American people at this important time for our country. I look forward to working with them in the months and years ahead," Obama said in a statement.
The US Embassy in New Delhi is currently headed by a Charge d'affaires, Kathleen Stephens.
Verma, 45, said to be a close confidant of the President and also former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, currently serves as Senior Counselor at Steptoe & Johnson LLP and Albright Stonebridge Group . He is also a Senior National Security Fellow at the Center for American Progress.
Previously, he was Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs at the Department of State from 2009 to 2011 and Partner at Steptoe and Johnson LLP from 2007 to 2009.
He was Senior National Security Advisor, Counsel and Foreign Policy Advisor to the Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid from 2002 to 2007, and an Associate at Steptoe & Johnson from 1998 to 2002.
Verma served on active duty in the US Air Force from 1994 to 1998 and received, among other decorations, the Meritorious Service Medal and Air Force Commendation Medal.
Earlier in his career, Verma was a Field Representative for the National Democratic Institute in Eastern Europe and worked in the House of Representatives for Congressman John P Murtha.
He served on the Commission on the Prevention of Weapons of Mass Destruction, Proliferation and Terrorism in 2008 and has been a member of the Secretary of State's Foreign Affairs Policy Board.
Verma currently serves on the boards of Human Rights First, the Clinton Foundation, and the National Democratic Institute. He received a BS from Lehigh University, a JD from American University, and an LLM from Georgetown University Law Center.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Assembly polls: Shiv Sena defies ultimatum  offers BJP only 119 seatsComments
The race to capture power in Maharashtra has strained relations between partners in one of the oldest political alliances in India.
A file photo of Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray at his Matoshree residence in Mumbai. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
After the BJP’s national president Amit Shah publicly asked the Shiv Sena on Thursday to be mindful of his party’s self-respect in sharing seats for the October 15 Assembly polls, his party colleagues told the Sena to take a decision immediately. In a late night move, the Sena once again offered the BJP 119 seats, the same as in 2009, out of which it would have to allot 8 seats to smaller allies. The BJP core committee in the state is meeting on Friday morning to decide on its response.
Read: Silent on Sena, Shah urges workers to bring BJP to power
Earlier in the day, Sena leaders had said they did not acknowledge any such ‘ultimatum’ and that things would happen only according to the wishes of their party chief  Uddhav Thackeray. At a meeting Thackeray called at his residence in the evening, the party top brass authorised him to decide the fate of the alliance.
On Wednesday, Shah had told state BJP leaders to demand more seats from the Sena. In political circles, his message is seen as an ultimatum to the Sena. His statements at a public rally in Kolhapur on Thursday morning were a reiteration of the BJP’s stand that it does not consider the Sena the big brother in the saffron alliance in Maharashtra.
 
Unfazed, the Sena is playing hardball. Thackeray, who was reportedly called up by the BJP poll in-charge Om Mathur – the day and time could not be confirmed independently -- went into a huddle with his party’s senior leaders on Thursday evening.
“The tension in the saffron alliance was visible though leaders from both sides were admitting in private that they would have to stick together to win the assembly polls.
Read: Onus on Sena to solve seat-sharing row, says Shah
 
“No one can issue us any ultimatum. We want the alliance to continue but sentiments of Maharashtra should be respected while sharing seats. The agreement should be done according to the wishes of (the late) Balasaheb (Thackeray),” Sena MP Sanjay Raut said after the leaders’ meeting with Thackeray. He said the final decision would be taken by Thackeray.
The BJP — demanding an equal share of the state’s 288 assembly seats citing the Lok Sabha polls where it won 23 seats to the Sena’s 18 — suspended talks with its ally last weekend after Thackeray questioned the impact of the Modi wave in the election. In 2009, the Sena had contested 169 seats and the BJP 119, winning 44 and 46, respectively.
BJP insiders said they were prepared to snap ties if the Sena remained adamant. Their confidence stems from the fact that despite contesting fewer seats, their strike rate — percentage of seats won among those contested—in the Assembly polls has been better than the Sena’s since 1995, the year the two came to power for the first time. Earlier this year, the BJP lead in 133 Assembly segments of the 24 Lok Sabha seats it contested in the state. “Going by this data, we may win more than what we won in the past 25 years. We won 65 out of 115 contested in 1995, our highest so far, and the Sena won 73 out of 169 it contested,” said a senior BJP leader requesting anonymity.
Earlier in the day, Shah indicated that the BJP was willing to stay with the Sena. “We (the BJP) have taken two steps forward, the other people [the Sena] should also move a step forward and resolve the issue quickly to begin the movement for transformation of Maharashtra,” he said at his Kolhapur rally.
However, Shah loaded his statement with a warning to the Sena. He said there would be no compromise at the cost of self-respect. “The (BJP state) leaders told me that they were making sincere efforts but there was no response [from the Sena],” he said, adding that the BJP was going to rule the state this time. As the day progressed, Shah hardened his stance. He did not mention the Sena in the two speeches he made later in Chondhi (Ahmednagar) and Pune. He appealed to the people to vote for the BJP.
Read: Shah shrugs off loss, says rivals have grown wings
BJP’s general secretary in-charge Rajiv Pratap Rudy expected the Sena to respond soon. “We hope things will come through properly,” he told media persons at the party’s Nariman Point office. Sources said the BJP was still willing to save the alliance by stepping down from its demand for equal share in the 288 seats on a condition that the Sena concedes maximum seats for smaller allies from its own quota. The BJP is seen as on a shaky ground in view of a poor show in the assembly bypolls in other states.

Fed rate hikes may come sooner than expectedE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

RBI guidelines pay off  CDR cell gets just 1 referral in AugE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

5 takeaways from Xi s India visit | First tough talk in decades by India | CoverageFive big takeaways from Xi Jinping’s visit to India
Sep 19, 2014, 07.05AM IST
Tags:
(The most significant one…)
By Dr Srikanth Kondapalli
China's President Xi Jinping's visit to India this week will go down the history in five major aspects. Firstly, there were many unprecedented departures from the past in these interactions. Prime Minister Narendra Modi receiving Xi at Ahmadabad signifies the onset of regional diplomacy in India. Possibly for the first time, agreements were signed at the regional (Gujarat state) level on sister cities, sister states and development related issues. This has been the trend recently after Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh and other states pushed the envelope of diplomacy by engaging — in the economic field — with others.
Yesterday's agreement further legitimizes this process of regional state's outreach. Also, resembling the California meeting between Presidents Xi and Obama in June 2013 that yielded a "new type of major power relations" for the two, the interactions in Ahmadabad were conducted in a very informal manner with possibly very few formal issues coming up on the agenda.
Unlike his predecessors Jiang Zemin and Hu Jintao, Xi and his wife Peng Liyuan have shown remarkable flexibility and were at ease during the Sabarmati River side events. It is said that both Jiang and Hu were very stiff during their interactions not only with domestic actors but with foreign leaders as well. Hu is also known never to have publicly interacted with children. In contrast was a recent photo of Xi meeting his mother on her birthday. During the Sabarmati trip, Xi displayed flexibility by squatting at the Mahatma's floor, trying his hand at charkha, sitting along with Peng on a jhoola, etc.
Secondly, China and India interactions indicated the tough bargaining at Hyderabad House and both Modi and Xi expressed strong opinions on economic, territorial dispute and other issues. While China was the first to reach out to Modi after his elections — reflected in Premier Li Keqiang's phone call in May, foreign minister Wang Yi's visit in June and the BRICS interaction on July 14 — China's diplomatic initiatives faced a challenge as Maritime Silk Road was not endorsed; Bangladesh-India-China Myanmar Economic corridor was conditionally accepted provided it ensures "peaceful, stable and cooperative environment". India also did not receive $100-300 billion from China in investments.
Thirdly, China finally opened up its money bags to India, although just a trickle at $20 billion in investments in the next five years. While for the last four years Indian leaders have been complaining about the burgeoning trade deficits (with which India lost $169 billion in trade deficits to China between 2007 and 2013) and non-opening of China's economy to Indian products, etc, the agreements suggest to some breakthrough, although we need to monitor the progress.
  Fourthly, Indian leaders stood their ground on the territorial dispute, visas, river waters and the like. Modi stated in his media interaction to the conditional normalisation of relations with China thus: "a climate of mutual trust and confidence; respect for each other's sensitivities and concerns; and, peace and stability in our relations and along our borders are essential for us to realise the enormous potential in our relations". In the light of the increasing border transgressions at Chumar and other areas, this signalling from India is significant.
Most significant of all the above, however, is the emerging personal chemistry between the two leaders of two rising Asian countries. The Ahmadabad outing and discussion at Delhi between Modi and Xi are useful and are of long-term significance and will have a definite bearing on the stability in relations in years to come. As two credible nuclear powers, these personal interactions are necessary. This is important for the long-term economic development of both the countries.
The personal rapport and chemistry that developed in this Modi-guided tour at Ahmadabad should be reflected in certain intangibles in the bilateral relations for at least the next five to ten years of Modi-Xi tenures.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sterling gains as Scottish results trickle inS&P 500 retreats from record high
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17efbb1a-3f9e-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nepal okays India s GMR plan for $1.4bn hydroelectric plantSep 19, 2014, 08.18 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Nepal okays India's GMR plan for $1.4bn hydroelectric plant
The Nepalese government agreed to allow GMR in 2008 to construct the 900-megawatt Upper Karnali hydroelectric power plant in the northwest.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nepal okays India's GMR plan for $1.4bn hydroelectric plant
The Nepalese government agreed to allow GMR in 2008 to construct the 900-megawatt Upper Karnali hydroelectric power plant in the northwest.
Post your opinion here
 
Nepal’s centre-left cabinet on Thursday cleared the way for Indian firm GMR to build a USD 1.4 billion hydroelectric plant in the northwest of the country, a cabinet minister said, the Himalayan republic's biggest foreign investment scheme.
The Nepalese government agreed to allow GMR in 2008 to construct the 900-megawatt Upper Karnali hydroelectric power plant in the northwest.
But the project was delayed as the nascent republic was mired in instability with six government changes in as many years. Political parties also demanded greater benefits for Nepal from the scheme that is mainly aimed at exporting electricity to power-hungry India.
Law Minister Narahari Acharya said a cabinet meeting had approved the draft of an agreement to be signed with the Indian company. "This approval will open the way for different foreign investment projects that are in the pipeline to move ahead," Acharya told Reuters after a cabinet meeting.
"Concerns shown by different parties about the benefits from the project have been addressed as far as possible," he said.
Officials said GMR and another Indian firm, Satluj Vidyut Nigam, plan to construct other hydroelectric plants in Nepal with a potential to generate up to 42,000 megawatts of electricity.
China’s Three Gorges International Corp, is also in talks with Investment Board Nepal to build a USD 1.6 billion dam to generate 750 megawatts of electricity on the West Seti River in the same area, as Beijing competes with New Delhi for influence in Nepal.
The GMR plant, set for completion in 2021, will provide 12 percent energy free to Nepal to ease a crippling power shortage and help its economy emerge from a decade-long civil war that scared away investors and slowed infrastructure projects.
Officials said Investment Board Nepal will now sign a Project Development Agreement (PDA) with GMR, which will construct transmission lines across the border to transmit the remaining electricity to India.
The agreement was expected to be signed during Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit in August but was delayed because some political parties wanted to ensure that the supply of water to irrigation canals on the same river would remain unaffected by the dam, as well as other benefits to Nepal.
The Indian firm will give a 27 percent stake in the plant to Nepal. GMR will build a separate power house to generate two megawatts of electricity to be supplied to villagers in Achham, Surkhet and Dailekh districts where the project will be located, officials said.
A group of former Maoist rebels says benefits to Nepal were not adequate and has vowed to protest against the scheme.
Nepal's economy is expected to grow 4.6 percent in 2014-15, against the government target of 5.2 percent, with the country facing up to 16 hours of daily power cuts during the dry season when its rivers flow slowly.
Tourism and aid-dependent Nepal, one of the world’s 10 poorest countries, has an electricity shortfall of about 600 megawatts. The cash-strapped government is trying to attract foreign investment to generate hydroelectricity and has offered tax incentives to investors in the hydropower sector.
RELATED NEWS

Scotland vote to seal United Kingdoms fateE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Obama nominates Indian-American as ambassador to IndiaDavid Brunnstrom and Jeff Mason     Washington   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 12:13 IST
US President Barack Obama. (Photo: Reuters)
US President Barack Obama nominated former State Department official Richard Verma as the country's ambassador to India on Thursday, just ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Washington, a White House statement said.
Verma, an Indian-American, served as assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs at the State Department in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2011.
He is currently a senior counselor at Steptoe & Johnson law firm and the Albright Stonebridge Group, a business advisory company, led by former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
White House officials said Verma has close relationships with Obama's White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough, National Security Adviser Susan Rice, and Senior Adviser John Podesta. He will be the first Indian-American to do the job.
If he is confirmed by Congress, Verma will replace Nancy Powell, who resigned in March after a damaging row over the treatment of a junior Indian diplomat, Devyani Khobragade, who was accused by authorities in New York of visa fraud and underpaying a domestic worker. Khobragade was arrested and strip-searched in New York last year, an incident that took the US-India relationship to its lowest ebb in a decade.
The US Embassy in New Delhi is currently headed by a charge d' Affairs, Kathleen Stephens.
Modi is due to visit Washington September 29-30 for a trip aimed at revitalising ties and clearing the air. The Prime Minister was denied a visa to the United States in 2005 after Hindu mobs killed more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, in 2002 while he was chief minister of his home state of Gujarat.
The US sees India as a natural ally on a range of issues and a potential counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia and is keen to expand relations across the board, particularly in the security sphere.
In 2010, Obama declared the US-India relationship would be "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century," but ties have so far failed to live up fully to this billing.
Some analysts have questioned whether an Indian-American would be the best choice as ambassador, given ambivalence among some in India about the diaspora in the United States.
They have also said it was important for the US to pick "a heavy-hitter" close to the US President to show it considered India a real strategic partner.
Verma's association with Obama goes back to 2008, when he worked on presidential debate preparations for the then-Illinois senator. Verma's parents came to the US in the early 1960s having lived through India's fight for independence from Britain and partition, White House officials said.
With US lawmakers about to leave town to spend the next six weeks campaigning for the November 4 congressional elections, Verma will not be confirmed by the Senate before mid-November.
The Obama administration has been fighting with the Senate all year to get its nominees confirmed more quickly. There are currently dozens of nominees for ambassadorships awaiting confirmation by the US Senate.
(Reuters)

Scots voting against independence  early res...Scots voting against independence, early results show
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 09.40AM IST
With 16 of 32 regions declared so far, the nationalists have only won two while the "No" camp has 56 per cent of the vote.
ET SPECIAL:
EDINBURGH: Scotland has voted against breaking from the United Kingdom in half its constituencies home to nearly one third of the electorate, early results from a divisive independence referendum showed.
Scotland's final verdict on the union should be clear around breakfast time on Friday.
With 16 of 32 regions declared so far, the nationalists have only won two. According to Reuters calculations, the "No" camp has 56 percent of the vote although the biggest areas have yet to declare.
Sterling rose sharply in Asian trade while bookmakers' odds showed victory for unionists was much more likely and unionists campaigners clapped and cheered as results were announced.
"It seems to me that we are going to have a 'No' majority in this referendum, though obviously there is a long way to go," Danny Alexander, the Scottish-born Chief Secretary to the Treasury, told Reuters.
"That's great news for Scotland and for the United Kingdom, but also just a start to the serious task to make sure that Scotland gets the additional power that it needs," said Alexander, a Liberal Democrat with a Scottish constituency.
Though the results boosted the spirits of the unionist campaign, hours remained before the results from Scotland's biggest cities - where the fate of the United Kingdom is likely to be sealed - were due to be reported.
The campaign for independence has galvanised this country of 5.3 million but also divided friends and families from the remote Scottish islands of the Atlantic to the tough city estates of Glasgow.
Breaking apart the United Kingdom has worried allies, investors and the entire British elite whose leaders rushed late in the campaign to check what opinion polls showed was a surge in support for independence.
Seeking to tap into a cocktail of historical rivalry, opposing political tastes and a perception that London has mismanaged Scotland, nationalists say Scots, not London, should rule Scotland to build a wealthier and fairer country.
Unionists say independence would usher in financial, economic and political uncertainty and diminish the UK's standing in the world. They have warned that Scotland would not keep the pound as part of a formal currency union.
Beyond the money and power, the referendum has provoked deep passions in Scotland, drawn in many voters who ignore traditional political campaigns and underscored what London politicians admit is a need for wider constitutional change.
Scotland's Fate
Voters lined up at polling stations across Scotland to vote with 4.28 million voters, or 97 percent of the electorate, registered to vote. Turnout hit a record high.
They were asked to answer "Yes" or "No" to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?".
A YouGov poll of 1,828 voters the organisation had previously polled indicated 54 percent of Scots would back the union while 46 percent would seek independence.
YouGov said it had picked up a "small but significant late swing" towards supporters of the 307-year union between Scotland and England on polling day, though it cautioned the survey was merely a snapshot.
"It looks like the union will remain intact for the time being," YouGov research manager Laurence Janta-Lipinski told Reuters of the survey carried out on Thursday which was not an exit poll.
Electoral officials said the result will be announced around sunrise on Friday when all regional votes have been submitted but first results indicated that nationalists had not done as well as expected.
"The evidence that the No side are going to win is beginning to stack up," said John Curtice, a professor at Strathclyde University and a leading authority on polling.
With more than 486,000 voters, Scotland's largest city of Glasgow is crucial and is due to report around 0400 GMT. The capital Edinburgh is also expected around that time.
Other key regions to watch are North and South Lanarkshire and Aberdeenshire where Alex Salmond, the 59-year-old nationalist leader, cast his vote on Thursday.
"From what you can see, 'No' seem to have a lead at this stage. Whether it is insurmountable, I don't know. But there's a lot of people feeling slightly deflated," independence supporter Stan Blackley of the Scottish Green Party told Reuters.
Page 1 of 2

17 stocks in focus in Friday morning tradeYou are here: Home > Collections
Seventeen stocks in focus in Friday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex continued its up streak after a positive start led by gains in pharma, power and auto on the back of positive cues from Asian markets.
At 11:02 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,243.01, up 130.80 points.
The Nifty was at 8,159.50, up 44.75 points
The sudden recovery in the benchmarks positively surprised the participants on Thursday as it erased the loss of last three sessions. The US Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates near zero for a considerable time; triggered the initial positivity.
"After steep recovery, it is likely that index would witness pause on Friday; however, stock specific move will keep the traders busy," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"It is crucial to maintain extra caution in stock selection and keep check on position sizing as we have been witnessing volatile moves," he added.
Manglik is of the view that one can choose counters from banking, IT and liquid midcap space for fresh buying in the next session"
Here is a list of seventeen stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Tata Group Companies: Moody's Investors Service has upgraded the ratings of several Tata Group companies to reflect our expectation of parental and systemic support in the case of need, which has been exhibited both in the form of extraordinary financial support from Tata Sons Ltd. (unrated), the ultimate parent, and ongoing support through their close association with the Tata brand.
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Telecom major Bharti Airtel may have to cough up Rs 436 crore for merging Airtel Broadband Services with itself towards differential spectrum cost and migration fee, DoT sources said.
Tech Mahindra Ltd: Tech Mahindra said it will work with Bosch Software Innovations to develop an ecosystem to offer solutions for smart cities with billions of things inter-connected via the Internet.
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd: Country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India appointed R S Kalsi as head of domestic marketing and sales following the resignation of Mayank Pareek from the company.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Reliance Jio Infocomm has signed a tower-sharing deal with GTL Infrastructure Ltd. (GTL), which will help the telecom unit of Reliance Industries roll out its much-awaited high speed data and voice services faster and at a lower cost across India.
ICICI Bank Ltd: Export-Import Bank of China (China Exim Bank) and China Development Bank Corporation (CDB) today signed various agreements with SBI, ICICI BankBSE and Axis Bank to facilitate trade between the two countries.
L&T Ltd: Larsen & Toubro's overseas subsidiary L&T Oman LLC has bagged a contract from the Sultanate of Oman for construction of the Adam Airbase in Al Dakhiliya Governorate, the company said today.
Infosys: The IT major has announced new partnerships with Microsoft, Hitachi Data Systems and Huawei to deepen its product offerings in new disruptive areas, including cloud and big data analytics, communication, infrastructure and data centre transformation segments.
M&M Ltd: E-commerce firm Snapdeal on Thursday started accepting prebookings for the new variant of Mahindra & Mahindra's (M&M) mainstay SUV Scorpio, making it the first time automobile bookings have debuted on a third-party electronic marketplace in India and marking another maturity milestone for the country's fledgling e-retail sector.
Ranbaxy, Cipla: Ranbaxy Labs and Cipla are among the companies which would face the maximum brunt of the new price cuts announced by National Pharma Pricing Authority (NPPA) early this week.
GMR Infrastructure Ltd: Nepal's centre-left cabinet on Thursday cleared the way for an Indian firm to build a $1.4 billion hydroelectric plant in the northwest of the country, a cabinet minister said, the Himalayan republic's biggest foreign investment scheme.
ITC: The ingredients are all there in this sacred space: a big consumer market that no large company has managed to dominate, the ongoing festive season, daily rituals to please the gods, and social media savvy youngsters as potential customers.
Bajaj Electricals Ltd: The company is expecting good business across segments - consumer durables, engineering and lighting - in the current fiscal that could see its total turnover reach Rs 4,800 crore, a growth of 20 per cent.
NMDC: The country's biggest iron ore producer which had acquired an additional 30 per cent stake in Australian firm Legacy Iron Ore, today said it will commence mining there in a year or two.
United Spirits & ZEE Entertainment: United Spirits will be replaced by Zee Entertainment Enterprises in the National Stock Exchange's benchmark index Nifty from Friday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GMR plans $1.4 bn hydroelectric plant in Nepal; stock up over 2%You are here: Home > Collections > Nepal
GMR plan for $1.4 billion hydroelectric plant in Nepal; stock up over 2%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 09.44AM IST
Tags:
Cabinet Minister
(The Nepalese government…)
NEW DELHI: GMR Infrastructure Ltd rallied as much as 2.1 per cent in trade on Friday after Nepal's centre-left cabinet on cleared the way for Indian firm GMR to build a $1.4 billion hydroelectric plant in the northwest of the country, a cabinet minister said, the Himalayan republic's biggest foreign investment scheme.
At 09:40 a.m.; GMR Infrastructure was trading 1.5 per cent higher at Rs 23.30. It hit a low of Rs 23.10 and a high of Rs 23.45 in trade today.
The Nepalese government agreed to allow GMR in 2008 to construct the 900-megawatt Upper Karnali hydroelectric power plant in the northwest, Reuters reported.
"Officials said GMR and another Indian firm, Satluj Vidyut Nigam , plan to construct other hydroelectric plants in Nepal with a potential to generate up to 42,000 megawatts of electricity," said the report.
As per the report, the GMR plant, set for completion in 2021, will provide 12 percent energy free to Nepal to ease a crippling power shortage and help its economy emerge from a decade-long civil war that scared away investors and slowed infrastructure projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GTL Infra rallies 5% on tower deal with Reliance JioYou are here: Home > Collections
GTL Infrastructure rallies 5% on tower deal with Reliance Jio
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 09.39AM IST
Tags:
Business Partnership
(GTL Infrastructure Ltd…)
NEW DELHI: GTL Infrastructure Ltd rallied as much as 4.98 per cent in trade on Friday after Reliance Jio Infocomm has signed yet another deal to rent telecom towers as the Reliance Industries unit gets infrastructure ready to roll out high-speed data and voice communication services some time next year.
At 09:30 a.m.; GTL Infrastructure was locked in upper circuit at Rs 3.16, up 4.98 per cent.
Reliance Jio's deal with GTL Infrastructure is at least its eighth to share telecom infrastructure. While Reliance Jio and GTL didn't specify details of the deal, a person familiar with the matter said Reliance Jio will rent 2,000 towers by September-end and another 8,000 over the next six to eight months, ET Reported.
GTL has more than 30,000 towers in total.
As per the report, Reliance Jio plans to lease around 70,000 towers and put up 30,000 of its own, including small cell sites on single poles, as it aims to launch fourthgeneration data and voice services.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Twitpic to stay alive with new ownerMotorola has launched a clever little key fob that can help find a missing phone and minimize the chance of misplacing the door key.
Twitpic to stay alive with new owner
AFP
San Francisco, September 19, 2014
First Published: 09:09 IST(19/9/2014)
print
Twitpic is being acquired in a deal that will give renewed life to the widely used service for sharing pictures on Twitter.
It is a stark reversal in fortunes after Twitpic said in a blog post early this month that it would be shutting down on September 25 because its bid to trademark its name was being opposed by San Francisco-based Twitter.
"We're happy to announce we've been acquired and Twitpic will live on!" the company said in a message fired off on Twitter on Thursday.
Twitpic left the identity of the buyer a mystery, along with specifics of the take-over.
"We will post more details as we can disclose them," Twitpic said.
Twitter had threatened to essentially close the door to Twitpic photos or videos if the startup didn't withdraw its trademark application, according to the blog post.
Twitpic said it launched in early 2008 and filed to trademark its name with US patent officials the following year.

LIVE: Most results so far against independence in Scotland referendumprint
Pro-Union supporters celebrate as Scottish referendum polling results are announced at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh. (AFP Photo)
Scotland has decisively rejected independence by winning more than half of the votes polled, concluding an intensely-fought campaign that threatened to tear asunder the 307-year-old United Kingdom.
With 31 out of the country's 32 council areas having declared results, the margin of victory was about 55% to 45%. Glasgow, Scotland's largest council area and the third largest city in Britain, voted in favour of independence, while capital Edinburgh, rejected it.
As many people across the country heaved a collective sigh of relief, the implications of the rejection were beginning to come to the fore: Westminster will have to deliver the promises of more powers to Scotland in the near future, made during the closing stages of the campaign.
“I accept the verdict of the people. We now face the consequences of the decision. Scotland will now expect the vows made by unionist parties to give more powers to be delivered,” said Alex Salmond, Scotland first minister and leader of the Yes campaign.
 
The verdict is expected to lead to a more federal United Kingdom, with more powers to Wales, Northern Ireland and England, along the lines of those to be handed over to Scotland.
Former prime minister Gordon Brown emerged as the main figure in the 'No' campaign with at least three passionate speeches towards the closing stages of the campaign, reviving his flagging political career.
 
Prime Minister David Cameron said he had congratulated Alistair Darling, leader of the Better Together campaign, while Nicola Sturgeon, one of the top Yes campaign leaders, expressed her ‘deep personal and political disappointment’.
Highlights: Scotland Votes
The turnout for Scotland's historic independence referendum could be the highest ever in the United Kingdom, for a vote on the future of the centuries-old union.
Some ballot boxes were brought by helicopter and others by boat from remote islands to be counted after polls closed, agency reports said.
The closure of the airport on the Isle of Lewis due to fog meant ballot boxes would have to make the slower journey by fishing boat.
 
The question for voters at Scotland's more than 5,000 polling stations was "Should Scotland be an independent country?" and they were asked to mark either "Yes" or "No".
  
A palace spokesperson told Sky news Queen Elizabeth II was following events from her family home Balmoral Castle in rural Scotland and is expected to comment later on Friday.
She is "kept abreast of information... from her team of advisers in London and Edinburgh," the spokesperson said.
The 'nay' sayers: Pro-union supporters celebrate in Glasgow as polling results are announced. (AFP Photo)
British prime minister Cameron had promised greater powers for Scotland's parliament in a last-minute bid to convince voters to stay in the union, prompting politicians in his Conservative party to call for the same treatment for England.
'Ripped out of the UK'
Many people in the rest of the United Kingdom were concerned about the prospect of Scottish independence, which would sever a deep bond and cut the UK's surface area by a third.
A lot of the debate was focussed on the economy, what currency an independent Scotland would use and whether it could be a member of the European Union.
Scotland's parliament, opened in 1999, holds some powers devolved from Westminster to set policy in certain areas of domestic policy, such as health and education.
For many voters, this was not enough.
"I voted 'Yes' because I decided Scotland should be governed by itself," said university administrator Sarah Rowell, 36, in Edinburgh.
A pro-independence observer watches as ballot cards are counted at the Royal Highland Centre counting hall in Edinburgh after ballot counting got underway in the referendum on Scottish independence. (AFP Photo)

From $100bn to $20bn  missing billions a tell-tale sign with ChinaComments
China’s consul-general in Mumbai throws around a figure of $100 billion in investment over the next five years. His president, Xi Jinping, signs agreements that total only $20 billion. The explanations for this curious gap are a metaphor for why the Sino-Indian relationship will never go beyond a certain point.
“The $100 billion figure was never an official number. The csul-general was perhaps imagining what could happen,” a Chinese embassy official said. Indian diplomats scoff at the idea a Chinese official would offer a figure without approval far up the food chain.
The $100 billion seems to have largely designed to overshadow the $35 billion five-year plan announced by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Xi’s failure to even rhetorically match the initial expectations about his trip underlines two elements of China’s attitude to India.
Read: After Modi-Xi meeting, China pulls back troops from Ladakh
One, Beijing is short term about India. During the Depsang intrusion, a senior Indian official spoke of China’s “great power autism” – how it would let small things undo all the good things it had accomplished.
Over 80% of Indians mistrust China: an older generation because of 1962, a younger one because of Beijing’s belligerence. Talking one number and walking a smaller one will reinforce what many Indians say in private: “You can’t trust the Chinese.”
Two, China tends to treat India better when a powerful third country is cosying up to New Delhi. Xi has good reasons to seek better ties with India. He needs infrastructure markets for his over-sized capital goods manufacturers.
But Beijing does not see India, a messy democracy with an economy one-fourth China’s, as being in the same league. Before they officially take power, Chinese leaders visit the countries they see as big leaguers. Xi did not come here.
Japan’s wooing of India is a key reason China is all sweetness and light on the economic front. Indian negotiators of the 2006 border agreement say they got a good deal because of their then close ties with the US.
That Xi did not feel he even needed to match what Abe had offered was a sign of that this has yet to change with China. “This was the only surprise in the trip,” said a Japanese diplomat. And a sobering reminder for India.

BSE Sets 20% Circuit Limit for United SpiritsYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sets 20% Circuit Limit for United Spirits
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 18, 2014 22:19 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Mumbai: Leading stock exchange BSE on Thursday revised the circuit limits--a range that stocks can trade in-- for United Spirits Ltd and 18 other companies, as part of surveillance action.
The new limits, which ensure that stock prices do not go up or down beyond a level during a trading session, will be effective from Friday.
BSE said in a circular that the price of United Spirits, now controlled by London-based Diageo, cannot change by more than 20 per cent in a day.
Also, United Spirits will be replaced by Zee Entertainment Enterprises in the National Stock Exchange's benchmark index Nifty from tomorrow.
Last month, BSE and National Stock Exchange (NSE) had announced that they will drop United Spirits from futures and options segment as the company failed to submit financial results for the year ended March 31, 2014 and quarter ended June 30, 2014 as required under Clause 41 of the listing agreement.
"No future and option (F&O) contract on the United Spirits scrip shall be available for trading on equity derivative segment of the exchange with effect from September 19, 2014 onwards," the exchanges had said.
Apart from United Spirits, BSE has set an upper limit of 10 per cent for Capital Trust, Omega Ag-Seeds Punjab, UV Boards, JK Tyre & Industries, Hipolin, Piramal Phytocare and Intrasoft Technologies.
While the limits for Comfort Commotrade, Rollatainers, Rane Engine Valve, Syncom Healthcare, Welspun Projects, Yashraj Containeurs, Kay Power and Paper, EPIC Energy, Raunaq Automotive Components, T & I Global and Saksoft has been set at 5 per cent.
"...the circuit filters has/have been changed from their existing levels in these scrips with effect from September 19, 2014," BSE said.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 22:17 (IST)

Dow  S&P 500 at Records As Fed-Driven Rally ContinuesSensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
New York: US stocks rose on Thursday, a day after the US Federal Reserve kept intact its pledge to keep interest rates low, providing a backstop for investors that helped lift both the Dow and S&P to record highs.
The Fed said on Wednesday at the conclusion of a two-day policy meeting it would keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," language supportive of equities which some had expected to be dropped from the statement.
The central bank's outlook on Wednesday included forecasts for higher-than-expected rates in 2015 and 2016, which helped financial stocks rise 1.1 per cent, leading the day's gains on Wall Street. Goldman Sachs rose 1.7 per cent to $187.89, the biggest boost to the Dow.
US equity markets have rallied for three consecutive sessions as the Fed's stance eased investor worries the central bank was ready to pivot away from its years-long policy of holding rates at rock bottom levels, which stimulated demand for risk assets like stocks.
That support has lifted the benchmark S&P 500 to 34 records in 2014, and has helped markets sidestep a 10-per cent "correction" for almost three years, even while individual market sectors have seen multiple pullbacks.
The climb to repeated record highs has coincided with steadily improving economic data, while the Fed's support has allowed investors to shrug off occasional weak numbers, like the August payrolls report. At the same time, low Treasury interest rates have pushed yield-hungry investors into equities.
US housing starts and permits fell in August, but upward revisions to the prior month's data indicated gradual improvement in the housing market. A sharp drop in the number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits last week suggested the slowdown in job growth last month was probably an anomaly.
"Things are starting to get a little better for the banks in general and that really does help the financials," said Patty Edwards, managing director for investments at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Seattle.
"You are seeing low growth starting to improve some, you are starting to see all the things that would turn in an economy."
The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 109.14 points, or 0.64 per cent, to 17,265.99, the S&P 500 added 9.79 points, or 0.49 per cent, to 2,011.36, and the Nasdaq Composite gained 31.24 points, or 0.68 per cent, to 4,593.43.
After the closing bell, Oracle Corp shares fell 2.2 per cent to $40.64. The business software maker reported quarterly results and said long-time chief executive Larry Ellison will become executive chairman and chief technology officer, with executives Safra Catz and Mark Hurd taking over the CEO role.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,845 to 1,200, for a 1.54-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,622 issues rose and 1,083 fell for a 1.50-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 56 new 52-week highs and 8 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite had 85 new highs and 64 new lows.
Volume was active, with about 5.88 billion shares traded on U.S. exchanges, slightly above the 5.69 billion average so far this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Cipla gains on signing agreement with Salix PharmaceuticalsCipla gains on signing agreement with Salix Pharmaceuticals
Sensex  Nifty flat; ITC Infosys drag  Suzlon falls 10%Sensex  Nifty flat; ITC Infosys drag  Suzlon falls 10%
SPML Infra plans to raise fundsSPML Infra plans to raise funds
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
SPML Infra has said that the board of directors of the company had on September 18 evaluated the fund-raising options and has authorised the management to explore sale of investments made in hydropower and road assets.
In a filing to the stock exchange, SPML said that the company also plans to raise about Rs 100 crore through the QIB route.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Scotland says  No  in referendum  say projectionsScotland rejects independence, to stay in UK
Press Trust of India | London Sep 19, 2014 11:48 AM IST
Scotland today rejected independence in a historic referendum and decided to remain in a 307-year-old union with the United Kingdom, in a relief to Prime Minister David Cameron. 
 
With 30 out of Scotland's 32 council areas having declared results, the "No" side has an unbeatable lead of 1,877,252 votes to 1,512,688, official results confirmed today. 
 
The winning total needed was 1,852,828 and nationally, the margin of victory is about 55% to 45%. This margin of victory is some three points greater than that anticipated by the final opinion polls. 
 
The vote is the culmination of a two-year campaign and talks will now begin on devolving more powers to Scotland, which had joined the United Kingdom in 1707. 
 
Glasgow, Scotland's largest council area and the third largest city in Britain, voted in favour of independence with 194,779 'Yes' votes to 169,347 'No' votes. Dundee, West Dunbartonshire and North Lanarkshire also voted "Yes". 
 
But Edinburgh, the nation's capital, rejected independence by 194,638 votes to 123,927 votes, while Aberdeen City voted "No" by a margin of more than 20,000 votes. 
 
There have also been big wins for the pro-UK campaign in many other areas. 
 
British Prime Minister David Cameron said: "I've spoken to Alistair Darling (head of the pro-UK Better Together campaign) - and congratulated him on a well-fought campaign." 
 
Scotland's First Minister Alex Salmond on Friday conceded defeat in the referendum, while saying the large number of 'Yes' votes represented a substantial number for Scottish independence in the future. 
 
The people of Scotland had been queueing up to register their vote in the historic referendum yesterday to decide their future as part an independent country or the UK. 
 
They had a simple "Yes" or "No" choice to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?" 
 
Nearly 97% of the electorate, adding up to 4,285,323 people, were registered to vote at 2,608 polling places across the country.
Scotland's independence vote

Sensex logs third day of gains on sustained buyingMarket update: Sensex falls over 21 points, Nifty gains over 6 points
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 17:25 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The 30 scrip sensitive index (Sensex) on Friday erased early gains to end 21.79 points down on losses in capital goods, oil & gas, and realty shares but recent gains helped the benchmark log its sixth week of gains, the longest in over two years.
After opening in the positive zone at 27,139.39, the Sensex surged to touch the day's high of 27,247.17 on continued buying by foreign funds and retail investors on positive domestic and global cues.
However, late selling at improved levels wiped off initial gains to close 21.79 points, or 0.08 per cent, down at 27,090.42. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 27,047.68.
The gauge rallied 619.70 points in previous two sessions on the back of rising optimism over trade ties with China and Fed's continued pledge to retain rates at low levels.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex gained 29.37 points as it registered its sixth straight week of rise. The 50-share NSE Nifty index managed to close in positive zone with a marginal gain of 6.70 points, or 0.08 per cent, at 8,121.45 as TCS, Lupin, Maruti Suzuki, Tata Steel, Axis Bank and Cipla stocks gained. The barometer moved between 8,160.90 and 8,105.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Sentiments turned somewhat weak and early gains were pared after participants preferred to book profits in recent gainers at prevailing higher levels, equity brokers said.
Profit-booking in bluechips at current levels, brought Sensex down, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based broker. Overall, 13 constituents of 30-share Sensex like L&T, HeroMoto Corp , Hindustan Unilever, Mahindra and Mahindra, ONGC, SBI, Tata Motors, RIL and BHEL fell while 17 others rose.
Shares of Tata Steel and TCS caught buyers' fancy after Moody's on Thursday upgraded ratings of Tata Group firms.
Sectorally, the BSE Capital Goods index suffered the most by falling 1.89, followed by the Oil & Gas index that fell 1.22 per cent, Realty index 0.81 per cent, Auto index 0.70 per cent, Metal index 0.50 per cent, FMCG index by 0.40 per cent and Power index 0.40 per cent.
Bucking the trend, small-cap and mid-cap indices rose 0.63 and 0.04 per cent. Globally, other Asian markets ended higher and European markets were in better form.
(Reuters)

It is not a child s playUpdated: September 19, 2014 10:07 IST
It is not a child's play
R. Sujatha
children
Tamil Nadu leads other states in the number of cases booked under the prevention of Child Marriages Act
While early marriages are an issue of concern in some pockets in Tamil Nadu, the root cause is not difficult to identify. They are restricted to some pockets (see box), indicating that poverty, migration for work and insufficient motivation to stay in school are the dominant reasons.
Earlier this week, six marriages were stopped by officials in Sivaganga and Ramanathapuram districts.
R. Vidyasagar, Child Protection Specialist, UNICEF, says: “The high number of cases in Tamil Nadu is a reflection of the level of awareness. It doesn't automatically mean that Tamil Nadu is the worst State in the country. By our estimates, child marriage has been slowly declining in the State owing to increased enrolment in secondary education.”
Contrary to belief, an increase in urbanisation doesn’t correlate with a decrease in child marriage. Migratory labourers tend to marry off their daughters earlier because they feel it is not safe to leave them behind unmarried. Child marriage is also quite high in urban slums, again owing to reasons of security. Urbanisation in itself won’t solve the problem. Education and changes in attitude are important, he adds.
The fear of elopement is another factor that forces parents to consider early marriage for girls. “Parents do send their daughters for higher education; but if they fail, the only option is marriage,” he says.
The latest District Level Household Survey has shown a marginal improvement in the mean age for marriage in rural areas — from 20.9 years in 2008 to 21.5 years in 2013. In urban areas, it remains at 22.
According to T. Alagappan, former member of the Child Welfare Committee, early marriages have been prevented successfully as State government officials, up to the Collector, are actively involved. The vigilant village committees, intense awareness programmes, and children’s participation in these programmes are good, he says.
The UNICEF has formed 500 clubs for adolescents and is providing them life skills education. “Without proper avenues for sex education in schools, students need space to understand what they are undergoing in adolescence,” Mr. Vidyasagar says.
In Salem, where 13 marriages have been prevented in the last six months, officials have managed to send the girls back to school or college as they were keen on continuing their studies. “The District Social Welfare Department has given specific instructions to its block-level staff to have regular contacts with the heads of the institutions and ensure that these girls continue their education,” says an official of the Department.
Though schools are actively preventing early marriages, it may not be sufficient. “Schools should give information more than what is available in textbooks. While the girls have taken the initiative for advocacy, there is need to work with boys, too,” he adds.
(With additional reporting by Syed Muthahar Saqaf in Salem)
RELATED NEWS

Sustained campaign helpsUpdated: September 19, 2014 10:07 IST
Sustained campaign helps
children
A sustained campaign at the grass root level has helped prevent over 230 child marriages in Perambalur district over the past two-and-half years.
One of the most backward districts in the State, child marriage is widely prevalent here owing to a variety of socio-economic factors. But over the past few years, coordinated efforts have been made across the district to check the practice.
Accordingly, field level officials such as school teachers, village health nurses, anganwadi workers, village administrative officers and panchayat presidents besides students became the target group for the sustained sensitisation exercise, say Social Welfare Department officials.
As part of the campaign, school teachers were asked to alert officials immediately in case any girl student in their respective institution went on leave for more than three days without assigning a proper reason, an official said.
The contact numbers of officials were given to students, teachers and other field-level workers to alert them in case of a minor’s marriage. The move paid off – gradually strengthening the information network through tip-offs, says the District Social Welfare Officer K. Pechiammal.
Officials say that action does not end with just stopping minor marriage and offering counselling to parents. Follow-ups are being done by the Social Welfare Department and the Child Welfare Committee in every case.
Twenty eight such rescued girls from the district are currently pursuing higher education, says Ms. Pechiammal. The district administration has also formed child protection committees at the village and block level to spread the message against the social evil.
RELATED NEWS

Results of Scotland vote trickle inResults of Scotland independence referendum: 'No' campaign victorious
By Euan McKirdy, Laura Smith-Spark and Nic Robertson, CNN
September 19, 2014 -- Updated 0550 GMT (1350 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
NEW: Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom
"No" camp wins majority of councils already declared
With majority of councils reporting, "No" lead unlikely to be overturned
The referendum will decide if Scotland remains part of the United Kingdom
Glasgow, Scotland (CNN) -- [Breaking news alert, 6:23 a.m. GMT (01:23 a.m. ET)]
Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom -- along with England, Wales and Northern Ireland -- following a historic referendum vote. A majority of voters rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away and becoming an independent nation.
With 31 of 32 councils declared, the "No" campaign has won the referendum on Scottish independence.
Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond admitted defeat in Scotland's independence referendum Friday -- and urged the rest of Scotland to do the same.
In a televised statement, he thanked Scotland "for 1.6 million votes for Scottish independence."A turnout of 86% is one of the highest in the democratic world for any such vote, he said.
[Original story published at 12.37 p.m. ET]
Voters in Scotland made their choice Thursday -- remain part of the United Kingdom, or form their own independent nation. They chose to remain.
With 31 of 32 of councils reporting, the "No" campaign had garnered enough votes to secure their victory, and with it Scotland's continued place within the union.
The first councils to declare all went to the "No" campaign, as did the capital, Edinburgh, which voted overwhelmingly to stay in the union with 123,927 for "Yes" and 194,628 "No" votes. Argyll and Bute and Aberdeenshire also voted "No."
Glasgow delivered a solid win for the independence camp with 194,779 votes for "Yes," and 169,347 for "No," but lead was not big enough to overturn the "No" camp's overall majority so far, which maintains a 8% (54% to 46%) lead over pro-independence camp.
The majority of the early results have been going the anti-independence camp's way. The "No" campaign extended lead with Angus and East Dunbartonshire council results, alongside a landslide in Dumfries and Galloway. The oil-rich city of Aberdeen also strongly voted for the unionist camp.
The city of Dundee was the first big gain for the independence campaign, voting "Yes" with 53,620 votes for, 39,880 against.
The individual counts by local authorities are ultimately immaterial as it is the total number of votes countrywide that will determine the outcome.
Polls at more than 5,500 stations across all districts, from the remote highlands and islands to the big cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow, closed at 10 p.m. local time (5 p.m. ET). People still in line to vote at that time were allowed to cast ballots.
High turnout
The first districts to report turnout reported high participation -- well over 80% in most cases -- Mary Pitcaithly, chief counting officer, announced in Edinburgh.
Turnout in Glasgow, one of the Yes campaign's heartlands, was a relatively disappointing 75%.
More than 4.2 million people registered to vote on the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?"
Decision day for Scotland
Expert: 'Yes' would humiliate Cameron
Scotland votes: See the TV ads
People opposed to Scottish independence celebrate the final results of a historic referendum Friday, September 19, in Edinburgh, Scotland. A majority of voters -- 55% to 45% -- rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away from the United Kingdom and becoming an independent nation.
A supporter of an independent Scotland cries as referendum results are announced September 19 in Edinburgh.
A discarded "Yes" sticker lies on cobblestones along Edinburgh's Royal Mile on September 19.
Alistair Darling, leader of the pro-union "Better Together" campaign, addresses supporters in Glasgow, Scotland, after the announcement of the referendum's final results September 19.
Dejected independence supporters make their way home in Edinburgh on September 19.
Ballots cast against Scottish independence get stacked on a table as votes are counted in Edinburgh on September 19.
Ballot boxes are opened as counting begins Thursday, September 18, in Aberdeen, Scotland.
Ballot counting was tiring for staffers working through the night at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh.
Ballot papers are counted in Aberdeen after the polls closed on September 18.
Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond passes an pro-union campaigner in Ellon, Scotland, on September 18. Salmond, leader of the independence movement, later accepted defeat and urged supporters to do the same.
Campaigners on both sides of Scotland's independence referendum stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
A man walks to a polling station to cast his vote in Ballater, Scotland, on September 18.
Campaigners stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
People wait to cast ballots inside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
A voter arrives at a polling place September 18 in Edinburgh.
A pro-union campaigner distributes leaflets at a polling station in Glasgow on September 18.
Salmond talks with supporters September 18 in Turriff, Scotland.
A dog wearing a pro-independence bandana walks down a street September 18 in Glasgow.
Darling, second from left, stands with his wife, Maggie, outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
Salmond chats with reporters after casting his vote September 18 in Strichen, Scotland.
A pro-independence campaigner displays his message September 18 in Strichen.
Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown talks to pro-union campaigners outside a polling station in Queensferry, Scotland, on September 18.
A young voter leaves a polling station September 18 in Edinburgh.
Campaigners on both sides of the issue stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
Scotland votes

Buy Ashok Leyland 40 Call  Tata Motors 530 Call: VK Sharma08:00 am
VK Sharma of HDFC Securities told CNBC-TV18, "Between Ashok Leyland  and Tata Motors , if I were to choose one, maybe Ashok Leyland is slightly better because that is a pure play on commercial vehicles, Tata Motors isn’t so."
"In Ashok Leyland, I am buying 40 Call at around Rs 1.85 with stoploss at Re 1 and hope to sell it at Rs 5 in the current settlement. In Tata Motors, I am buying 530 Call at around Rs 7 with stoploss at Rs 5 and hope to sell it around Rs 12," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Obama names Richard Verma as new US envoy to IndiaSep 19, 2014, 09.45 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Obama names Richard Verma as new US envoy to India
Verma, an Indian-American, served as assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs at the State Department in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2011.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Obama names Richard Verma as new US envoy to India
Verma, an Indian-American, served as assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs at the State Department in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2011.
Post your opinion here
 
President Barack Obama nominated former State Department official Richard Verma as US ambassador to India on Thursday, just ahead of a visit to Washington by new Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, a White House statement said.
Verma, an Indian-American, served as assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs at the State Department in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2011.
He is currently a senior counselor at Steptoe & Johnson law firm and the Albright Stonebridge Group, a business advisory company, led by former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
White House officials said Verma has close relationships with Obama's White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough, National Security Adviser Susan Rice, and senior adviser John Podesta. He will be the first Indian-American to do the job.
If he is confirmed by Congress, Verma will replace Nancy Powell, who resigned in March after a damaging row over the treatment of a junior Indian diplomat, Devyani Khobragade, who was accused by authorities in New York of visa fraud and underpaying a domestic worker.
Khobragade was arrested and strip-searched in New York last year, an incident that took the U.S.-India relationship to its lowest ebb in a decade.
The U.S. Embassy in New Delhi is currently headed by a charge d' Affairs, Kathleen Stephens.
Modi is due to visit Washington Sept. 29-30 for a trip aimed at revitalizing ties and clearing the air. Modi was denied a visa to the United States in 2005 after Hindu mobs killed more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, in 2002 while he was chief minister of his home state of Gujarat.
The United States sees India as a natural ally on a range of issues and a potential counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia and is keen to expand relations across the board, particularly in the security sphere.
In 2010, Obama declared the U.S.-India relationship would be "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century," but ties have so far failed to live up fully to this billing.
Some analysts have questioned whether an Indian-American would be the best choice as ambassador, given ambivalence among some in India about the diaspora in the United States.
They have also said it was important for the United States to pick "a heavy-hitter" close to Obama to show it considered India a real strategic partner.
Verma's association with Obama goes back to 2008, when he worked on presidential debate preparations for the then-Illinois senator. Verma's parents came to the United States in the early 1960s having lived through India's fight for independence from Britain and partition, White House officials said.
With U.S. lawmakers about to leave town to spend the next six weeks campaigning for the Nov. 4 congressional elections, Verma will not be confirmed by the Senate before mid-November.
The Obama administration has been fighting with the Senate all year to get its nominees confirmed more quickly. There are currently dozens of nominees for ambassadorships awaiting confirmation by the U.S. Senate.
(Reporting by David Brunnstrom; Additional reporting by Jeff Mason, Patricia Zengerle and Matt Spetalnick; Editing by Mohammad Zargham and Tom Brown)
RELATED NEWS

Modi Talks Tough on Border Issue with Defiant China  Wins $20 billion InvestmentsModi Talks Tough on Border Issue with Defiant China  Wins $20 billion Investments
UN Security Council dubs Ebola outbreak   threat to international peace  securityUN Security Council dubs Ebola outbreak   threat to international peace  security
Poroshenko urges Washington to provide lethal military aid to UkrainePoroshenko urges Washington to provide lethal military aid to Ukraine
HCL Technologies stock up on expansion of Global delivery CenterHCL Technologies stock up on expansion of Global delivery Center
Biocon gains on stake sale in research unit to Silver Leaf OakBiocon gains on stake sale in research unit to Silver Leaf Oak
GTL Infrastructure inks tower infrastructure sharing deal with Reliance Jio InfocommGTL Infrastructure inks tower infrastructure sharing deal with Reliance Jio Infocomm
Scotland votes against independence: BBC forecastScots spurn independence, vote to stay within UK
Vidya Ram
Reuters Voters enter a polling station to place their votes during the referendum on Scottish independence in Pitlochry, Scotland on September 18, 2014.
London, September 19:  
In a historic referendum watched closely by the world, voters in Scotland rejected independence from the United Kingdom, choosing instead to stay in a union that they have been part of since 1707.
To the question “Should Scotland be an independent country?”, 55.4 per cent of voters voted “no”. The referendum saw an unprecedented numbers of voters, including 16- and 17-year-olds for the first time, and Commonwealth, and EU citizens resident in Scotland. Over 84 per cent of eligible voters cast their vote in over 2,600 polling booths across the country, signifying the extent to which the issue had struck a chord with the public.
In the 2011 Scottish parliamentary elections turnout had been just 50.4 per cent. Among the regions that voted pro-independence were the cities of Glasgow and Dundee while nearly two-thirds of Edinburgh’s voters chose to remain in the UK.
The 45 per cent vote in favour of independence represents a significant gain for the Yes campaign in recent months. A year ago just 32 per cent of Scotland’s residents supported independence but a strong push by the various members of the Yes campaign, including the ruling Scottish Nationalist Party, the Scottish Green Party, and the Scottish Socialist Party as well as the Radical Independence Campaign, managed to mobilise support, particularly among young voters disillusioned with Westminster politics, and those in deprived communities across the country.
The Yes campaign also successfully managed to avoid alienating minority communities, with polls by the country’s largest Asian radio station ahead of the referendum suggesting that a majority of its listeners would vote “yes.”
As the results became clear in the early hours of Friday morning, Alex Salmond, the First Minister of Scotland, in his concession speech said that the 1.6 million “yes” votes represented a substantial vote for independence. “I accept the verdict of the people and I call on all of Scotland to follow suit.”
Cameron relieved
The result will come as a relief to the British establishment, which has, in recent weeks, been increasingly concerned by the gains made by the Yes campaign, despite attempts by Westminster to portray the Yes campaign as lacking a credible fiscal and economic roadmap for the country.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Rare and unseen pictures of Narendra ModiEYE BROWSE
Unseen pictures of Narendra Modi
Everyone admires Modi for his perfect style statement - neatly trimmed beard and hair and clothes that are stylishly cut even if they look traditional. Here, we bring you a handful of rare and unseen photographs of Narendra Modi on his 64th birthday.
Narendra Modi was an active member of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh and National Cadet Corps during his school days.
1 / 30

IndiGo inks $2.6 bn aircraft finance deal with ICBCUpdated: September 17, 2014 23:44 IST
IndiGo inks $2.6 bn aircraft finance deal with ICBC
Lalatendu Mishra
The Hindu Aditya Ghosh (right), President of IndiGo, shakes hands with Mark Jiang, Managing Director, Head of Aviation, ICBC of China, during India-China business meeting and signing ceremony in New Delhi on Wednesday. Photo: PTI
Reuters An IndiGo Airlines is parked on the tarmac at Bengaluru International Airport in Bangalore.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Low-cost airline IndiGo has signed a $2.6-billion aircraft financing deal with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC), the largest commercial bank of China, the day Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in India to strengthen bilateral relations between the two countries.
Through this deal, ICBC’s arm ICBC Financial Leasing Company Ltd. will provide IndiGo financial solutions for the introduction of A320 and the other family of aircraft to the fleet in the form of sale and lease back or financial lease or commercial lending.
“The number of aircraft will be over, 30 and the value of the deal will reach $2.6 billion,” IndiGo said in a release.
“We see this as an affirmation of IndiGo’s consistent operational and financial performance,” the release added.

Durga Puja ahoy! How artisans toil to get that perfect sculpturelifestyle
Durga Puja ahoy! How artisans toil to get that perfect sculpture
As Durga Puja is just around the corner, artisans from Kolkata work overtime in Chittaranjan Park, New Delhi to give these deities a larger-than-life look and feel. (Text and images: Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
Artisans from different parts of Kolkata are invited every year to Chittaranjan Park to give a unique touch to the idols. These artisans are highly valued for their craftsmanship and aesthetic knowledge.  (Source: Express Photo by Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
"We are from Chandrapur, Kolkata and come for around 3-4 months to Chittaranjan Park," says an artisan. "It takes us one whole day to complete one sculpture," he adds.  (Source: Express Photo by Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
Most of these artisans from Kolkata have been working for 10-20 years in idol making and they say they get a deep sense of pride sculpting these beautiful pieces of art.  (Source: Express Photo by Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
The culture in Kolkata is different from New Delhi, says one artisan. "In Kolkata, if you don't feel like working, you can take a day off and come back the next day. Here in Delhi, you are far away from home so you don't have anything else to do than this." (Source: Express Photo by Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
Kolkata's representation of Maa Durga is more traditional than what it is here. And the artisans agree. "Kolkata is more traditional while Delhi is more modern. You can see the difference in the way the idols are made: Kolkata uses more traditional attires and a style that is unique to the people living there. While here you get to see a different kind of treatment in terms of style and substance," says 33-year-old Kishan from Kishorenagar, Kolkata.  (Source: Express Photo by Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
Life is not easy as an artisan though. "We toil for more than 15 hours every day and don't get paid as much. It's a tough line, but then this is what we have chosen for ourselves and our future generations," says Kishan. (Source: Express Photo by Abhimanyu Chakravorty)
Related

Federal Reserves renews zero rate pledge  but hints at steeper rate hike pathE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Modi showcases Gujarati culture at Xi Jinping s reception in Ahmedabadpicture  others
Modi showcases Gujarati culture at Xi Jinping’s reception in Ahmedabad
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping  sitting on a traditional swing on the Sabarmati River front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping on a traditional swing at Sabarmati River Front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping look on as First Lady Peng Liyuan enjoys on a traditional swing on the Sabarmati River front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi presents a portrait to Chinese President Xi Jinping at Gandhi Ashram in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping, holding umbrella watch a cultural performance as they walk on the Sabarmati River front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan on the Sabarmati River front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan statues of lion cubs on the Sabarmati River front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday.  (Source: PTI)
President of China Xi Jinping signing visitors' book as Prime Minister Narendra Modi look on at Gandhi Ashram in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi looks on as Chinese President Xi Jinping and First Lady Peng Liyuan sit on a traditional swing on the Sabarmati River front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan admiring a lion statue on the Sabarmati River front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan on the Sabarmati River front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping at Gandhi Ashram in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping look on as Chinese First Lady Peng Liyuan is greeted by an artist on the Sabarmati River front in Ahmedabad on Wednesday. (Source: PTI)
Related

UIDAI to weed out 10-12% wrongful beneficiariesYou are here: Home > Collections > Uidai
UIDAI pilot project to weed out 10-12% wrongful beneficiaries in social sector schemes
Yogima Sharma, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 04.11AM IST
(The government is relying…)
NEW DELHI: The government has begun a crackdown on "ghost" beneficiaries of its social sector schemes, a move aimed at curbing misappropriation of funds and strengthening the Aadhaar number-linked direct benefit transfer channel.
The pilot project, to be undertaken by the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) which issues the Aadhaar number, will be implemented in 300 of the country's 630 districts. It will cover schemes including distribution of LPG, rural employment guarantee, MGNREGA, the public distribution system, scholarships and old age pension, according to a senior official.
The government is relying on the Aadhaar project to substantially reduce duplicity of beneficiaries and help plug leakages. According to the official, initial findings show that 10-12% of beneficiaries are "ghost" beneficiaries. The pilot project, being monitored by the Planning Commission, will immediately close these accounts.
"The new government has roped in UIDAI to verify the beneficiaries of major flagship schemes and eliminate the ones that are not eligible for the same," the official said on condition of anonymity. "If this is taken up on a massive scale at the national level, the government may end up saving at least Rs 10,000 crore per annum." As mandated by the Prime Minister's Office, the Planning Commission and the UIDAI had jointly prepared a report on the Aadhaar-linked direct benefit transfer (DBT) scheme in 300 districts.
Of the 420 million beneficiaries in these districts, bank accounts of only 100 million have been linked with their Aadhaar numbers, while the average Aadhaar coverage was over 70%.
Following this report, the Narendra Modi-led government, which is keen to speed up Aadhaar-linked direct benefit transfer of subsidies, has asked Planning Commission to coordinate with states and ensure that UIDAI takes up priority enrollment as well as verification of beneficiaries. Since its start in January 2013, DBT has covered 121 districts, transferring Rs 2,400 crore to 9.4 million under 27 schemes including scholarships (17), pensions (3), motherhood (2) and child development.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi-led govt plans to penalise CSR defaulters under Companies Act(At present, non-compliance…)
By Rajat Arora
The Narendra Modi-led government will not let companies get away easily if they do not spend the mandated 2% of their profits on Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities as specified by law. The government is planning to add more teeth to the Companies Act 2013 by introducing the penalty clause for companies that miss this target spending repeatedly. At present, non-compliance of CSR rule isn't penalized by the Companies Law, and those unable to spend the stipulated amount can get away with some justification.
"Under the current law, there's no mandatory obligation on the company, but a responsibility is cast upon the board members. In case companies repeatedly fail to do so for two or more years, they should be penalized. We can't leave any grey areas in law," a senior government official told ET.
Under the Companies Act 2013, a company must spend 2% of its average net profit in the preceding three years on CSR if it has a turnover of Rs 1,000 crore or more, or net worth of Rs 500 crore or more, or net profit of Rs 5 crore or more.
The new law, which came into effect on April 1, 2014, says if a company isn't able to give a satisfactory explanation about not spending on CSR activities, the corporate affairs ministry, at most, can question the roles and responsibility of its directors, but can't act beyond that. "The quantum of penalty in case of non-compliance hasn't been worked out," the official added. However, the industry and corporate lawyers are critical of the government's proposal of penalising in case of repeated non-compliance.
"A better proposition would be to provide tax incentives to corporates, effectively complying with the CSR obligations," a senior executive of a multinational told ET.
Around 14,000 companies are expected to spend about Rs 15,000 crore on various social projects under the mandatory CSR spending. The government has provided a list of activities that qualify as CSR, which include measures to eradicate hunger, promote education and rural sports, protection of heritage, and environmental sustainability.
The companies which fail to spend the entire 2% on CSR activities can also transfer the remaining amount to the Prime Minister's relief fund. "The government expects companies to abide by the spirit of the legislation, which is currently enacted on the principle of 'comply or explain', and does not have any penal provisions. If the compliance levels are seen to be low, the corporate affairs ministry would consider introduction of penalties," said Sai Venkateshwaran, Partner and Head -Accounting Advisory Services, KPMG in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Top buzzing stocks to trade on September 18Sep 18, 2014, 01.20 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing stocks to trade on September 18
Here are few top buzzing stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have NBCC, Texrail, Ramky Infra, IFCI, SPML Infra and 8K Miles Software.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing stocks to trade on September 18
Here are few top buzzing stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have NBCC, Texrail, Ramky Infra, IFCI, SPML Infra and 8K Miles Software.
Post your opinion here

Mars mission enters last lap  crucial test on Sept 24Mars mission enters last lap, crucial test on Sept 24
Reuters        Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:49 IST
India's first mission to Mars will attempt to put a spacecraft in orbit around the red planet next week, in a crucial test of a low-cost project carrying the country's hopes to join the leaders of a global space race.
A successful outcome for the $74-million mission would stiffen Prime Minister Narendra Modi's resolve to build new space launch facilities capable of handling heavier satellites, to make India a stronger player in the space technology market.
Launched last November, the Mars Orbiter Mission, called Mangalyaan, aims to study the planet's surface and mineral composition, and scan its atmosphere for methane, a chemical strongly tied to life on Earth.
If the spacecraft does manage to enter orbit around Mars on September 24, India would become the first country to succeed on its first try. European, US and Russian probes have managed to orbit or land on the planet, but only after several attempts.
"Confidence is high," V. Koteswara Rao, scientific secretary at the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), told Reuters. "All the operations done so far are successful and all the parameters measured are normal."
ISRO has already uploaded commands to help the spacecraft automatically enter orbit on the morning of September 24.
Two days before that, scientists will run a four-second test of a main engine that has been idle for about 300 days, and make a small course correction, Rao said.
However, experts say it will be challenging to get the trajectory right and cut the craft's speed from its current rate of 22 km (13.7 miles) per second to allow it to enter orbit. So also would be the task of receiving the faint signals it emits.
"It's like hitting a one-rupee coin about a hundred kilometres away, and that is tough," said Mayank N. Vahia, a scientist in the department of astronomy and astrophysics at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research.
ISRO has prepared a contingency plan. If the main engine fails to restart, eight small fuel-powered thrusters will be used to put the spacecraft into orbit around Mars.
LOW-COST MODEL & CHINA
India launched its space programme five decades ago and developed its own rocket technology after Western powers imposed sanctions for a nuclear weapons test in 1974. In 2009, its Chandrayaan satellite found evidence of water on the moon.
Although facing strong competition from neighbour China, India aspires to be a low-cost supplier of space technology and grab a bigger slice of a more than $300-billion industry.
India has so far launched 40 foreign satellites, many of them for advanced nations.
Still, China has an edge, as it can put heavier satellites into orbit with its bigger launchers.
Modi aims to change that. In June, he hailed the Mars mission's low cost, saying it was less than the budget of the Hollywood space movie 'Gravity'.
A successful Mars mission would boost the global standing of India's state-run space agency.
"It increases the prestige and reliability of India as a spacefaring nation whose rockets and payloads are reliable enough for other countries to use," said Vahia.
Mangalyaan cost roughly a tenth of NASA's Mars mission Maven that will attempt to enter orbit around the planet three days earlier on Sept. 21.
Despite its recent success, India's space programme has often drawn criticism as Asia's third-largest economy still ranks poorly on basic social indicators of poverty and hunger.
(Editing by John Chalmers and Clarence Fernandez)

Sensex gains 481 pts  Nifty ends up 1.7%; Infosys  HUL dragSep 18, 2014, 04.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex gains 481 pts, Nifty ends up 1.7%; Infosys, HUL drag
Hero MotoCorp was up 6 percent while L&T, HDFC, Dr Reddy's and BHEL gained 4 percent each. Among the losers were Infosys, HUL and Sesa Sterlite.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex gains 481 pts, Nifty ends up 1.7%; Infosys, HUL drag
Hero MotoCorp was up 6 percent while L&T, HDFC, Dr Reddy's and BHEL gained 4 percent each. Among the losers were Infosys, HUL and Sesa Sterlite.
Post your opinion here
Live Market Commentary
03:30 Market closing
The market ended the day with a roar. The Sensex ended 480.92 points or 1.81 percent higher  at 27112.21 and the Nifty was up 139.25 points or 1.75 percent at 8114.75. About 2233 shares have advanced, 827 shares declined, and 93 shares were unchanged.
Hero MotoCorp was up 6 percent while L&T, HDFC, Dr Reddy's and BHEL gained 4 percent each.
Among the losers were Infosys, HUL and Sesa Sterlite.
02:55pm Maruti in News
Maruti Suzuki India today said voting by minority shareholders over its move to let parent Suzuki Motor Corp own and invest in Gujarat plant will likely happen in November instead of October as earlier envisaged.
"It is a long procedure and we have not been able to put all the things in place. So we won't be able to do it in October. It is highly probable that the voting will be in November," Maruti Suzuki India Chairman R C Bhargava said on the sidelines of a conference on Public Affairs here, reports PTI.
02:40pm Infosys signs deal
Infosys Ltd said it signed a global partnership with China's largest telecom equipment maker Huawei Technologies Company to offer enterprise customers cloud, big data and communication solutions.
The companies did not say how much the deal was worth. Huawei and Infosys will also provide other enterprise-oriented services to combine Huawei's cloud infrastructure and global IT service expertise from Infosys, the companies said in a statement.
Infosys, led by Chief Executive Vishal Sikka, has been planning to boost investment in cloud computing, smartphone apps and other new technologies to win more high-margin outsourcing contracts.
Huawei and Infosys will explore setting up a joint lab in China to enable better delivery in all areas of the partnership, the companies said, reports Reuters.
02:30pm Interview
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Mithun Chittilappilly, Managing Director, V-Guard Industries, said the company’s second quarter performance so far has been quite satisfactory, thus it is sticking with its guidance of top line growth of 20 percent year on year.
The company expects EBITDA margins to be between 8.5 percent and 9 percent on the back of operating leverage. It expects margins for the fan business to improve by 6 percent.
V-Guard has a 20 percent market share in stabiliser segment and 8 percent in wire segment, the company said.
02:20pm L&T in demand
Larsen and Toubro gained 3 percent after Oman subsidiary bagged order for building Adam airbase.
The buildings and factories business of L&T Oman LLC, a subsidiary of L&T, has won a order from the Ministry of Defense, Sultanate of Oman against stiff international competition for the construction of Adam airbase in Al Dakhiliya Governorate, said the company in its filing.
This is the fifth order received by L&T group in September. Excluding today's order, the group has bagged nearly Rs 11,000 crore worth of contract in the current month.
02:10pm FII View
The Federal Reserve has said that it was nearing the end of its asset purchases and reiterated it would not hike interest rates for a 'considerable' period. CNBC-TV18 spoke to Hans Goetti, head of Asia Investment at Banque Internationale À Luxembourg, to know how this move will impact the global markets going ahead.
According to Goetti, emerging markets are going to benefit from Fed not willing to raise interest rates anytime soon. He maintains that the Indian market will be re-rated or revalued on the upside because of the changed political landscape and remains very bullish on India for the next two-three years.
"India has the potential to become the fastest growing economy in Asia by that time period," he adds.
02:00pm Equity benchmarks remained strong in afternoon trade as India signed several agreements with China for co-operation in various sectors and strengthening strong relations between countries.
 
The Sensex climbed 427.24 points or 1.60 percent to 27058.53 and the Nifty rose 123.20 points or 1.54 percent to 8098.70. The broader markets too traded strong with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gaining 1.6 percent and 2.5 percent, respectively.
About 2132 shares have advanced, 820 shares declined, and 79 shares are unchanged.
All sectoral indices remained strong with the BSE Realty, Capital Goods, Auto, Bank, Power, Oil & Gas, Healthcare and Metal rising 1-4 percent.
Hero Motocorp, Bajaj Auto, Dr Reddy's Labs, HDFC, Larsen and Toubro, BPCL and DLF topped the buying list, up 3-5 percent.
Railway stocks like Texmaco Rail, Kalindee Rail, Titagarh Wagons, Stone India and Kernex Microsystems gained 3-7 percent after Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed memorandum of understanding (MoU) on extending co-operation in rail, including agreement for new Mansarovar route.
13:15

Notion Ink launches Intel-powered hybrid tablet in India at Rs 19 990; features 10.1-inch display  Windows 8.124
0
New Delhi: Betting big on growing popularity of 2-in-1s, devices maker Notion Ink is making a comeback in the Indian market with 'Cain', developed in partnership with Intel, priced at Rs 19,990.
The Windows-based 2-in-1, which works both as a PC and a tablet, will be available exclusively on eCommerce website Snapdeal.
"With prices falling, we expect more people to opt for 2-in-1s and we are seeing a trend in that direction. 2-in-1s provides the functionality of a PC and mobility like that of a smartphone. With the price point becoming mainstream, there will be more takers," Intel South Asia Director (Marketing and Market Development) Sandeep Aurora told PTI.
The Windows-based 2-in-1, which works both as a PC and a tablet, will be available exclusively on eCommerce website Snapdeal.
#notion ink #cain #tablet #pc
The device features Intel Atom processor, 10.1-inch display, 2GB RAM, 32 GB internal memory (expandable up to 32 GB), 2 MP rear and 2MP front camera and 7900 mAh battery.
Notion Ink had unveiled its Adam tablet in 2010, which was touted as a contender to Apple's iPad.
"Notion Ink Design Labs believes in thoroughly studying and understanding user experience and developing a solution for it. Cain is a result of the same philosophy and delivers a unique value proposition of rolling two devices into one sleek form factor without compromising user experience," Notion Ink CEO Rohan Shravan said.
Cain will be available with preloaded business apps like Office, with free one-year subscription, and Outlook along with free data of 500 MB per month for six months.
"2-in-1s as a category has grown 17-20 per cent month-on- month over the last six months. Its an ideal device for working professionals who are looking for mobility as well as students who want good computing capability along with an entertainment quotient," Snapdeal Senior Vice President (Electronics and Home) Tony Navin said.
33

Is the Android One best value for your moneyAnand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

SBI accounts for half of mobile transactions in June: RBI9
0
Mumbai: State Bank of India accounted for half of the total number of mobile transactions undertaken in June, while ICICI Bank became the first to surpass the Rs 1,000-crore mark albeit with only a fifth of the registered users as the country's largest lender.
State Bank of India's (SBI) account holders undertook 52,27,782 transactions using their mobile phones involving Rs 546.34 crore in value in June, RBI said in data released on Thursday.
An SBI statement said that it has 1.15 crore registered mobile users, which account for 4.5 per cent of the accounts, helping it account for over half of the total 1,07,28,715 transactions involving a value of Rs 3,985 crore during June, the RBI said.
State Bank of India's account holders undertook 52,27,782 transactions using their mobile phones involving Rs 546.34 crore in value in June, RBI said.
#sbi #rbi #icici bank #mobile transaction
The country's largest private sector lender ICICI Bank became the first bank to cross the transaction value of over Rs 1,000-crore using mobile phones and claimed that it could achieve it with only a fifth of users as the SBI. Sources said that the bank has 20 lakh "active customers" using the mobile channel for transactions.
ICICI Bank account holders did 19,51,469 mobile transactions involving Rs 1,021.19 crore in value in June, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data said. SBI said that it plans to grow its registered mobile user base to around 12 per cent of the total retail base in the next two years and push it up further to 35 per cent in around five years.
"ICICI Bank has crossed the Rs 1,000-crore mark in monthly mobile banking transactions, which is the first by any bank in India," a statement from ICICI Bank said. The two leading banks' futuristic plans mobile banking comes after days of RBI Deputy Governor HR Khan chiding lenders for being lax about cost-effective ways of transacting.
4

India s GDP to rebound to over 7 pc in 2-3 years: Arvind Mayaram14
0
Cairns: India is following economic growth inducing policies and is confident that the GDP will rebound to over 7 per cent in 2-3 years, Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram said on Thursday while emphasising that business confidence is back.
Making an intervention during the G20 Deputies Meeting, Mayaram said that the Indian Government announced a slew of policy reforms and Budget reflected this in full measure. "From 4.7 per cent growth in the last fiscal, the Indian economy grew by 5.7 per cent in Q1 of the current financial year 2014-15. Business confidence is back and even though still tentative, growth in industrial sector, specially manufacturing, is showing an uptick.
"We are confident that by pursuing growth inducing policies, the Government would contribute fully to going back to a +7 per cent growth within two to three years," he said. He further said that the policies pursued by the Emerging Market Economies (EMEs) to bring growth back have been effective and India stands committed to the incremental 2 per cent growth in the global GDP.
"From 4.7 per cent growth in the last fiscal, the Indian economy grew by 5.7 per cent in Q1 of the current financial year 2014-15," Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram said.
#india #gdp #indian economy #tracking the modi government
Mayaram, however, pointed out that while it would be imperative for the EMEs including India to continue the path of structural reforms, the uncertainty and volatility in external environment is worrisome and needs the attention of
the G20. "As the US Fed withdraws from unconventional monetary policy, there will be an overhang on asset prices in the Emerging Markets and therefore, volatility in the currency markets," he said.
The decision on the exit from the Quantitative Easing (QE) programme that came in after the US FOMC (Federal Open Market Committee) meeting yesterday had an impact on the currency markets of many of the emerging market economies.
"The strength of G20 lies in taking international collaborative actions and not limiting to the individual country growth strategies. This concern was also raised by Mexico," the Secretary said. Mayaram said that the as discussions are taking place on domestic policies and actions, "we should also be discussing" G20 driven collaborative solutions which would reduce the impact of the possible near term repricing.
While countries would have to take actions commensurate with the space available to them, as IMF has themselves noted, macro prudential policies would be ineffective during downswings, he said.
1

Albania sacks central bank governorAlbania’s parliament sacks central bank governor
By Kerin Hope in Athens
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b70d4ca8-3f49-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rite Aid and Pier 1 Are Big Market MoversAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

The malaise is beginning earlier  but is it just an excuseIs the midlife crisis just an excuse?
By Emma Jacobs
Elizabeth has had enough of life as a City lawyer. Now, in her mid-thirties, she has decided to change careers. “Life is short,” she says, wincing at the cliché.
As the first person in her family to make it to university, Elizabeth – who does not want to use her real name – had felt obliged to follow through with a sensible profession. Her twenties were consumed by office all-nighters, finding her way and proving herself. When she hit her thirties, while the hours continued to be punishing, she felt able to lift her nose from the grindstone and evaluate her career. “I am not as engaged in my work as my peers,” she reflects. To make partner she would have to crank up her commitment – and she just cannot bear to do that. So in her spare time she studies psychology, in anticipation of switching professional tracks .
More
Three generations, one office
She admits to feelings that border on depression but views them as a “productive indication” that she no longer wants to be a lawyer and desires a job with “more meaning”. A “ midlife crisis ” is how she views it.
“Midlife crisis” is not a clinical disorder. However, Dr Michael Sinclair, a consultant psychologist based in the City, has observed increasing numbers of thirtysomethings experiencing profound anxiety about their career choices and lives. “These are problems more commonly associated with people in their mid-forties thinking about mortality. They are coming out of recession, a period of being single-minded. They are burnt out and asking ‘what’s the point of work?’”
Louise Matthews , a former personal assistant in recruitment and insurance, believes that the “midlife crisis is beginning earlier these days”. She suggests it could be “because we have too much choice and information coming”, which can lead to feelings of dissatisfaction but also paralysis. “It can be pretty overwhelming.”
The notion of a midlife crisis, is contentious. Coined in 1965 by Elliot Jaques, a psychologist, he described it as “the adult encounter with the conception of life to be lived in the setting of an approaching personal death”. In popular mythology it is generally characterised by fortysomething men swapping families and jobs for sports cars, hair plugs and young girlfriends – all rather silly.
However, research published earlier this year found an average midlife dip in happiness – or subjective wellbeing as it is described by economists – happened between 40 and 42. Professor Nattavudh Powdthavee, co-author of the longitudinal research across three countries, says this confirms previous studies that show a hill-shape relationship between age and the use of antidepressants. It builds on research, published in 2012, that found chimpanzees and orangutans also experience a U-shape in happiness (as reported by zookeepers rather than the apes themselves). Prof Powdthavee says this suggests there could be biological explanations behind the midlife nadir. He sees this as a reason to be optimistic. “When you know this, you can go through the period thinking at some point it will get better.”
Mid-life crises can manifest themselves in different ways. “It is a transitionary phase,” says Dr Derek Milne, a psychologist from Newcastle University and author of Coping With a Mid-Life Crisis. “It can be intermittent or express itself as vague disquiet.”
Perhaps people in middle age can learn from the elderly who feel less regret and have adapted
Dr Hannes Schwandt of Princeton University believes midlife, unlike infancy and old age, is under-researched. Last year, he published research focused on “unmet expectations”. It found the young are optimistic – perhaps even “over-optimistic” – while those in their forties and fifties feel regret, before making their peace in older age. “Perhaps people in middle age can learn from the elderly who feel less regret and have adapted,” he suggests.
The fallout from midlife malaise might make people less productive, notes Dr Schwandt. Employers might therefore want to take note. “It could improve peoples’ wellbeing if we acknowledged the problem”, he says.
Jodie Rogers, a careers coach, says work is a source of crisis for her middle-aged clients. “They ask themselves what legacy they are leaving behind. They start to feel bad about feeling discontented. They have a job and pay cheque, they don’t know if they have the right to seek more. There is a real tug of war between the feeling they should be satisfied with their life and wanting to do something more meaningful.”
Paul Dolan, professor of behavioural science at the London School of Economics, and author of Happiness by Design, believes we need a mix of purpose and pleasure in order to feel truly happy. In a forthcoming paper, he argues that much of the economic literature on midlife crises focuses on our evaluations of what makes us happy rather than our actual experiences. In other words, the stories we tell ourselves about what makes us happy – that a prestigious job is good – even if our day-to-day experience of the work makes us miserable.
Other experts, however, dismiss any connection between age and crisis. Susan Krauss Whitbourne, professor of psychology at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, sees age as a “social construct, highly dependent on the individual”. The attraction of seeing midlife as a period prone to crisis, she says is akin to horoscopes: “It gives you certainty. It gives an excuse and an expectation.”
She does, however, think that today, more people want to express their true sense of self in their job.
Elizabeth agrees – she says her parents are baffled by her career dissatisfaction: “They say it is a luxury of my generation. They never thought of enjoying their careers – they just got on with it.”
Many people, says Prof Whitbourne, fantasise about dramatically quitting their jobs. But, she says, “it is better to make baby steps towards a change”.
Dr Sinclair agrees: “People can be too goal-focused. They have ticked off making money and career goals, and wonder what next?” He helps them to understand life is not about ticking off their goals but living by their values. Rather than resign, they may find that making small changes in their jobs, for example collaborating with colleagues or mentoring a junior employee, can make work feel more meaningful.
Further reading: Premium on youth puts careers in a corner
Arguably one of the biggest career anxieties for people in midlife is age discrimination, writes Emma Jacobs. “Older workers are often targeted during downturns because they are more experienced employees,” explains Patricia Cohen, author of In Our Prime: The Invention of Middle Age , “Their wages are higher and they may have more extensive benefits.” Moreover, the premium that many businesses put on youth, or the association between youth and creativity or innovation, can make middle-aged workers feel devalued.
Meanwhile, the ability to shift careers in midlife without worrying about income has become increasingly rare, she argues. “Those who have such options are very fortunate.”
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Economists try to solve the riddle© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/ec422956-3f22-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The return of the American borrowerRemember me on this computer
Sign in
"Remember me" uses a cookie. View our Cookie Policy .
Search

Obamas isolation deepens over IsisObama’s isolation deepens over Isis
By Geoff Dyer in Washington
President faces disquiet from the military and his own party
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da32d6d2-3f4c-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Key trade  biz announcements during China Xi s India visitSep 19, 2014, 08.30 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Key trade, biz announcements during China Xi's India visit
The world's two most populous nations used the summit to sign agreements to boost their commercial and trade ties, even as a dispute over their shared border overshadowed Xi's three-day visit to India that ends on Friday.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Key trade, biz announcements during China Xi's India visit
The world's two most populous nations used the summit to sign agreements to boost their commercial and trade ties, even as a dispute over their shared border overshadowed Xi's three-day visit to India that ends on Friday.
Post your opinion here
 
Chinese President Xi Jinping pledged on Thursday to invest USD 20 billion in India and give its companies greater access to key Chinese markets following talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi.
The world's two most populous nations used the summit to sign agreements to boost their commercial and trade ties, even as a dispute over their shared border overshadowed Xi's three-day visit to India that ends on Friday.
Here are some of the key announcements:
China will set up two industrial parks in India: one for power equipment in Modi's home state of Gujarat and another for automotive parts in the western Maharashtra state. New investments from China could help India reduce its trade deficit.
India and China signed a five-year plan to promote trade relations. China said it will give greater market access to Indian companies and products, especially in the pharmaceutical, farming and fuel industries.
The Export Import Bank of China signed an agreement with the State Bank of India , India's largest lender, to extend a USD 1.8 billion line of credit for projects including those importing Chinese products. A similar agreement was signed with India's  ICICI Bank for USD 1 billion.
Both developing countries decided to work together to steer regional cooperation and advance their efforts to build the BCIM (Bangladesh, China, India and Myanmar) economic corridor.
China will support India in reforming its crumbling railways by helping it improve the speed of trains. Redevelopment of railway stations and collaboration on high-speed trains will also be explored.
Indian private lender Axis Bank signed an agreement with China Development Bank to help Chinese companies with their requirements in India.
On Wednesday, business leaders from the two countries signed deals worth USD 3.43 billion in New Delhi. The biggest was a USD 2.6 billion deal between Indian budget airline IndiGo and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd for the financing of more than 30 new aircraft.
Chinese telecom equipment maker ZTE Corp and India's  Reliance Communications signed a deal worth USD 162 million.
Reliance Communications, India's fourth-largest mobile operator by customers, also signed a USD 157 million agreement with Huawei Technologies Co.
More than 20 other smaller deals totalling some USD 500 million were signed between Chinese and Indian firms. These companies signed agreements for an array of products including peanut oil, cotton and even seafood.
The Chinese city of Guangzhou and Indian city of Ahmedabad in Gujarat state signed an agreement for closer cooperation in fields such as environment and health. India also signed an agreement to promote better ties between Gujarat and Guangdong, China's richest and most liberal province.
A Gujarat government agency and the China Development Bank entered into a pact to assist Chinese investors in creating better infrastructure for industrial parks in India, as well as helping the investors obtain necessary clearances.
ICICI Bank stock price
On November 21, 2014, ICICI Bank closed at Rs 1734.00, up Rs 44.90, or 2.66 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1715.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 944.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 91.11 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 19.03. The latest book value of the company is Rs 632.32 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.74.
RELATED NEWS

Modi World Exclusive: Indian Muslims will live for India  die for India  says PM188
11
New Delhi: The patriotism of Indian Muslims cannot be questioned, asserted Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his first ever international interview since assuming office.
"Indian Muslims will live for India and die for India. Al Qaeda delusional to think Indian Muslims will dance to its tunes," Modi told CNN.
Modi, whose historic US visit is scheduled for later in September, stressed on the ties shared by the two countries. He said that there similarities between India and US given their history and culture.
#narendra modi #modi #india #us
Modi, however, accepted that there has been several ups and downs in the Indo-US relations in the past. However, he was confident that the ties have taken a new shape in the 21st century. "I am confident that India and US can develop genuine strategic alliance," he said.
He added," The Indo-US ties should not be seen within the limits of Delhi and Washington: Both the countries realise that their ties are in a much larger sphere."
Here is the full transcript:
Question: There are many people in the US and some in India who wish that the US and India were much closer allies - the world's oldest democracy, the world's biggest democracy. But somehow that has never happened, and there have always been these frictions and difficulties. Do you think its possible for the US and India to develop a genuinely strategic alliance?
PM: I have a one word answer, and with great confidence I say - yes. Let me explain - there are many similarities between US and India. If you look at the last few centuries, two things come to light - America has absorbed people from around the world, and there is an Indian in every part of the world. This characterises both the societies. Indians and Americans have co-existence in their natural temperament. Now yes, for sure, there have been ups and downs in our relationship in the last century. But from the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century, we have witnessed a big change. Our ties have deepened. India and the USA are bound together, by history and culture. These ties will deepen further.
Question: So far in your talks with the Obama administration, you have had several cabinet members come here - do you feel there is a genuine desire from Washington to try and upgrade the relationship with India substantially?
PM: Relations between India and America should not be seen within the limits of just Delhi and Washington. It is a much larger sphere. The good thing is that the mood of both Delhi and Washington is in harmony with this understanding. Both sides have played a role in this.
Question: The head of Al Qaeda has issued a video and an appeal trying to create an Al Qaeda in India/South Asia - he says he wants to free Muslims from the oppression they face in Kashmir, Gujarat. Do you worry that something like this could succeed?
PM: My understanding is that they are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country. If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India - they will not want anything bad for India.
Question: Why do you think it is that there is a remarkable phenomenon that you have 170 million Muslims, and there seem to be almost no or very few members of the Al Qaeda, even though Al Qaeda is in Afghanistan, and of course there are many in Pakistan - what is it that has made this community not as susceptible?
PM: Firstly, I'm not the authority for doing a psychological and religious analysis on this. But the question is whether or not humanity should be defended in the world. Whether or not believers in humanity should unite. This is a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race. So we have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else.
Watch the full interview on CNN-IBN on Sunday (September 21) at 4:30 pm.
7202

Sensex  Nifty Edge Higher Amid Cautious TradeYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Rise Amid Broad Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 19, 2014 11:14 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
BSE Sensex and Nifty gained some traction in noon trade with the indices rising nearly 0.5 per cent. Gains in Indian markets tracked higher Asian markets which were boosted after the Scottish independence vote indicated Scotland would remain in the United Kingdom.
Market expert Rajat Bose is cautious, saying that Nifty faces resistance at its all-time high level of 8,180 levels. Though the sentiment is strong, weekly technical indicators show some weakness, he added.
In currency trade, the rupee also edged higher to 60.77/dollar against its previous close of 60.83.
The Sensex was up 106 points to 27,218 while Nifty rose 38 points to 8,153. The buying activity was stronger in broader markets with BSE midcap and smallcap indices rising nearly 1 per cent.
Among frontline stocks, strong buying was seen in IT stocks, with HCL Tech, TCS and Tech Mahindra rising between 2.5 per cent and 4 per cent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added 0.2 per cent, also supported by cheer on Wall Street, where both the benchmark S&P 500 and the Dow Jones industrial average set intraday record highs. Sentiment was also underpinned by news that Alibaba Group Holding priced its IPO at $68 a share, the top end of the expected range, raising $21.8 billion on Thursday in one of the largest-ever stock offerings.
(With Agency Inputs)

LIVE: Scotland appears to say No toindependenceSupporters of the No campaign for the Scottish independence referendum celebrate after a result was announced at a No campaign event at a hotel in Glasgow, Scotland, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 9:38 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 1:44 pm
Scots on Friday rejected independence in a historic referendum and decided to remain in a 307-year-old union with the United Kingdom, in a relief to Prime Minister David Cameron.
With 30 out of Scotland’s 32 council areas having declared, the “No” side has an unbeatable lead of 1,877,252 votes to 1,512,688, official results confirmed today.
The winning total needed was 1,852,828 and nationally, the margin of victory is about 55 per cent to 45 per cent.
No supporters for the Scottish independence referendum celebrate the overall result at a No campaign event at an hotel in Glasgow, Scotland, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
This margin of victory is some three points greater than that anticipated by the final opinion polls.
The vote is the culmination of a two-year campaign and talks will now begin on devolving more powers to Scotland, which had joined the United Kingdom in 1707.
Glasgow, Scotland’s largest council area and the third largest city in Britain, voted in favour of independence by 194,779 to 169,347, with Dundee, West Dunbartonshire and North Lanarkshire also voting “Yes”.
But Edinburgh, the nation’s capital, rejected independence by 194,638 to 123,927, while Aberdeen City voted “No” by a margin of more than 20,000 votes.
Chief Counting Officer Mary Pitcaithly declares the result of the Scottish independence referendum in Edinburgh, Scotland, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
There have also been big wins for the pro-UK campaign in many other areas.
British Prime Minister David Cameron said: “I’ve spoken to Alistair Darling (head of the pro-UK Better Together campaign) – and congratulated him on a well-fought campaign.”
British Prime Minister David Cameron reads a statement to the media about Scotland’s referendum results, outside his official residence at 10 Downing Street in central London, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
He will make official statement on Scotland’s decision in a live televised address following the final result.
Deputy First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon told the BBC a no vote would be “a deep personal and political disappointment”.
“There is an appetite of change in Scotland, this country has changed forever,” he added.
After votes have been tallied, the chief counting officer, Mary Pitcaithly, in Edinburgh, is set to officially declare the result followed by a statement by Queen Elizabeth II.
No supporter Joanna Baxter from Ayrshire, second right, reacts to results in the Scottish independence referendum at the Marriott Hotel in Glasgow, Scotland as ballet papers are counted through the nigh Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
The people of Scotland had been queueing up to register their vote in the historic referendum yesterday to decide their future as part an independent country or the UK.
They had a simple “Yes” or “No” choice to the question: “Should Scotland be an independent country?”
Nearly 97 per cent of the electorate, adding up to 4,285,323 people, were registered to vote at 2,608 polling places across the country.

Scots embraced a historic moment as UK held itsbreathA doubtful ballot paper is held up as ballot papers are counted through the night in the Scottish Independence Referendum at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Edinburgh | Posted: September 19, 2014 9:38 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 9:42 am
From the capital of Edinburgh to the far-flung Shetland Islands, Scots embraced a historic moment and the rest of the United Kingdom held its breath after voters turned out in huge numbers for an independence referendum that could end Scotland’s 307-year union with England.
Results coming in early Friday brought cheer to the anti-independence “Better Together” camp. With 11 of 32 regional electoral centers reporting, the No side had about 53 percent of the vote to about 47 for the Yes side. But results from the big cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow were still to come.
Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson told the BBC she was confident the “silent majority” of Scots would deliver a No victory, but the Yes campaign said it was too early to predict the outcome.
After the polls closed late Thursday, a nationwide count began immediately. Many Scots stayed up overnight in homes and bars, awaiting a result that could possibly change their lives, shake financial markets worldwide and boost other independence movements from Flanders to Catalonia to Quebec.
“Why not roll the dice for once?” Yes supporter Thomas Roberts said at one Edinburgh polling station. “I’m going to sit with a beer in my hand watching the results coming in.”
At Highland Hall outside of Edinburgh, where the final result will be announced later Friday, vote-counters at dozens of tables sorted through paper ballots, watched keenly by monitors from the Yes and No camps.
Eager voters had lined up outside some polling stations even before they opened Thursday. Turnout totals for a number of regions ranged from 75 percent to over 90 percent, among the highest levels seen in decades. More than 4.2 million people had registered to vote 97 percent of those eligible including residents as young as 16.
For some, it was a day they had dreamed of for decades. For others, the time had finally come to make up their minds about the future both for themselves and for the United Kingdom.
“Fifty years I fought for this,” said 83-year-old Isabelle Smith, a Yes supporter in Edinburgh’s maritime district of Newhaven, a former fishing port. “And we are going to win. I can feel it in my bones.”
After polls closed, some No campaigners said they were confident they had swayed enough undecided voters to stave off independence. They may have been helped by a last-minute offer from Britain’s main political parties to give Scotland more powers if voters reject secession, and by fears about the future of Britain’s pensions and the National Health Service in an independent Scotland.
British Prime Minister David Cameron was to make a televised address about Britain’s future Friday morning after the result was announced.
The question on the ballot could not be simpler: “Should Scotland be an independent country?”
Yet it divided Scots during months of campaigning, generating an unprecedented volume and intensity of public debate and participation. The Yes side, in particular, energized young people and previously disillusioned working-class voters.
Many questions _ the currency an independent Scotland would use, its status within the 28-nation European Union and NATO, the fate of Britain’s nuclear-armed submarines, based at a Scottish port _ remain uncertain or disputed after months of campaigning.
One thing was known: A Yes vote would trigger 18 months of negotiations between Scottish leaders and London-based politicians on how the two countries would separate their institutions before Scotland’s planned Independence Day on March 24, 2016.
After weeks in which the British media talked of little else, the television airwaves were almost a referendum-free zone Thursday due to electoral rules. On the streets, it was a different story, with rival Yes and No billboards and campaigners outside many polling places.
For Smith, who went to the polling station decked out in a blue-and-white pro-independence shirt and rosette, statehood for Scotland was a dream nurtured during three decades living in the U.S. with her late husband.
“The one thing America has that the Scots don’t have is confidence,” said Smith, who returned to Scotland years ago. “But they’re getting it, they’re walking tall.”
Other Yes campaigners insisted Scots would not allow a return to the status quo, even if the independence bid failed.
“Whatever happens, Scotland is going to be different,” said Luke Campbell, a member of the Radical Independence Movement.
But some No supporters said the pro-independence campaign had fueled bad feeling among neighbors.
“The country is divided with a hatchet. It’s so awful and it was completely unnecessary,” said Fiona Mitchell, distributing No leaflets outside a polling station.
If the Yes side prevails, First Minister Alex Salmond will have realized a long-held dream of leading his country to independence from an alliance with England that was formed in 1707.
“This is our opportunity of a lifetime and we must seize it with both hands,” Salmond said in his final pre-vote speech.
Pro-independence forces got a last-minute boost Thursday from tennis star Andy Murray, who signaled his support of the Yes campaign in a tweet to his 2.7 million followers.
Anti-independence leaders, including former Prime Minister Gordon Brown, himself a Scot, implored Scots not to break their links with the rest of the United Kingdom and stressed the economic uncertainties that independence would bring. There were fierce disputes over whether an independent Scotland could use the pound and several major companies said they would move their headquarters from Scotland to England if the Yes vote prevailed.
Many Yes supporters headed to symbolic spots like Calton Hill overlooking Edinburgh, hoping the sun would rise Friday on a new dawn of independence and not just a hangover.
But financial consultant Michael MacPhee, a No voter, said he would observe the returns “with anxiety.”
Scottish independence is “the daftest idea I’ve ever heard,” he said.

Sensex rangebound; pharma  power  auto gainSensex rangebound; pharma, power, auto gain
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 09.56AM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(Nifty index also started…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex was moving in a range after a positive start led by gains in pharma, power and auto on the back of positive cues from Asian markets.
"The indices will hope to build on to Thursday's momentum. FII inflows are anticipated to be higher as ETF funds will up their investments given the rebalancing in the FTSE. 67 stocks have been added to the FTSE index while 23 stocks have been on the exclusion list. Three of the inclusions are Indian companies which are Motherson Sumi System, Eicher Motors and Aurobindo Pharma," said IIFL report.
At 09:35 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,160.45, up 48.24 points or 0.18 per cent. It touched a high of 27,189.73 and a low of 27,129.67 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8,138.15, up 23.40 points or 0.29 per cent. It touched a high of 8,145.80 and a low of 8,122.25 in early trade.
"It was a complete turnaround for our market as the Nifty surpassed the 8000 mark with an ease before anyone could realize it. Then the hourly '89 EMA' resistance level of 8030 was the only hurdle for the bulls, which immediately got conquered on the back of a strong momentum seen in most of the index heavyweights," said Angel Broking note.
"As a result, the Nifty went on to even cross the 8100 mark on a closing basis. Going forward, a sustainable move beyond the immediate resistance level of 8130 would open up the possibilities of a new all time high. On the flipside, 8080 - 8040 would now act as intraday support levels for the Nifty," the report added.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.91 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.95 per cent.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE Healthcare Index was up 0.77 per cent, the S&P BSE Power Index gained 0.85 per cent and the S&P BSE Auto Index rose 0.55 per cent.
Cipla (up 1.89 per cent), Tata Power (up 1.48 per cent), TCS (up 1.30 per cent), BHEL (up 1.29 per cent) and Hindalco (up 1.26 per cent) were among the Sensex gainers.
HUL (0.64 per cent), ITC (0.47 per cent), Reliance (0.45 per cent), M&M (0.30 per cent) and HDFC Bank (0.39 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 1,340 gainers against 455 losers.
The foreign institutional investors were net sellers worth Rs 9.57 crore and domestic institutional investors were net buyers worth Rs 84.45 crore on Monday as per the provisional data from the National Stock Exchange.
The Asian markets were witnessing buying action in trade today. The Nikkei 225 was up 1.75 per cent, Seoul Composite rose 0.51 per cent, Hang Seng was 0.35 per cent higher and Taiwan Weighted moved up 0.08 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Birthday boy Narendra Modi gets mother s blessingsBirthday boy Narendra Modi gets mother's blessings
Virendra Pandit
Tweet
Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeks blessings from his mother Hiraba on his birthday at the latter's residence in Gandhinagar early on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeks blessings from his mother Hiraba on his birthday at the latter's residence in Gandhinagar early on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeks blessings from his mother Hiraba on his birthday at the latter's residence in Gandhinagar early on Wednesday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi seeks blessings from his mother Hiraba on his birthday at the latter's residence in Gandhinagar early on Wednesday.
Ahmedabad, Sept 17:  
Following a tradition he commenced in 1967, when he left home to join the society full-time, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who turned 64 on Wednesday, met his nonagenarian mother, Hiraben, here to seek her blessings.
The affectionate mother, 94, blessed her illustrious son in an emotional reunion. Sitting on a plastic chair, she also fed “laddoo” to Modi and gifted Rs 5,001 which would be donated towards the PM’s Relief Fund for the flood victims of Jammu and Kashmir. Modi spent about 15 minutes with his mother and other family members.
When Modi took her blessings on September 17, 2013, she had gifted him Rs 11 while on May 22, before he left for New Delhi to take oath as PM, she had gifted Rs 501.
Although the Gujarat Government launched a series of welfare programmes to mark Modi’s birthday during his presence here, the PM had urged the people not to celebrate the occasion with pomp and donate liberally for providing relief to the flood victims of Jammu and Kashmir
Modi, who arrived on his home turf of Gujarat on Tuesday on a two-day visit, the first after he took oath as PM on May 26, and stayed at the Raj Bhavan here, drove down to his younger brother Pankaj’s residence in Sector 22 to meet Hiraben. The mother has been staying with her younger son, a Gujarat Government official, for long.
Every year, Modi visits his mother at least twice, the other occasion being Diwali. Also, he seeks her blessings at the time of elections and victories, or before taking oaths.
Birthday wishes
Modi’s 64th birthday is significant because he is going to host the visiting Chinese President, Xi Linping, in Ahmedabad. Jinping congratulated Modi whom he is scheduled to meet in the afternoon.
The PM also received congratulatory calls from President Pranab Mukherjee and Japanese PM Shinzo Abe, among others.
Gujarat Chief Minister Anandiben Patel, a close confidante of Modi and his successor, tweeted early this morning to wish the PM and also “saluted” his mother. She visited the Raj Bhavan to personally greet the PM.
(This article was published on September 17, 2014)
Related

Maharashtra polls: Decision to contest for 144 seats a justified demand  says NCP42
0
Mumbai: Ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly elections, seat sharing has emerged as a contentious for the Congress-NCP alliance as well. The National Congress Party said that its decision to contest for 144 seats was a justified demand and even threatened to break the alliance.
Justifying his demand for equal seat sharing, Maharashtra Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar said past mistakes will not be repeated if the NCP emerges as the single-largest party, as it did in 2004 Assembly polls.
To a question on whether he would be the chief ministerial candidate, he said that elected MLAs of the party would decide on their leader.
#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #congress #ncp
In 2004, the NCP emerged as the single-largest party with 71 seats but ceded the chief ministerial post to ally Congress in return for two additional cabinet and three ministers of state.
Pawar said if the NCP gets to form the government it would scrap toll levy and decision making would be faster.
Referring to Congress MLA Prashant Thakur quitting the party to join BJP over the issue of Kharghar toll plaza, Pawar lamented that a young political activist like Prashant quit over this issue.
"40 per cent of the state population pass through the Khargar toll to come to Mumbai. I was in favour of the scrapping of the toll but Cidco and MMRDA would need to pay Rs 1200 crore to the government.. It was not a big deal but the Chief Minister did not agree," he said.
Pawar said that the NCP demand for 144 seats was justified. "It is a practical demand. Earlier, formulas were worked out on the basis of previous election results. So according to the latest Lok Sabha poll result we deserve equal sharing. There is no headway in Congress-NCP talks so far, he said.
"Congress has rejected our demand for equal seats. We are hopeful that intervention of Sharad Pawar and Sonia Gandhi will help to resolve the deadlock," he said.
1

Indra Nooyi is world s third most powerful woman in businessHi Guest
Indra Nooyi is world's third most powerful woman in business
PepsiCo's India-born CEO Indra Nooyi has been ranked third most powerful businesswoman by Fortune, the only Indian-origin woman on the 2014 list topped by IBM Chairman and CEO Ginni Rometty and General Motors CEO Mary Barra. Fortune said nearly half the women on 'The Most Powerful Women in Business 2014' list run huge companies, which is a record and "all are working hard to transform their businesses." Nooyi, 58, dropped from the second position she held last year to third.   PepsiCo ...

Rupee strengthens to 60.74 in early tradeRupee trading a tad weak at 60.86
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
The rupee was trading a tad weak at 60.86 against the dollar at 4.05 p.m. local time due to mild dollar demand from importers and dollar's gains against other currencies overseas.
After opening strong by 10 paise to 60.74 against the US dollar in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market today, the domestic unit hovered in the range of 60.73 and 60.88 in the afternoon trade.
Yesterday, the Indian rupee had ended eight paise higher at 60.84 against the greenback following late dollar selling by exporters and a strong rally in local shares.
In the previous three sessions, the rupee gained 29 paise.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Scotland referendum: Historic  No  vote set to crash independence partyE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Scots voting against independence  early results showScots voting against independence, early results show
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 09.40AM IST
With 16 of 32 regions declared so far, the nationalists have only won two while the "No" camp has 56 per cent of the vote.
ET SPECIAL:
EDINBURGH: Scotland has voted against breaking from the United Kingdom in half its constituencies home to nearly one third of the electorate, early results from a divisive independence referendum showed.
Scotland's final verdict on the union should be clear around breakfast time on Friday.
With 16 of 32 regions declared so far, the nationalists have only won two. According to Reuters calculations, the "No" camp has 56 percent of the vote although the biggest areas have yet to declare.
Sterling rose sharply in Asian trade while bookmakers' odds showed victory for unionists was much more likely and unionists campaigners clapped and cheered as results were announced.
"It seems to me that we are going to have a 'No' majority in this referendum, though obviously there is a long way to go," Danny Alexander, the Scottish-born Chief Secretary to the Treasury, told Reuters.
"That's great news for Scotland and for the United Kingdom, but also just a start to the serious task to make sure that Scotland gets the additional power that it needs," said Alexander, a Liberal Democrat with a Scottish constituency.
Though the results boosted the spirits of the unionist campaign, hours remained before the results from Scotland's biggest cities - where the fate of the United Kingdom is likely to be sealed - were due to be reported.
The campaign for independence has galvanised this country of 5.3 million but also divided friends and families from the remote Scottish islands of the Atlantic to the tough city estates of Glasgow.
Breaking apart the United Kingdom has worried allies, investors and the entire British elite whose leaders rushed late in the campaign to check what opinion polls showed was a surge in support for independence.
Seeking to tap into a cocktail of historical rivalry, opposing political tastes and a perception that London has mismanaged Scotland, nationalists say Scots, not London, should rule Scotland to build a wealthier and fairer country.
Unionists say independence would usher in financial, economic and political uncertainty and diminish the UK's standing in the world. They have warned that Scotland would not keep the pound as part of a formal currency union.
Beyond the money and power, the referendum has provoked deep passions in Scotland, drawn in many voters who ignore traditional political campaigns and underscored what London politicians admit is a need for wider constitutional change.
Scotland's Fate
Voters lined up at polling stations across Scotland to vote with 4.28 million voters, or 97 percent of the electorate, registered to vote. Turnout hit a record high.
They were asked to answer "Yes" or "No" to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?".
A YouGov poll of 1,828 voters the organisation had previously polled indicated 54 percent of Scots would back the union while 46 percent would seek independence.
YouGov said it had picked up a "small but significant late swing" towards supporters of the 307-year union between Scotland and England on polling day, though it cautioned the survey was merely a snapshot.
"It looks like the union will remain intact for the time being," YouGov research manager Laurence Janta-Lipinski told Reuters of the survey carried out on Thursday which was not an exit poll.
Electoral officials said the result will be announced around sunrise on Friday when all regional votes have been submitted but first results indicated that nationalists had not done as well as expected.
"The evidence that the No side are going to win is beginning to stack up," said John Curtice, a professor at Strathclyde University and a leading authority on polling.
With more than 486,000 voters, Scotland's largest city of Glasgow is crucial and is due to report around 0400 GMT. The capital Edinburgh is also expected around that time.
Other key regions to watch are North and South Lanarkshire and Aberdeenshire where Alex Salmond, the 59-year-old nationalist leader, cast his vote on Thursday.
"From what you can see, 'No' seem to have a lead at this stage. Whether it is insurmountable, I don't know. But there's a lot of people feeling slightly deflated," independence supporter Stan Blackley of the Scottish Green Party told Reuters.
Page 1 of 2

Top 17 stocks in focus in today s trade; what experts sayYou are here: Home > Collections
Seventeen stocks in focus in Friday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex continued its up streak after a positive start led by gains in pharma, power and auto on the back of positive cues from Asian markets.
At 11:02 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,243.01, up 130.80 points.
The Nifty was at 8,159.50, up 44.75 points
The sudden recovery in the benchmarks positively surprised the participants on Thursday as it erased the loss of last three sessions. The US Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates near zero for a considerable time; triggered the initial positivity.
"After steep recovery, it is likely that index would witness pause on Friday; however, stock specific move will keep the traders busy," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"It is crucial to maintain extra caution in stock selection and keep check on position sizing as we have been witnessing volatile moves," he added.
Manglik is of the view that one can choose counters from banking, IT and liquid midcap space for fresh buying in the next session"
Here is a list of seventeen stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Tata Group Companies: Moody's Investors Service has upgraded the ratings of several Tata Group companies to reflect our expectation of parental and systemic support in the case of need, which has been exhibited both in the form of extraordinary financial support from Tata Sons Ltd. (unrated), the ultimate parent, and ongoing support through their close association with the Tata brand.
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Telecom major Bharti Airtel may have to cough up Rs 436 crore for merging Airtel Broadband Services with itself towards differential spectrum cost and migration fee, DoT sources said.
Tech Mahindra Ltd: Tech Mahindra said it will work with Bosch Software Innovations to develop an ecosystem to offer solutions for smart cities with billions of things inter-connected via the Internet.
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd: Country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India appointed R S Kalsi as head of domestic marketing and sales following the resignation of Mayank Pareek from the company.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Reliance Jio Infocomm has signed a tower-sharing deal with GTL Infrastructure Ltd. (GTL), which will help the telecom unit of Reliance Industries roll out its much-awaited high speed data and voice services faster and at a lower cost across India.
ICICI Bank Ltd: Export-Import Bank of China (China Exim Bank) and China Development Bank Corporation (CDB) today signed various agreements with SBI, ICICI BankBSE and Axis Bank to facilitate trade between the two countries.
L&T Ltd: Larsen & Toubro's overseas subsidiary L&T Oman LLC has bagged a contract from the Sultanate of Oman for construction of the Adam Airbase in Al Dakhiliya Governorate, the company said today.
Infosys: The IT major has announced new partnerships with Microsoft, Hitachi Data Systems and Huawei to deepen its product offerings in new disruptive areas, including cloud and big data analytics, communication, infrastructure and data centre transformation segments.
M&M Ltd: E-commerce firm Snapdeal on Thursday started accepting prebookings for the new variant of Mahindra & Mahindra's (M&M) mainstay SUV Scorpio, making it the first time automobile bookings have debuted on a third-party electronic marketplace in India and marking another maturity milestone for the country's fledgling e-retail sector.
Ranbaxy, Cipla: Ranbaxy Labs and Cipla are among the companies which would face the maximum brunt of the new price cuts announced by National Pharma Pricing Authority (NPPA) early this week.
GMR Infrastructure Ltd: Nepal's centre-left cabinet on Thursday cleared the way for an Indian firm to build a $1.4 billion hydroelectric plant in the northwest of the country, a cabinet minister said, the Himalayan republic's biggest foreign investment scheme.
ITC: The ingredients are all there in this sacred space: a big consumer market that no large company has managed to dominate, the ongoing festive season, daily rituals to please the gods, and social media savvy youngsters as potential customers.
Bajaj Electricals Ltd: The company is expecting good business across segments - consumer durables, engineering and lighting - in the current fiscal that could see its total turnover reach Rs 4,800 crore, a growth of 20 per cent.
NMDC: The country's biggest iron ore producer which had acquired an additional 30 per cent stake in Australian firm Legacy Iron Ore, today said it will commence mining there in a year or two.
United Spirits & ZEE Entertainment: United Spirits will be replaced by Zee Entertainment Enterprises in the National Stock Exchange's benchmark index Nifty from Friday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS hits a new high; seen returning 22%You are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
TCS hits fresh record high, hits 2700; top gainer on BSE & NSE
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 11.08AM IST
Tags:
beneficiary
(TCS was trading 2.6 per cent…)
NEW DELHI: Tata Consultancy Services Ltd rose as much as 2.8 per cent in trade on Friday to hit its fresh 52-week high of 2711 and was also the top percentage gainer on both BSE Sensex and 50-share Nifty index.
At 09:50 a.m.; TCS was trading 2.78 per cent higher at Rs 2710. It has hit a low of Rs 2638.05 and a 52-week high of Rs 2711 in trade today on the BSE.
TCS was trading 2.6 per cent higher at Rs 2711. It hit a low of Rs 2642 and a 52-week high of Rs 2713 in trade today on the NSE.
According to experts, TCS is a prime beneficiary of growing demand for offshoring and stands as the leading digital vendor. As the industry embarks on a new technology spending cycle, they expect TCS to enjoy sector-leading revenue and earnings growth.
Earlier in the week, CLSA which has a 'buy' rating on the stock raised their target price to Rs 3,200, 21x one-year forward earnings, which translates into an upside of nearly 22 per cent from Thursday's closing price of Rs 2636.65.
"Improving market conditions and a period of secular growth is likely to drive this multiple, in-line with multiples TCS saw in its earlier growth periods during 2005-07 and 2010-11," added the report.
Global IT services market continues to expand even as global sourcing is becoming mainstream. Technology intensity is rising across all industries and digital is the latest example.
The management said that demand is intact and better than previous year though Cognizant has pointed out client specific issues. Expect FY15 to be a better year than FY14, and 1HFY15 to be better than 2HFY15, highlighted the CLSA report.
Earlier in the month, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), India's largest information technology services provider, announced its board of directors had re-appointed N Chandrasekaran as the chief executive officer and managing director (CEO & MD) for five years.
TCS has rallied over 25 per cent so far in the year 2014 and analysts see more upside in the next 12 months as well. The much debated hike in US interest rates is also helping most of the IT stocks .
The growth pick-up in the United States & Europe and weak rupee against the US dollar has been the key drivers for the Indian IT exporters.
"In case the interest rates scenario in the US turns around and dollar strengthens, this augurs well for the IT companies and it is always insulated from inflationary pressures," said Gaurang Shah, VP, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services .
"If you are risk averse , you can definitely look at names like TCS. You may get a conservative return of 25-30 per cent, but at least you have a stable investment," he added.
Shah is of the view that those with risk-on mode can definitely look at small and midcap names across the sectors because most of these names are definitely performing well.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scottish referendum: Results suggest Scots reject independenceUpdated: September 20, 2014 01:17 IST
Scots vote to stay in a united kingdom
Parvathi Menon
Tweet
People who voted against the Scottish independence referendum celebrate an early result at a 'No' campaign event at a hotel in Glasgow, Scotland, on Friday. Photo: AP
People who voted against the Scottish independence referendum celebrate an early result at a 'No' campaign event at a hotel in Glasgow, Scotland, on Friday. Photo: AP
An official checks ballot papers as counting continues in the Scottish Independence Referendum at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh, Scotland on Friday. Photo: AP
TOPICS
referendum and plebiscite
The margin of the ‘No’ camp’s victory has surprised both sides
With Scotland’s decisive rejection of the Independence option in the landmark referendum held on Thursday, the political focus in both Edinburgh and Westminster has shifted to the question of ‘devo max’ (maximum devolution) and the specifics of the devolution package that the leaders of the three main parties of the United Kingdom promised on the eve of the referendum.
The victory of the ‘No’ campaign, led by the two Labour leaders — the former Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Labour’s Alistair Darling – was anticipated by opinion polls. It is the extent of the ‘No’ camp’s victory, however, that has come as a surprise to both sides. The sound and fury of the last two weeks, dominated by the ‘Yes’ campaign, had sent politics and markets into a churn.
An unprecedented turnout of 84.59 per cent led the ‘Yes’ camp, which had in the last few weeks of the campaign mobilised a large number of voters to register, to believe that the new voters would vote their way. The results proved the opposite: the majority were simply not convinced of the merits of going it alone.
The ‘No’ campaign received 2.1 million votes or 55.3 per cent of the total votes cast; the ‘Yes’ side trailed with 1.8 million or 44.7 per cent of the votes.
The ‘Yes’ campaign, in fact, won only in four of 32 councils — the former Labour stronghold of Glasgow (53.49 per cent), Dundee City (57.35 percent), North Lanarkshire (51.07 per cent) and West Dunbartonshire (53.96 per cent).
First Minister Alex Salmond, the able political leader of the ‘Yes’ campaign, was magnanimous in defeat, thanking voters for pledging their support for his campaign, and called on the three main U.K. parties to “live up” to their promises of devolution. “I accept the verdict of the people and I call on all of Scotland to follow suit,” he said. “It is important to say that our referendum was an agreed and consented process and Scotland has by a majority decided not at this stage to become an independent country.”
He repeated his charge against Westminster of “scaremongering” and claimed that the “mass movement” created by the ‘Yes’ campaign had terrified the government. The max devo package has yet to be spelt out, and initial statements by Prime Minister David Cameron suggest that it has already created divisions.

No  vote leads count of Scotland referendumResults of Scotland independence referendum: 'No' campaign victorious
By Euan McKirdy, Laura Smith-Spark and Nic Robertson, CNN
September 19, 2014 -- Updated 0550 GMT (1350 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
NEW: Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom
"No" camp wins majority of councils already declared
With majority of councils reporting, "No" lead unlikely to be overturned
The referendum will decide if Scotland remains part of the United Kingdom
Glasgow, Scotland (CNN) -- [Breaking news alert, 6:23 a.m. GMT (01:23 a.m. ET)]
Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom -- along with England, Wales and Northern Ireland -- following a historic referendum vote. A majority of voters rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away and becoming an independent nation.
With 31 of 32 councils declared, the "No" campaign has won the referendum on Scottish independence.
Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond admitted defeat in Scotland's independence referendum Friday -- and urged the rest of Scotland to do the same.
In a televised statement, he thanked Scotland "for 1.6 million votes for Scottish independence."A turnout of 86% is one of the highest in the democratic world for any such vote, he said.
[Original story published at 12.37 p.m. ET]
Voters in Scotland made their choice Thursday -- remain part of the United Kingdom, or form their own independent nation. They chose to remain.
With 31 of 32 of councils reporting, the "No" campaign had garnered enough votes to secure their victory, and with it Scotland's continued place within the union.
The first councils to declare all went to the "No" campaign, as did the capital, Edinburgh, which voted overwhelmingly to stay in the union with 123,927 for "Yes" and 194,628 "No" votes. Argyll and Bute and Aberdeenshire also voted "No."
Glasgow delivered a solid win for the independence camp with 194,779 votes for "Yes," and 169,347 for "No," but lead was not big enough to overturn the "No" camp's overall majority so far, which maintains a 8% (54% to 46%) lead over pro-independence camp.
The majority of the early results have been going the anti-independence camp's way. The "No" campaign extended lead with Angus and East Dunbartonshire council results, alongside a landslide in Dumfries and Galloway. The oil-rich city of Aberdeen also strongly voted for the unionist camp.
The city of Dundee was the first big gain for the independence campaign, voting "Yes" with 53,620 votes for, 39,880 against.
The individual counts by local authorities are ultimately immaterial as it is the total number of votes countrywide that will determine the outcome.
Polls at more than 5,500 stations across all districts, from the remote highlands and islands to the big cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow, closed at 10 p.m. local time (5 p.m. ET). People still in line to vote at that time were allowed to cast ballots.
High turnout
The first districts to report turnout reported high participation -- well over 80% in most cases -- Mary Pitcaithly, chief counting officer, announced in Edinburgh.
Turnout in Glasgow, one of the Yes campaign's heartlands, was a relatively disappointing 75%.
More than 4.2 million people registered to vote on the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?"
Decision day for Scotland
Expert: 'Yes' would humiliate Cameron
Scotland votes: See the TV ads
People opposed to Scottish independence celebrate the final results of a historic referendum Friday, September 19, in Edinburgh, Scotland. A majority of voters -- 55% to 45% -- rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away from the United Kingdom and becoming an independent nation.
A supporter of an independent Scotland cries as referendum results are announced September 19 in Edinburgh.
A discarded "Yes" sticker lies on cobblestones along Edinburgh's Royal Mile on September 19.
Alistair Darling, leader of the pro-union "Better Together" campaign, addresses supporters in Glasgow, Scotland, after the announcement of the referendum's final results September 19.
Dejected independence supporters make their way home in Edinburgh on September 19.
Ballots cast against Scottish independence get stacked on a table as votes are counted in Edinburgh on September 19.
Ballot boxes are opened as counting begins Thursday, September 18, in Aberdeen, Scotland.
Ballot counting was tiring for staffers working through the night at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh.
Ballot papers are counted in Aberdeen after the polls closed on September 18.
Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond passes an pro-union campaigner in Ellon, Scotland, on September 18. Salmond, leader of the independence movement, later accepted defeat and urged supporters to do the same.
Campaigners on both sides of Scotland's independence referendum stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
A man walks to a polling station to cast his vote in Ballater, Scotland, on September 18.
Campaigners stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
People wait to cast ballots inside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
A voter arrives at a polling place September 18 in Edinburgh.
A pro-union campaigner distributes leaflets at a polling station in Glasgow on September 18.
Salmond talks with supporters September 18 in Turriff, Scotland.
A dog wearing a pro-independence bandana walks down a street September 18 in Glasgow.
Darling, second from left, stands with his wife, Maggie, outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
Salmond chats with reporters after casting his vote September 18 in Strichen, Scotland.
A pro-independence campaigner displays his message September 18 in Strichen.
Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown talks to pro-union campaigners outside a polling station in Queensferry, Scotland, on September 18.
A young voter leaves a polling station September 18 in Edinburgh.
Campaigners on both sides of the issue stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
Scotland votes

Mutual Fund NAVs soar led by positive market performanceSep 19, 2014, 10.24 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mutual Fund NAVs soar led by positive market performance
Mutual Funds across domain advanced as the market staged a stunning broad-based rally and went raging boosted by China’s fund pledge.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mutual Fund NAVs soar led by positive market performance
Mutual Funds across domain advanced as the market staged a stunning broad-based rally and went raging boosted by China’s fund pledge.
Post your opinion here
 
Equity Mutual Funds across domain advanced as the market staged a stunning broad-based rally and went raging boosted by China’s fund pledge. The bulls regained lost ground on Dalal Street digesting the FOMC meet outcome. All Equity funds across categories including sector space excelled with no decline.
The Sensex ended 480.92 points or 1.81 percent higher at 27112.21 and the Nifty was up 139.25 points or 1.75 percent at 8114.75. The Nifty is now within 1 percent of its record high level. Both the benchmark indices gained most since June 2, 2014.
Deven Choksey, MD, KR Choksey Shares and Securities feels the market upmove may be due to short covering-led buying. He says buying from long only funds could have led to the short covering-led rally. However, there is a possibility of some moderate correction in case the buying is subsided.
In the fixed income space, all the funds in debt space too advanced with no decline as the government bond yields ended steady for a third straight session on Wednesday, ahead of the outcome of the US Federal Reserve's policy meeting, which is expected to offer fresh clues on when it plans to begin lifting interest rates. Dhawal Dalal, DSP BlackRock said, "We expect bonds to continue to do well as both macro economic and global landscape is supportive in the near term. We expect the 10-year to trade between 8.40-8.50 percent in the near term."
Here is the day’s performance and the gainers and losers across categories.
Equity diversified: Top gainers
*  Sundaram S.M.I.L.E Fund - Regular Plan (G) up 3.13%
*  HSBC Progressive Themes Fund (G) up 3.11%
*  ICICI Prudential Value Fund - Series 4 - Regular Plan (G) up 2.82%
Equity diversified: Top losers
*  Mirae Asset Global Commodity Stock Fund - Regular Plan (G) down 0.38%
*  Franklin Asian Equity Fund (G) down 0.21%
*  Birla Sun Life Commodity Equities - Global Agri Plan - Retail Plan (G) down 0.20%
Tax saving funds: Top gainers
*  Religare Invesco AGILE Tax Fund (G) up 2.37%
*  SBI TAX Advantage Fund - Series II (G) up 2.22%
*  SBI Magnum Tax Gain Scheme (G) up 2.14%
Tax saving funds: Top losers
*  No Losers
*  UTI Transportation and Logistics Fund (G) up 2.48%
*  Reliance Diversified Power Sector Fund - Retail Plan (G) up 2.35%
*  JM Basic Fund (G) up 2.14%
Sector funds: Top losers

Overweight on India  see Nifty at 9000 by Sep 2015: GoldmanLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Overweight on India, see Nifty at 9000 by Sep 2015: Goldman
“We continue to be overweight on India with a Nifty target of 9,000 by September 2015,” says Timothy Moe, Goldman Sachs.
Post your opinion here
 
Timothy Moe, Goldman Sachs says regional equities have seen a positive but volatile Q3 so far, in-line with our expectations. “As we look through the remaining months of the year, we believe the macro environment will remain favourable for Asian equities as US growth continues to recover in Q4,” he adds.
“We continue to be overweight on India with a Nifty target of 9,000 by September 2015,” says Moe.
Also read: See better Q2; bullish on medium-to-long term: Geosphere
Sakthi Siva, Credit Suisse says five of the nine names in our basket Apollo Tyres , Tata Motors , HCL Technologies ,  Wipro and  Tech Mahindra are the beneficiaries of further rupee weakness.
“Other catalysts could be expansion of ECB QE and a bottoming in European macro data. For further cues, we await September readings on the European manufacturing PMI and German IFO business expectations are due on 23 and 24 September, respectively,” she adds.
RELATED NEWS

Scotland rejects independence  results suggestAfter vote to stay in UK, Scots must heal divide
By JILL LAWLESS | Associated Press –  Sat 20 Sep, 2014
Leader of Scottish Independence Push Concedes
Associated Press Videos  1:18
EDINBURGH, Scotland (AP) — Following a long night that brought floods of relief for some and bitter disappointment for others, Scotland awoke with a hangover Friday after voting to reject independence.
Now, the task was to heal the divide — and use the energy the referendum unleashed to hold London politicians to promises of more powers for Scotland.
The result — 55 percent to 45 percent — was more decisive than pollsters had foreseen and prompted Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond, who led the unsuccessful Yes campaign, to resign.
But it meant almost half of Scotland's more than 5 million people woke up in a country, the United Kingdom, that they wished to leave.
Queen Elizabeth II, who has kept out of the political debate, said Friday that "all of us throughout the United Kingdom will respect" the result.
In a statement from her Scottish home at Balmoral castle, the monarch said "despite the range of views that have been expressed, we have in common an enduring love of Scotland, which is one of the things that helps to unite us all."
Still, Yes supporters have first to get over their bitter disappointment.
"This time, I thought my vote would count for something," said truck driver Calum Noble, 25, his voice cracking with emotion as a drizzly mist enveloped the Scottish city of Glasgow.
"I wanted a better country, but it's all been for nothing. I don't believe we will get any of the things the London politicians promised."
Salmond's impassioned plea to launch a new nation fell short, with Scots choosing instead the security of remaining in union with England, Wales and Northern Ireland.  Yet the independence drive tapped a wellspring of youth and energy that campaigners vowed would endure.
"My time as leader is nearly over, but for Scotland the campaign continues and the dream shall never die," Salmond said Friday as he announced he would step down as first minister and leader of the Scottish National Party in November.
Salmond said Thursday's vote on independence had been "galvanizing, wonderful, empowering."
"We now have the opportunity to hold Westminster's feet to the fire on the vow that they have made to devolve further meaningful power to Scotland," he said.
In the last weeks of the campaign, Prime Minister David Cameron and other London-based politicians vowed more autonomy for Scotland if voters rejected separation.  A visibly relieved Cameron said Friday he would stick to his word on further powers for each of the U.K. four regions — a pledge that could change the country forever.
Promising to give Scotland new powers on taxes, spending and welfare, Cameron told reporters outside his Downing Street office that the new plans would be agreed upon by November, with draft legislation by January.
"Just as the people of Scotland will have more power over their affairs, so it follows that the people of England, Wales and Northern Ireland must have a bigger say over theirs," Cameron said. "The rights of these voters need to be respected, preserved and enhanced as well."
Turnout in the referendum was just under 85 percent, the highest level in Britain for more than half a century.
The No campaign won by wide margins in the capital, Edinburgh, and in Aberdeen, the country's oil center. The Yes campaign won Glasgow, Scotland's biggest city.
The vote had riveted the world. The strength of Scotland's pro-independence feeling had concerned leaders of NATO and the European Union — and the result disappointed separatist movements from Catalonia to Italy to Quebec.
"At least the Scots went to the polls," said Matteo Mognaschi, an observer from Italy's separatist-minded Northern League who went to Edinburgh to see the vote. "They won't even let us vote."
The No vote saved Scotland's 307-year union with England, bringing a huge sigh of relief to Britain's economic and political establishment, including Cameron, who faced calls for his resignation if Scotland had broken away.  It also kept United Kingdom from losing a substantial part of its territory and oil reserves or having to find a new base for its nuclear arsenal, now housed in Scotland.
In Washington, President Barack Obama welcomed Scotland's choice and congratulated Scots for their "full and energetic exercise of democracy."
"Harry Potter" author J.K. Rowling, who had given 1 million pounds ($1.6 million) to the No campaign, hailed "a huge turnout, a peaceful democratic process: We should be proud."
The decision spares Britain a prolonged period of financial insecurity. The pound rose to a high of $1.6509 Friday after the result, and London's FTSE 100 index was also one of the best-performing stock markets in Europe, trading 0.7 percent higher on the day.
"We have chosen unity over division," Alistair Darling, head of the No campaign, said Friday in Glasgow.
Yet in Scotland, deep divisions remain.
Many saw the independence battle as a "heads versus hearts" campaign, with cautious older Scots concluding that independence would be too risky financially, while younger ones were enamored with the idea of building their own country.
The Yes side was more vocal and more visible, but the day was won by what former Prime Minister Gordon Brown — a Scot whose emotional calls for union were crucial to the campaign — called the "silent majority."
"Just because I'm not out in the street in a kilt screaming how Scottish I am, that doesn't mean I'm not a proud Scot. I am. And a proud Brit," said Ger Robertson, 47, who celebrated the result at home in Edinburgh with a dram of his favorite single-malt whiskey.
As dawn broke to lead-gray skies, the dream of independence that had seemed so tantalizingly close evaporated in the soft drizzle the locals call dreich.
Glasgow's George Square, the rallying point for thousands of Yes supporters, was littered with placards and campaign debris. In Edinburgh, a crowd of disappointed would-be revelers outside the Scottish Parliament melted away and the city resumed its workaday routine.
After dark, however, divisions flared in George Square, where hundreds of hard-liners from Glasgow's Protestant loyalist community taunted a smaller group of pro-independence activists. Police, some on horseback, spent hours protecting the Scottish nationalists from the much larger pro-union crowd, who waved British flags, chanted "Rule Britannia!" and used flares to burn Scottish flags. There were no reports of arrests or injuries.
To heal such divisions, the Church of Scotland was to hold a service of reconciliation Sunday at Edinburgh's St. Giles Cathedral, urging the nation to unite.
"It's been very tense," said Geoff Aird, a retired firefighter who voted No.
"Because it was so close, there could still be agitation for something more for the Yes campaign," he said. "I would understand that and accept that. Let's listen to what the Yes people say."
___
Associated Press Writers Danica Kirka in London, Shawn Pogatchnik in Edinburgh and Paul Kelbie in Glasgow contributed to this report.
Recommend

Alibaba to net $22 bln in IPO post pricing shares at $68Alibaba to net $22 bln in IPO post pricing shares at $68
Scotland  No  Vote Opens Path to Further DevolutionScotland  No  Vote Opens Path to Further Devolution
Want to switch from Android to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus Read thisWant to switch from Android to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus Read this
Biocon up 3%  sells 10% stake in Syngene to Silver LeafBiocon up 3%  sells 10% stake in Syngene to Silver Leaf
Global environment looks good: Prashasta SethGlobal environment looks good: Prashasta Seth
Rupee trades higher on foreign fund buyingRupee trades higher on foreign fund buying
Hemo Organic to hold AGMHemo Organic to hold AGM
Chinese companies  love affair with India: The real storyHi Guest
Chinese companies' love affair with India: The real story
Image: A dragon-shaped lantern is lit up at a temple fair in Nanjing, Jiangsu province, in China Photograph: Sean Yong/Reuters  Chinese companies have so far invested $396 million in India.  But this doesn’t reveal the real story. In 2013, India imported mobile phones worth around Rs 36,000 crore (Rs 360 billion), of which 90 per centwas from China. Chinese companies have executed infrastructure contracts in India worth $24.57 billion till 2011. No wonder China is keen on investing ...

The Indian stock market has opened on a firm note this morning  tracking positive global cuesThe Indian stock market has opened on a firm note this morning  tracking positive global cues
Scottish voters have rejected independenceScotland to stay within UK
Reuters
Tweet
Supporters from the "No" Campaign react to a declaration in their favour, at the Better Together Campaign headquarters in Glasgow, Scotland, on September 19, 2014. Scotland has voted on whether to stay within the United Kingdom or end the 307-year-old union in a finely balanced independence referendum with global consequences. Photo: Reuters
Edinburgh, Sept 19:  
Scottish voters have rejected independence, results showed on Friday.
Results showed support for the union had now exceeded 50 per cent of the turnout, meaning that secessionists could not win the vote.
Wider constitutional reform
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg on Friday said that he wanted the coalition government to deliver new powers to Scotland, saying Scots' rejection of independence was a signal for wider constitutional reform across all of Britain.
"I'm absolutely delighted the Scottish people have taken this momentous decision to safeguard our family of nations for future generations," Clegg said in a statement.
"We must now deliver on time and in full the radical package of newly devolved powers to Scotland. This referendum marks not only a new chapter for Scotland within the UK but also wider constitutional reform across the Union."
Salmond accepts defeat
Scottish nationalist leader Alex Salmond conceded defeat on Friday over his bid to win independence and demanded the British Government rapidly meet its promise of more powers for Edinburgh.
"Scotland has by a majority decided not at this stage to become an independent country. I accept that verdict of the people," Salmond told independence supporters in the Scottish capital.
Leaders of Britain's three main parties, shocked by the strong showing of the independence campaign in recent weeks, scrambled to offer Scots more devolved powers if they remained part of the United Kingdom.
"Scotland will expect these to be honoured in rapid course," Salmond said.
BoE makes no statement
The Bank of England will make no statement statement after Scottish voters decided to remain part of the United Kingdom in a independence referendum, a spokesman for the bank said on Friday.
BoE Governor Mark Carney said before the vote that the bank had contingency plans in the event of a 'yes' vote.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Scotland votes to remain in UK: BBCScots spurn independence, vote to stay within UK
Vidya Ram
Reuters Voters enter a polling station to place their votes during the referendum on Scottish independence in Pitlochry, Scotland on September 18, 2014.
London, September 19:  
In a historic referendum watched closely by the world, voters in Scotland rejected independence from the United Kingdom, choosing instead to stay in a union that they have been part of since 1707.
To the question “Should Scotland be an independent country?”, 55.4 per cent of voters voted “no”. The referendum saw an unprecedented numbers of voters, including 16- and 17-year-olds for the first time, and Commonwealth, and EU citizens resident in Scotland. Over 84 per cent of eligible voters cast their vote in over 2,600 polling booths across the country, signifying the extent to which the issue had struck a chord with the public.
In the 2011 Scottish parliamentary elections turnout had been just 50.4 per cent. Among the regions that voted pro-independence were the cities of Glasgow and Dundee while nearly two-thirds of Edinburgh’s voters chose to remain in the UK.
The 45 per cent vote in favour of independence represents a significant gain for the Yes campaign in recent months. A year ago just 32 per cent of Scotland’s residents supported independence but a strong push by the various members of the Yes campaign, including the ruling Scottish Nationalist Party, the Scottish Green Party, and the Scottish Socialist Party as well as the Radical Independence Campaign, managed to mobilise support, particularly among young voters disillusioned with Westminster politics, and those in deprived communities across the country.
The Yes campaign also successfully managed to avoid alienating minority communities, with polls by the country’s largest Asian radio station ahead of the referendum suggesting that a majority of its listeners would vote “yes.”
As the results became clear in the early hours of Friday morning, Alex Salmond, the First Minister of Scotland, in his concession speech said that the 1.6 million “yes” votes represented a substantial vote for independence. “I accept the verdict of the people and I call on all of Scotland to follow suit.”
Cameron relieved
The result will come as a relief to the British establishment, which has, in recent weeks, been increasingly concerned by the gains made by the Yes campaign, despite attempts by Westminster to portray the Yes campaign as lacking a credible fiscal and economic roadmap for the country.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Mandolin Srinivas passes awayCarnatic musician Mandolin U. Srinivas. (file photo)
September 19, 2014:  
Child prodigy-turned-master musician Mandolin U. Shrinivas (45) passed away on September 19, 2014 following a failed liver transplant.
Hailing from Palakol in Andhra Pradesh, Uppalapu Shrinivas, born on February 28, 1969, showed an uncanny interest in his father Sathyanarayana's mandolin at a very young age. He stormed the Carnatic music scene with his first public performance in 1978 and since then there was no looking back.
Known for having adapted a difficult electric western instrument to the Carnatic stage with awe-inspiring success, Shrinivas impressed pundits and lay listeners alike. He was the recipient of prestigious awards such as the Padma Shri and the Sangeet Natak Akademi award.
Apart from traditional Carnatic concerts, Shrinivas was a favourite with other well-known global artistes such as John McLaughlin, Michael Nyman and Michael Brook. His familiarity with crossover genres made him an automatic choice. He distinguished himself in collaborations with artistes of the calibre of Zakir Hussain, Hariprasad Chaurasia, Sivamani, Vikku Vinaykram and Dominique Piazza.
Shrinivas is survived by his father and brother Mandolin U. Rajesh.
Music historian V. Sriram reports:
It is not often that it is given to someone to introduce a new instrument into a traditional art such as Carnatic Music and yet be welcomed with open arms. The violin took over a century to become mainstream. Mandolin U Shrinivas was a sensation. His debut in Madras as a cherubic youngster in the 1980s was phenomenal. The first performance was at the Indian Fine Arts Society closely followed by one at the Sri Krishna Gana Sabha where even veterans such as Semmangudi praised him. He became a star and remained one, taking the mandolin to unforeseen heights.
And yet, in his dealings with people he was humility personified. That he should have passed away when the greatest of honours were yet to come his way only shows that we as music lovers are an unfortunate lot. Truly those whom the Gods love die young.
(This report first appeared in The Hindu online edition of September 19, 2014)
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Spotted: Rekha  Sridevi  Neetu watch  KhoobsuratCelebrity
When Sonam promoted Fawad Khan more and 'Khoobsurat' less
A remake of the 1980 Hrishikesh Mukherjee gem by the same name, 'Khoobsurat' has evolved by becoming princelier in its approach.
'Khoobsurat' has released and all people could talk about is the rugged and extremely handsome Prince Fawad Khan and his performance.
1 / 30
Yahoo India Movies | Photo by Yogen Shah
Wed 24 Sep, 2014 3:30 PM IST

Direct interface with brokers on decline  trading via smartphones on riseDirect interface with brokers on decline, trading via smartphones on rise
Prashant Mahesh, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 07.16AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Though this is a percentage…)
MUMBAI: Stock-broking is fast losing its human touch. Gone are the days when calling up brokers or relationship managers was the preferred route to execute trades. These days, more investors and traders are opting to punch their orders from the comfort of their smartphones as better internet connectivity has allowed brokers to launch more mobile trading applications.
Data show that trading volumes from mobile phones have more than doubled in the past one year. On the BSE , daily average mobile trading volumes have jumped to Rs 439 crore in August 2014 from Rs 122.75 crore in August 2013, a rise of 257%. In the same period on the NSE, combined daily average turnover has increased 99.9% to Rs 3,358 crore from Rs 1,680 crore.
Though this is just a percentage of the overall turnover, brokers said the jump in mobile trading volumes is notable if volumes from retail clients are considered. It is mostly the retail investors who trade on their mobiles.
Broking firms are seeing as much as 10-20% of their total retail client turnover coming from mobile trading.
"Out of every 100 new customers whom we sign up, as many as 35 execute their first trade through the mobile," says B Gopkumar, executive vice-president and head of broking at Kotak Securities .
Broking officials said they are increasingly getting enquiries on whether their firm has applications for all platforms namely, android phones, iphones or windows phones.
Stock-trading through the mobile phone is a relatively new phenomenon with most brokerage houses launching their full applications in the past 12 to 24 months. The lower cost of smartphones and better data connectivity are leading to a surge in volumes, said brokers.
"As the bandwidth availability increases, we are seeing more than doubling of usage on a compounded basis, with more than a fifth of our volumes happening through mobiles," said Yagnesh Parikh, chief technology officer for ICICI Securities .
With internet and mobile trading applications, investors do not need to depend on the broker or the relationship manager to executive trades. Brokers said direct trading has helped investors save on time though there is no major cost advantage in most applications provided by broking firms. It is not just the urban investor who is switching to mobile trading. Brokerage officials said trades from mobile phones are coming in from smaller towns too.
HDFC Securities has seen trades being placed from small towns such as Bharuch, Guntur, Ranchi, Jammu, Ahmednagar, Vellore, Hooghly, Burdwan, Kadapa, Medak, Dhule, Nadiad, Sonepat, Udupi and Bidar. While simple cash market transactions have caught on well with investors, some brokerages have even seen a few HNI clients execute complex derivatives transactions.
"There is a convergence happening where mobile is the preferred medium when it comes to stock-trading, email surfing, social media access or purchases on ecommerce sites," says Aseem Dhru, MD and CEO , HDFC Securities. "Today e-commerce sites in India are experiencing more than 50% of transactions from mobile devices. It is a matter of time before stock-trading too converges at that number," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xi Jinping meets President and PM  gets guard of honourpicture  others
Xi Jinping meets President and PM, gets guard of honour
Chinese President Xi Jinping  receives the Ceremonial Guard Of Honour at Rastrapati Bhawan in New Delhi. (Source: Express Photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
Chinese President Xi Jinping shakes hands with Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the ceremonial reception in New Delhi.  (Source: Express Photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
Chinese President Xi Jinping expressed the hope that China and India will take their strategic and cooperative partnership to a higher plane.  Seen here with Indian President Pranab Mukherjee, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese First Lady Peng Liyuan. (Source: Express Photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
Chinese President Xi Jinping said he had come to India with three goals which were aimed at strengthening the bilateral ties and building strong complementarity in the two economies. Seen here with Prime Minister Narendra Modi. (Source: Express Photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
PM Narendra Modi greets Chinese First Lady Peng Liyuan at Rashtrapati Bhawan.  (Source: Express Photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
The Chinese leader, who arrived in New Delhi last night from Ahmedabad where Prime Minister Narendra Modi hosted a dinner for him, said the first purpose of his visit is to carry forward the friendship between the two countries. Seen here with President Pranab Mukherjee, PM Narendra Modi, First Lady Peng Liyuan. (Source:  Express Photo by Neeraj Priyadarshi)
Chinese President Xi Jinping pays floral tributes at Rajghat, the memorial of Mahatma Gandhi, in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: Express Photo By Amit Mehra)
Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan arrive to pay floral tributes at Rajghat, the memorial of  Mahatma Gandhi, in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: Express Photo By Amit Mehra)
Chinese President Xi Jinping pays floral tributes at Rajghat, the memorial of Mahatma Gandhi.  (Source: Express Photo By Amit Mehra)
Related

Indian bulk drug makers are becoming world leadersStory
Chemistry Champs
Not all Indian bulk drug makers are reeling before the Chinese onslaught. Some have honed their processes to become world leaders in niche areas.
E. Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Edition: Sept 28, 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
When M Narayana Reddy set up Virchow Laboratories in Hyderabad in 1981 to make Sulfamethoxazole, an antibacterial drug used as a low-cost, broad-spectrum antibiotic, there were 30 others in that city alone making the same product. Today, Virchow Labs, the flagship company of the Rs 2,000 crore Virchow Group which makes numerous drugs, drug intermediates and biopharmaceuticals, is the biggest producer of Sulfamethoxazole in the world, manufacturing around 9,000 tonnes per annum.
"There is no other company making it except one in China. But that one can barely meet 50 per cent of the Chinese domestic requirement. All the rest, across the world, is supplied by us," says Reddy. The starting point for Sulfamethoxazole are substances as common as sugar and sulphur.
How did Virchow thrive while all the others fell by the wayside? Over the years many found the making of Sulfamethoxazole uneconomical and faced declining profit margins. They turned to making other products with higher margins. But Reddy saw every such setback as a challenge and looked for ways to become more efficient, altering his production processes in many small ways so his margins were not affected.
Most air-conditioners, for instance, use compressors. Reddy, instead, installed the more economical vapour absorption chillers in his plant - which run on steam that would otherwise have been wasted. He brought in fuel efficient boilers instead of ordinary ones. He set up a captive power plant which not only generated power for his unit but also produced high pressure steam for use in the manufacturing process.
"Each time a company stopped production I would proportionately increase my capacity, and invest all my profit either in advanced equipment that would get us tax benefits, or in other ways which improved efficiency," says Reddy. What also helped was that Sulfamethoxazole, though an old product, continues to be in use - patients have not developed resistance to it as often happens with antibiotics. It is used in combination with a small quantity of Trimethoprim, which Virchow also produces. The drug is sold as Septran by GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals  and as Bactrim by Roche. Indeed, this range of antibiotics is now even being considered as a second line of treatment for AIDS.
Reddy's success with Sulfamethoxazole is not unique, though it bucks the prevailing trend. Increasingly, faced with stiff competition from China, Indian bulk drug makers - those who produce the so-called Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (APIs) that go into the making of finished medicines which the trade calls 'formulations' - are shrinking or abandoning their business. Chinese bulk drug makers, with the active support of the state, have built gigantic capacities which allow them economies of scale their Indian counterparts cannot match.
VIDEO: Virchow MD on the company's growth, future plans and more
Most Indian formulation makers prefer to import bulk drugs from China because it is cheaper to do so, and in fact, in the last few years, have become heavily dependent on Chinese imports. A report in July this year by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM) notes: "This lack of self-sufficiency poses significant risk? Any deterioration in the relationship with China can potentially result in severe shortages in the supply of essential drugs to the country. Additionally, China could easily increase prices of some of the drugs where it enjoys a virtual monopoly."
Process innovation, as Reddy's Virchow has shown, is the way out, but only a handful of bulk drug makers have been able to succeed at it so far. Another is the Rs 11,086-crore Lupin Ltd , the largest producer of Lisinopril in the world, used in the treatment of high blood pressure and sold to around 30 pharma companies , both in India and overseas. It makes Lisinopril in both bulk drug and finished drug form as well as Lisinopril formulations. Last year, Lupin produced 105 tonnes per annum of Lisinopril API, and this year is ramping it up to 120 tonnes.
And it is not just Lisinoprils and statins (drugs used to prevent heart diseases or to check cholesterol) that Lupin leads in. "We have global scale in about a dozen products," says Kamal K. Sharma, Vice Chairman. "This has been achieved through a combination of process innovation, project management - the speed and economy with which a project is executed - and productivity enhancements, controlling the cycle time while at the same time keeping an eye on by product recovery, quality and cost." He maintains that Lupin looks at a healthy mix of "vertical integration and vertical specialisation", where the focus is on processes in which the company has an edge over others.
Another instance is the Hyderabad-based Divi's Laboratories, global leader in the manufacture of two bulk drugs: Dextromethorphan - used in cough suppressants - and Naproxen that goes into anti-arthritis formulations. "We supply 60 per cent of the world's requirement of both," says L. Kishore Babu, Chief Financial Officer. "We have markets in the US and Europe." The company can produce around 1,000 tonnes a year of Dextromethorpran and 3,000 tonnes of Naproxen, the two drugs contributing around 25 per cent to its turnover of Rs 2,500 crore.
'Each time a company stopped making Sulfamethoxazole, I would proportionately increase my capacity', shares M. NARAYANA REDDY, MD, Virchow Laboratories. (Photo: A. Prabhakar Rao)
A fourth success is Jubilant Life Sciences, a leading manufacturer of Pyridine and its numerous derivatives at its plant in Gajraula, Uttar Pradesh, about 120 km from New Delhi. These are used in the production of a range of agrochemicals, pharmaceuticals, dyes, solvents, metal finishes, fine chemicals and more, and sold to 275 customers across the globe. Pyridine is usually made from petrochemicals, but the the Rs 5,803-crore company employs agricultural feedstock instead, which makes the production process environment friendly, its carbon footprint being 46.7 per cent lower than that of manufacturers using the conventional process. With both backward and forward integration, it also produces Pyridine at the lowest cost globally. "Our manufacturing process uses ethanol, a renewable biomass, and hence our Pyridine qualifies as a green product," says Pramod Yadav, CEO (Advance Intermediates and Nutritional Products).
Is process innovation the only way to stand up to China's might? Glenn Saldanha, Chairman and Managing Director, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals, believes so. "Our strength is in process chemistry and that is where India is adding most value globally," he says. "This is what we need to focus on to maintain our competitive advantage." Some others, however, fear it may not last. "While India has traditionally had its strength in process chemistry, in the last couple of years, China has overtaken India in this sphere as well," says Swati Piramal, Vice Chairperson, Piramal Enterprises. "China has invested heavily in resource building and manpower development whereas our country has gone in the reverse direction with no incentive being given to the bulk drugs industry."
Many feel the government needs to act soon to stem the Chinese bulk drugs flood. "The best way is for India to create industry clusters with state support which enjoy common, basic facilities like power at competitive prices," says Satish Reddy, President, Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance (IPA) and Chairman of drug maker Dr Reddy's Laboratories. "This will induce industry to look to investing in capacities that achieve scale and reduce costs."

Lava  Intex likely to launch Android One devicesLava, Intex likely to launch Android One devices in early 2015
By Gulveen Aulakh , ET Bureau | 18 Sep, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Lava and Intex are likely to roll out a range of devices simultaneously, which would offer different specifications such as larger screens and better camera quality at wider price points.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Lava and Intex, among a new set of Indian handset makers on the Google's Android One programme, are likely to bring handsets based on the project early next year.
Rather than a single Android One device each - as was launched by Micromax, Karbonn and Spice on Monday - Lava and Intex are likely to roll out a range of devices simultaneously, which would offer different specifications such as larger screens and better camera quality at wider price points. "It will take us at least three to four months (to launch the devices)," Intex's head for mobile phones Sanjay Kalirona told ET.
The first Android One smartphones from the new set of local players will start shipping after January, said Lava International's cofounder and managing director, SN Rai. Lava owns the Xolo brand under which it sells smartphones, while the parent brand also sells feature phones apart from smartphones.
Lava and Xolo will be able to tap into their own design houses, in a way becoming original design manufacturers due to which they will be able to drive price optimisation much deeper through their systems, Rai added. In other words, they may well be able to offer devices with higher specifications at competitive prices. More details on the new smartphones are expected to be revealed in the coming months.
Lava is one of nine handset makers that Google's head of Android, Chrome and apps, Sundar Pichai, announced as new partners who will make smartphones under the Android One umbrella, Google's initiative to offer rich smartphone experience on low-cost devices with set hardware and software standards across handset makers. Lava is India's No. 4 smartphone vendor with a 6% share of the market as per IDC. Intex is a much smaller player.
Pichai said on Monday that Google has also signed up international smartphone makers Acer, Asus, HTC, Lenovo, Panasonic and Alcatel One Touch under the project to connect the next five billion people with the Internet and Internet-enabled devices. Going forward, he said, vendors will be free to choose among a set of specifications to make smartphones, allowing faster updates and better Android experience.
The new leg of home-bred handset makers are likely to follow the footsteps of Micromax, Karbonn and Spice that began selling the first Android One phones - Canvas A1, Sparkle V and Dream Uno - respectively, through Amazon, Snapdeal and Flipkart on Monday. Micromax sold out its first lot of 20,000-22,000 on Amazon on day one.
Micromax, Karbonn and Spice, which hold about 30% of the smartphone market in India, will begin selling the phones offline across 200,000 retail outlets countrywide next month and train staff to educate customers about the devices. Spice Mobility's chairman, Dilip Modi, told ET that the company's Spice Hot Spot retail stores will be converted to Android One stores for pushing sales, a model that the newer players just might follow.

Smartphone users are spending more time on apps: StudySmartphone users spending more time on apps: Study
By IANS | 17 Sep, 2014, 03.56PM IST
0
Share More
New data from the Boston-based mobile marketing platform Localytics indicates that music, health, fitness and social apps are hot favourites for downloads.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Smartphone users are spending more time on apps that ever. According to a latest study, app usage has increased by an average of 21 percent worldwide from a year ago.
New data from the Boston-based mobile marketing platform Localytics indicates that music, health, fitness and social apps are hot favourites for downloads.
At 79 percent, music lead the tally thanks to SoundCloud and iHeartRadio apps.
Health and fitness apps have seen an increase of 51 percent while social apps downloads also increased by 49 percent.
The new study was based on data from Localytics' customer base which includes 28,000 applications installed across 1.5 billion devices, techcrunch reported.
"The users are opening up an app on an average of 11.5 times per month up from 9.4 a year ago while app session lengths remain constant at 5.7 minutes," the study noted.

Modi government has renewed optimism: Mark MobiusVery bullish on India; Narendra Modi government has renewed optimism: Mark Mobius
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 10.48AM IST
("India remains the second-largest…)
NEW DELHI: With the Narendra Modi-led NDA government ensuring renewed optimism, Mark Mobius of Franklin Templeton Investments told ET Now that he is 'very bullish on India.'
Mobius expects to increase allocation to Indian stocks going ahead. "India remains the second-largest holdings in our Asia funds. I will be patient about investments in India," Mobius said.
While Mobius continues to look for bargain stocks in India, he sees a 'lot of opportunities' in small cap stocks. Mobius is bullish on oil & gas stocks as well. "I own a lot of tech stocks in portfolio currently, like TCS," Mobius said. Mobius also remains bullish on banks in India. "Banks will benefit from economic recovery," he feels.
Read full interview: Expect to increase allocation to Indian stocks
According to Mobius, "Growth rates in Emerging Markets are very high, justify valuations."
Mobius is of the opinion global liquidity is driving stock markets up. "Many countries are printing money to avoid currency appreciation," he said.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 25 per cent so far in the year 2014, helped by a strong support by foreign institutional investors which have already made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market.
Emerging markets are considered vulnerable to monetary policy tightening in the US because a stronger dollar is likely to deter FIIs from making fresh investments.
Record-low interest rates will be around for at least a few more months, the Federal Reserve made clear on Wednesday.
By mid-2015, economists expect the Fed to abandon a nearly 6-year-old policy of keeping short-term rates at record lows. Those rates have helped support the economy, cheered the stock market and shrunk mortgage rates. A Fed rate increase could potentially reverse those trends.
(With inputs from AP)

Chris Wood up stakes on Indian markets; top stocks to bet onYou are here: Home > Collections > Clsa
Mark Mobius, Chris Wood up stakes on Indian markets; top stocks they are betting big on
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 18, 2014, 01.51PM IST
(Mark Mobius said that…)
NEW DELHI: Reaffirming their faith in India's story, two large foreign fund houses, namely CLSA and Templeton Group, have told ET Now in an interview this week that they have increased their allocation towards India and remain positive on the Modi-elected government to push pro-growth reforms.
Mark Mobius, Executive Chairman, Templeton EM Group, said in an interview with ET Now that India is now walking on a longer-term bull market and as Modi carries out reforms and becomes more effective in making the changes he would like to make, this will strengthen the capital markets in India.
"India is the second largest of our holdings after China. Thailand is a pie in our Asian funds, but among our global funds, India is right up there along with Brazil," he added. Mobius expects to increase allocations going forward.
Earlier this week, Chris Wood, Chief Strategist, CLSA, said that India has been one of his favourite markets in Asia and remains so most particularly since the elections. He has allocated 41 per cent of his long only portfolio to India.
Commenting on Modi, he said that he is viewing India as a five-year story given the fact that Modi has been elected for five years.
"Modi is the most pro-business, pro-investment political leader in the world today. So in all likelihood he would get the investment cycle going again," he added.
Top bets of CLSA & Templeton Group
Templeton Group
Mark Mobius sees banks to benefit as the economy bounces back. So, "well-managed banks will be benefiting from what is happening now, but if you look at our portfolios, we have quite a lot in the consulting area, in outsourcing firms like Tata Consultancy," he says.
IT sector: If you could see from their earnings growth, IT stocks have been doing very well and if you look at the market capitalisation compared to companies like Alibaba or any of these internet companies, you will realise that these outsourcing companies are actually in a much stronger position from a longer-term point of view.
Oil & Gas sector: Mobius likes oil marketing stocks. He says ONGC is a very good company. Liberalisation of pricing will be very beneficial for these companies. The governments around the world are giving up on these fixed and subsidised prices because they have now realised that they just can't afford them for the long term and it encourages waste in the usage of these raw materials.
CLSA:
In a recent report released last week, titled 'Bits & Pieces', CLSA said that the renewed investment cycle should significantly favour infrastructure asset owners and contractors such as Larsen & Toubro. Corporate lenders such as ICICI Bank and SBI should also benefit.
Among building material companies they prefer Grasim. "Ensuing job creation will be positive for discretionary consumption plays such as Bharti Airtel. State-owned oil companies will appreciate subsidy cuts," says CLSA. Their favourite pick is ONGC.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi to launch  Make in India  campaign on Sep 25Narendra Modi to launch 'Make in India' campaign on September 25
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 16:22 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
Seeking to make the country a global manufacturing hub, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is scheduled to launch the ambitious 'Make in India' campaign in the presence of global and domestic CEOs on September 25.
Hundreds of global and domestic CEOs are expected to attend the function at Vigyan Bhavan here, an official said.
In his maiden independence day address, Modi invited the global business community to set up manufacturing facilities in India, giving the slogan 'come, make in India'.
To make it more successful, the campaign would be simultaneously launched in different state capitals including Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore.
The campaign will also be launched in countries having similar time zone as that of India.
The move is aimed at generating huge employment opportunities in the country besides boosting trade and economic growth .

Amid border stand-off  Modi says need to end dispute soonPrint
NEW DELHI: Amid the border stand-off between Chinese and Indian troops, Prime Minister Narendra Modi took up the issue with visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping, saying that solving the boundary issue is a prerequisite for growing economic cooperation between two countries.
"We need to resolve our boundary issue soon," Modi said Thursday, addressing a joint press conference with visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping after official talks at Hyderabad House here.
"A clarification on the LAC (Line of Actual Control) is very important. It has been pending for years, it is time to start it again," he said.
The prime minister said he raised the issue of Chinese incursions in the border with India.
"The incidents that took place at the border, I expressed my concern over them. Peace and stability at the border is the foundation of economic possibilities," he said.
Meanwhile, Chinese President Xi Jinping also said that both countries are capable of effectively managing the border situation.
"Both sides are capable of effectively managing the border situation and to settle the border disputes at the earliest," Xi said after holding talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi here.
Xi said that we have the sincerity to work with India on the border issue.
Modi said mutual trust and respect for each other's sensitivities and concerns, and peace and stability in our relations and along our borders are essential.
"If there is peace and stability, friendship and cooperation on the border, we can utilise the possibilities and contribute in each other's growth, and give a new direction to the world economy," he added.
Describing China as India's biggest neighbour and that it has a role in nation-building and foreign policy, Modi said he attched "importance and priority to relations with China".
1,000 Chinese troops enter India while Modi, Xi talk
Border tensions heightened as Chinese and Indian troops were involved in a face-off along their border in the Ladakh region.
Quoting army sources, IANS reported that around nearly 1,000 Chinese soldiers moved inside the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Jammu and Kashmir's Ladakh region, and refused to go back.
Nearly 1,000 Chinese troops crossed about five km into Indian territory Wednesday in Ladakh's Chumar sector, even as the troops of both sides held a flag meeting at the brigadier-level in Chushul.
In retaliation, the Indian Army has rushed three battalions to the LAC in the sector.
Indian officials said Chinese soldiers had entered Indian territory and appeared to be building a road in the region.
The Chinese president began a three-day visit to India Wednesday with a six-hour visit to Ahmedabad where Modi took Xi around the Sabarmati Ashram and later they strolled down the Sabarmati riverfront. (With inputs from agencies)
Recommend

Govt signs five-year trade pact with ChinaGovt signs 5-year economic cooperation pact with China to better trade ties
Agencies     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 18:17 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi (R) and China's President Xi Jinping shake hands during a photo opportunity ahead of their meeting at Hyderabad House in New Delhi on Sept 18(Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping exchanged 12 documents on Thursday following talks between the two leaders.
The government also signed a 5-year trade and economic cooperation  agreement with China with a view to improve the trade balance and obtain  US $20 billion Chinese investment into the country.
The 'Five year Trade and Economic Development Plan' was signed by Indian Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and her Chinese counterpart Gao Hucheng in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping, who is on a three-day visit to the country.
The agreement lays down a medium term roadmap for promoting balanced and sustainable development of economic and trade relations between China and India, on the principle of equality and mutual benefit.
Among other things, it seeks to reduce the bilateral trade imbalance between the two countries and strengthen investment cooperation to realise US $20 billion investment from China in 5 years.
Also a transparent, stable and investor friendly business environment and an enhanced cooperation between Chambers of Commerce and financial sectors of the two countries would also be covered under the pact.
The trade gap between the two countries stood at US $35 billion in favour of China. The total bilateral trade stood at US $66.4 billion in 2013.
The first of the 12 agreement was on a new route to Kailash Mansarovar, while two pacts were on trade development .  There were also agreements on audio video co-production, on cooperation  in railways and on exchanges between cultural institutions.
Sitharaman and Gao also signed the minutes of the tenth session of India-China Joint Economic Group held earlier this month in Beijing.
Both sides, during the Beijing meeting, held detailed discussions on various issues to promote broad and deep bilateral trade and economic cooperation and agreed to undertake measures to achieve sustainable and balanced trade.
Specific measures to enhance market access to Indian products such as agricultural and pharmaceutical, and export of services were also discussed during that meeting.

Telangana bags J&J  P&G projectsE. Kumar Sharma      Follow @EKumarSharma    Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 21:29 IST
Telangana CM K Chandrashekar Rao speaking to Johnson & Johnson officials after foundation stone laying ceremony in Mahabubnagar district. Photo: A.Prabhakar Rao.
J&J and P&G. The alphabets held a whole new meaning for the Telangana government on Thursday as the global multinational companies with the cherished letters translating their plans into total projects worth around Rs 1,000 crore.
Johnson and Johnson, the multinational medical devices, pharmaceutical and consumer packaged goods manufacturer, held its ground breaking ceremony for a Rs 400 crore project and P&G (Procter & Gamble), the consumer goods biggie, began commercial production at its new Rs 600 crore facility.
Both the units are located next to each other in Penjerla village in the Kothur mandal of Mahbubnagar district of Telangana, near Hyderabad.
Speaking to Business Today and giving details of the investments by the two MNCs, Pradeep Chandra, special chief secretary (industries), government of Telangana, said: "J&J is investing about Rs 400 crore in the first phase (to be completed by 2016).... It is for their largest plant in India to make baby care and skin care products and based on the extent of land they have acquired we believe that they are looking at much larger expansion here."
The foundation stone for the J&J facility was laid by Telangana chief minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao with J&J represented by Vikas Srivastava, the managing director of J&J Consumer (India).
The company has acquired 47 acre and therefore with enough room to expand further. Next door is the P&G facility, which went on stream on Thursday with the commencement of its operations in a project made with a total investment of around Rs 600 crore ($100 million), according to Pradeep Chandra.
This plant, he says, "is one of the largest facilties of the company in India and is to make their entire line of detergents and has been set up in a little over a year."

Fortune ranks Indra Nooyi 3rd most powerful womanFortune ranks Indra Nooyi 3rd most powerful woman in business
Yoshita Singh     New York   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 20:43 IST
PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi.
PepsiCo's India-born CEO Indra Nooyi has been ranked third most powerful businesswoman by Fortune, the only Indian-origin woman on the 2014 list topped by IBM Chairman and CEO Ginni Rometty and General Motors CEO Mary Barra.
Fortune said nearly half the women on 'The Most Powerful Women in Business 2014' list run huge companies, which is a record and "all are working hard to transform their businesses."
Nooyi, 58, dropped from the second position she held last year to third.
Fortune said her innovation push is paying off at PepsiCo, which has increased research and development spending by 25 per cent since 2011.
In 2013, of 50 bestselling new food and beverage products in the US, nine came from PepsiCo-Starbucks Iced Coffee, Muller Quaker Yogurt, and Mountain Dew Kickstart.
"In July the company raised its profit growth forecast for the year, which should help Nooyi counter calls by activist investor Nelson Peltz to break up the food and beverage giant," the publication said.
Topping the list for the third time is Rometty, whose strategy of investing in new technologies is showing results.
Even though IBM's revenue declined for the second consecutive year, falling nearly 5 per cent to $99.8 billion in fiscal 2013, its revenue rose 69 per cent for each division last year.
Rometty has also signed strategic partnerships, such as a deal with Apple to provide IBM's services on the iOS platform.
Rometty has also pledged to invest $1 billion in the development and commercialisation of the cognitive computing system, another future growth area for the company.
Making a huge jump in the rankings is General Motors CEO Mary Barra, who is ranked second this year up from the 29th position last year.
Barra became the auto industry's first female CEO in January and promptly faced GM's largest vehicle recall ever, 29 million so far from a faulty ignition switch linked to at least 13 deaths since 2005.
The list also includes aerospace and defence giant Lockheed Martin's Chairman, CEO, and President Marillyn Hewson at number 4, bioscience firm DuPont CEO Ellen Kullman at rank 5 and Hewlett-Packard Chairman and CEO Meg Whitman on the 6th position.
Facebook's Sandberg slipped in the rankings from fifth postion to 10th.
Fortune said last year was all about Sandberg as her bestselling book 'Lean In' helped her become the face of corporate gender equality.
"This year is all about Facebook. Its 2013 profits jumped an astounding 2,730 per cent, mainly because of increased revenue from mobile ads, and it announced huge deals in early 2014 to acquire virtual-reality company Oculus VR for over USD 2 billion and buzzy messaging platform WhatsApp for $19 billion," Fortune said.
As CEO Mark Zuckerberg's number two, Sandberg remains "crucial to the company's long-term strategy".
She's also the best-paid woman on the list, making $38 million last year.
The list also includes aerospace & defence company General Dynamics's CEO Phebe Novakovic on rank 11, Oracle Co-president Safra Catz (14), Xerox Chairman and CEO Ursula Burns (17), Procter & Gamble Group President, North America Melanie Healey (18), YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki (19), Intel President Ren?e James (21), Avon CEO Sheri McCoy (27), Apple Senior Vice President, Retail and Online Stores Angela Ahrendts (29) and CEO, Asset Management at JP Morgan Chase Mary Erdoes (32).
(PTI)

Rs 10 lakh shoe takes nine months to makeStory
The Right fit, at a price
It is a shoe that takes nine months to make and, hold your breath, can set you back by a whopping Rs 10 lakh.
Arunima Mishra      Follow @Mishra_Arunima    Edition: Sept 28, 2014
Destination India: Thomas Collette, Commercial Director for Europe, Middle East and India at John Lobb, with 'By Request' shoes, launched in India in June.
"The John Lobb shoe is precious and travels from generation to generation. When a shoe costs more than Rs 1 lakh it's like a piece of jewellery," says Atul Nanda, a Delhi-based lawyer. Nanda has been a customer of the European shoemaker for the past 15 years, much before its debut in India in June this year with its 'By Request' service (it allows clients to customise shoes from available styles).
John Lobb's odyssey in India dates back to the early 1900s when members of Indian royal families were its clients. Owned by French luxury house Hermes Group, John Lobb has designed and custom made shoes for the wealthy and famous since 1866. Its customers in the past have included the likes of Frank Sinatra, George Bernard Shaw, Dean Martin and Aristotle Onassis, to name a few.
The 'By Request' service will allow clients to personalise their shoe within their global "JL Ready-To-Wear range", according to Thomas Collette, Commercial Director for Europe, Middle East and India at John Lobb. "However, what we call 'Specials' (exclusive models designed for a specific store or market) is something we love to offer to our clients, on top of our existing collections. As soon as we will know more about the market, no doubt we will be able to offer the same to India." The price of shoes in its 'By Request' range is between Rs 70,000 and Rs 7.5 lakh.
Made to order: The process of making Bespoke John Lobb shoes: (1) creating the wooden last.
The company is planning to scale up its India presence. It gradually plans to introduce its popular Bespoke (made to order) service in India. It allows customer to decide every detail, every colour about their footwear. "Introducing Bespoke in India is obviously on our mind. However, this offer will come at a later stage," says Collette.
designing a pattern.
John Lobb has been making Bespoke boots since its inception. In its Paris workshop, highly qualified craftsmen create unique shoes according to the customers requirements. Each pair of Bespoke shoes requires an average of 50 hours of work by craftsmen and the entire process takes about nine months.
It starts with a craftsman taking a series of foot measurements, while the client chooses the model, shape, type of leather, the height of the heel and other details. The client returns for a second appointment to try on a mock-up of the shoe. This allows the craftsman to further refine the last, a metal or wooden form over which a shoe is shaped. The final fitting and delivery of the shoe is done in the third meeting. Every pair created in the Bespoke workshop is designed to last several years. A John Lobb shoe is durable - it can be worn at least 7,000 times.
VIDEO: John Lobb offers timeless products
Indeed, a Bespoke shoe has a relatively complicated manufacturing process as compared with Ready To Wear (RTW) or By Request shoes. It has a specific last created for it -the shape of the foot is sculpted in hornbeam wood. "For RTW/By Request, we use existing lasts depending on the shoe style, and the size produced," says Saskia Porretta Menne, Sales and Marketing Coordinator for Europe, Middle East and India at John Lobb.
Making the shoe mould.
The Bespoke service doesn't have a fixed price. The final price depends on the style, leather and other specifications of the customer and can exceed Rs 10 lakh. "However, the starting price is Rs 5.5 lakh for a first pair of John Lobb Bespoke shoes," adds Menne.
John Lobb Bespoke shoes are an extension of the personality of the wearer. Pratik Dalmia, President, Regalia Luxury Retail (John Lobb's partner in India), says there's certainly a big market for the Bespoke service. John Lobb's By Request launch has exceeded its expectations in terms of orders from the clients, he says.
"The target customer for Bespoke is different from the customer who buys By Request shoes," adds Dalmia.
The finished product
THE MORE THE MERRIER
Many of John Lobb's global competitors - Maison Corthay, Berluti and Gaziano & Girling - have hardly any presence in India. But some of its rivals including Tod's, Zegna, and Gucci, do have limited operations in the country. While Tod's and Gucci operate at a similar price point as John Lobb, Zegna's "Made to Order" shoes are slightly more expensive. These luxury brands offer bespoke services mostly through workshops and events. These services are generally not offered through retail stores since they are targeted at the super-rich. Bespoke shoes are typically costlier than other categories, such as "by request" and "ready to wear".

HT presents: The eternal cry baby  Times of IndiaShare  more ...
Hindustan Times presents an opportunity to TOI to learn to accept defeat with grace and stop being ‘The eternal cry baby, TOI'.

Madhya Pradesh: Legislator s  sari  prank on former BJP MP goes viralComments
A video clip of a local legislator seen wiping his soiled fingers with a former BJP parliamentarian’s sari went viral on social media on Thursday.
Independent MLA Dinesh Rai did it with a smirk on his face on the stage during a programme for farmers on Tuesday in his constituency Seoni, about 344 km east from Bhopal.
His act left other politicians on the stage amused as former member of parliament (MP) Nita Pateria couldn’t know what went behind her back.
Later, the photograph and the video clip of the MLA’s strange act went viral on WhatsApp.
Rai, however, told local journalists that it was just a 'harmless joke' as he had a 'devar-bhabhi' relationship with Pateria. Later, the former MP came to know about the prank and asked the legislator to act decently. Sources said the legislator apologised to her privately, explaining that he didn’t mean any harm.
The Kotwali police recorded Pateria’s statement on the basis of the complaint made by the BJP workers.

Sanctions see Russias hardmen riseSanctions extend influence of hardmen in Putin’s Kremlin
By Kathrin Hille in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8fcc4068-3f49-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IS group posts video of captive British journalistIS group posts video of captive British journalist
AFP
print
The Islamic State group released a video Thursday of a British freelance photojournalist, John Cantlie, in which he says he is being held captive.
In the video posted on YouTube, Cantlie, wearing an orange jumpsuit, speaks to the camera in the style of a news report and promises to reveal in a series of programmes the "truth" about the jihadist group that has seized parts of Iraq and Syria.
There was no immediate threat to his life apparent in the video.
Cantlie, who had contributed to British newspapers including The Sunday Times and Sunday Telegraph, as well as to Agence France-Presse, said he was captured after travelling to Syria in November 2012.
 
He had previously been detained along with a Dutch photographer by extremists in Syria in July 2012 but was reportedly released after nine days. It was not clear when the video was shot, but in it Cantlie referred to recent events including IS taking control of large parts of Iraq in June.
Speaking in English with Arabic subtitles, Cantlie says in the 3:21-minute video -- titled "Lend Me Your Ears" -- that he plans to reveal "the truth behind the systems and motivation of the Islamic State".

Obama nominates Richard Verma as next US ambassador to Indiaprint
President Barack Obama on Thursday nominated former state department official Richard Rahul Verma, an Indian-American, as the next US ambassador to India.
Verma served as secretary of state Hillary Clinton’s point man on legislative affairs, working Capitol Hill using his experience there as a long-time congressional aide.
In 2008, he was on President Barack Obama’s transition team, which essentially eases into office the new administration, working with the outgoing administration.
And that, it was said, could indicate his proximity to the White House, an important barometer for New Delhi to measure the state of relations, and the effectiveness of the ambassador.
“He is committed to building the US-India relationship, has access to the highest levels of the White House, and is exactly who we need at the helm as we look to further strengthen US-India relations,” said congressman Joe Crowley in a statement.
The US was widely expected to announce a new ambassador to New Delhi before Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the US, and DC to meet President Obama end of this month.
The previous US ambassador to US, Nancy Powell, left in less than pleasant circumstances, having fallen foul of the Indian government during the Khobragade controversy.
With Verma’s appointment as ambassador in Delhi, US state department’s South Asia desk, which oversees relations with India, will have a distinctly Indian feel to it.
Read: Housefull: With 10 days to go, Modi's US event is all sold out
Nisha Biswal, an Indian-American from Gujarat, heads the desk. And Atul Keshap, also of Indian descent — who served at the US embassy in Delhi, is one of her assistant deputy secretaries.
But Verma is not moving to Delhi tomorrow. His nomination has to be confirmed by Senate, where, however, he is not expected to encounter any major trouble or delay.
He currently serves as senior counselor at Steptoe & Johnson and the Albright Stonebridge Group, founded and run by Bill Clinton administration officials including Madeline Albright.
Verma is also a senior national security fellow at the Center for American Progress, a Washington DC think tank. 
He was senior national security advisor, counsel and foreign policy advisor to senate majority leader Harry Reid from 2002 to 2007. Verma also served with the US air force.

Quartz Daily BriefAsia editionAlibabas unveiling  Scotlands reality check  Kindles galore  motorized trousersSeptember 18, 2014
What to watch for today
Alibaba shares the love. The Chinese e-commerce giant will begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker “BABA.” The company  priced shares  in its IPO at $68 after Thursday’s market close; it could raise a record-setting $25 billion on a $165 billion valuation.
Scotland gets real. Results of the country’s election for independence, likely boasting the biggest voter turnout in Scottish history, will be announced  “around breakfast time”  in the UK. The markets bet on the “no” vote winning out; Microsoft’s  prediction engine agreed .
All hail the new iPhone. Apple’s long-awaited  iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus  are out today in the US, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore, and the UK. Customers bought  a record 4 million phones  on the first day pre-orders were available, setting a pace to best Apple’s previous high of 9 million iPhone 5 sales in an opening weekend.  Here’s how to decide  which one to buy.
Hold onto your volatility hats. Four stock futures and options contracts expire today in  a quarterly phenomenon called “quadruple witching,”  which often leads to frantic trading and market gyrations. Add to that the market-moving Scottish election results and Alibaba IPO, and the ride looks even rockier.
While you were sleeping
Microsoft fired 2,100 employees. This was the second round of layoffs in a long-term plan announced in July to cut 18,000 jobs , or 14% of the company’s total workforce. The housecleaning is an attempt to streamline after the April acquisition of Nokia’s Devices and Services division, which added 25,000 employees to Microsoft’s payroll.
US stocks hit all-time highs. The Dow jumped 0.56% to 17,252.8 and the S&P rose 0.44% to 2,010.34, both new records . The markets vaulted off a substantial drop in US jobless claims and the Fed’s announcement that interest rates will stay low in the near future.
Larry Ellison is out as Oracle’s CEO. The surprise shift is  effective immediately . Ellison becomes executive chairman of the board and chief technology officer. Two Oracle executives will jointly fill his slot as CEO: Safra Catz and Mark Hurd.
The Islamic State released a video of a captive British journalist. In a roughly three-minute video posted on social media sites, a man  identified himself on-camera as John Cantlie, a reporter who had worked for the Sunday Times, the Sun, and the Sunday Telegraph. In the video, he promises to “convey some facts” about the Sunni Muslim extremist group in future videos to counter Western portrayals.
Amazon is awash in Kindles. The e-book purveyor announced the release of six new or upgraded devices , including a $199 high-end e-reader and a $79 touch-screen tablet. The luxe version, the thinnest-ever e-reader that mimics paper books, is aimed at heavy readers ; the low-end version targets nascent e-reader markets like China, Japan, and Germany. Devices begin shipping in October, in time for the holiday rush.
Quartz obsession interlude
Gwynn Guilford on why Homer Simpson’s beer mantra is a lot like China’s approach to real estate. “[J]ust like alcohol, China’s property construction sector—which [the country] relies on to  drive up to a fifth of its GDP —is at once “the cause of, and solution to” if not all, then many, of its economic problems. That’s because even though this over-reliance makes the country’s economy unusually vulnerable to home-sale slumps—and financial risks —the government has in the past rescued its swooning economy by—you guessed it—encouraging more real estate investment.”  Read more here .
Matters of debate
Vladimir Putin welcomes the rumor-mongering. Whether or not his comments about invading the capitals of Ukraine, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Poland and Romania were taken out of context , their leakage helps the Russian leader in his bullying ways.
Ken Burns doesn’t understand the Roosevelts. The documentarian’s latest is heavy on character but flat on politics .
Midlife crises are biologically coded. We should acknowledge their existence and adjust to cope.
Scottish independence wouldn’t be so bad. It would be good for health care , decrease inequality and make England more competitive.
Interning is the new volunteering. It looks good on a resume , and interns are less prone to flaking out.
Surprising discoveries
South Koreans are spending over $100 a pop on job application mugshots. Thirty-four percent of surveyed recruiters in the country said the most important aspect of a resume  was the photo.
Dogs can be pessimists. Though it’s unclear how common it is to see the water bowl as half-empty .
Motorized trousers could help stroke victims walk. The so-called “exoskeleton” under development by Harvard researchers looks pretty stylish, to boot.
North Korea wrote a 50,000-page report on its human rights record. It concluded that things are going pretty well . The UN disagrees .
A shopping cart was named America’s top invention of the year. It uses a design built for emergency medical workers to help lift groceries into your car.
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, human rights records, and mugshots to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Sebi s move on rights  FPOs to help in divestmentBNP Paribas
(The regulator is keen to…)
MUMBAI: Capital market regulator Sebi is planning to allow more listed companies to raise funds through 'fast track' follow-on public offers (FPOs) and rights issues, provided issuers fulfil certain conditions. The proposed move could also make it easier for the government to divest stake in some of the state-owned companies.
Companies having a free-float market capitalisation above Rs 250 crore will be able take this route, according to a regulatory official. This will make more than 300 listed companies eligible for the fast track fundraising option. Apart from meeting existing criteria, companies will also have to fulfil additional conditions - like, promoters will have to compulsorily subscribe to rights entitlement, the stock should not have been suspended from trading in the past three years due to regulatory violations, no conflict of interest should prevail between lead manager and issuer and promoters, and the company should not have settled any violation of securities law through consent mechanism.
The regulator is keen to further reduce the time for processing offer documents for companies with good track record. At present, compliant listed companies satisfying certain specific conditions and having a market capitalisation of Rs 3,000 crore are allowed to access the primary market in a time effective manner. Such companies can proceed with FPOs and rights issue by filing a copy of prospectus with stock exchanges and Sebi. They are not required to file draft offer document for Sebi comments.
What is now being proposed is making rules simpler for a larger number of companies. "The fast track route will significantly shorten the fund-raising process for companies," said Praveen Chakarvarty, a member of Sebi's primary market advisory committee and former managing director of BNP Paribas .
"Typically, for a company wishing to raise money through an FPO or rights issue (with Sebi review), the timeline is about 5-7 months, which is very long in the current environment," said Sudhir Bassi, executive director-capital markets of the law firm Khaitan & Co. "In order to make FPO and rights issue more popular modes of raising funds by corporates, it would be useful if Sebi relaxes the eligibility requirements for fast track issuers."
The new rule on fast track issuances is expected to cover all PSUs, irrespective of their market capitalisation - a step that could facilitate the government's divestment programme. On the proposal on making it incumbent on promoters to subscribe to their rights entitlement, Chakarvarty said, "This is in line with international investing practices."
In 2012, the regulator had reduced the threshold of free-float market capitalisation for issuers accessing the market through fast-track FPOs and rights issues to Rs 3,000 crore from Rs 5,000 crore. Sebi had introduced the concept of fast track issues in 2007. The regulator is not in favour of making the fast track route available to all companies as the process involves restricted due diligence.
But some experts feel all publicly traded companies should be able to avail this facility. "All listed companies should be allowed to use the fast track route. However, to be on the conservative side, the current threshold of market cap should definitely be lowered," said Prithvi Haldea of Prime Database. "If a company is already listed and trading is taking place on a daily basis, then there is enough information available in the public domain... why, then, should an FPO or rights issue require a detailed offer document and a Sebi approval?"
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hollande rules out further spending cutsFrench president rules out further spending cuts
By Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4ed60d2a-3f60-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cameron poised to address English questionCameron to address ‘English question’ if Scots vote No
By George Parker in Edinburgh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ec96c9d0-3f8a-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sierra Leone launches controversial Ebola shutdown  citizens confined to homesSierra Leone launches controversial Ebola shutdown, citizens confined to homes
AFP
print
Sierra Leone launched on Friday a controversial three-day shutdown to contain the deadly spread of the Ebola virus, as the UN Security Council declared the deadly outbreak a threat to world peace.
Most of Sierra Leone's population of six million were confined to their homes from midnight (0000 GMT), with only essential workers such as health professionals and security forces exempt from the lockdown.
Almost 30,000 volunteers will go door-to-door to educate locals and hand out soap, in an exercise that could lead to scores more patients and bodies being discovered in people's homes.
Health experts have criticised the shutdown, arguing that coercive measures to stem the epidemic could backfire and would be extremely hard to implement.
Doctors Without Borders (MSF) warned that lockdowns may end up driving people underground "and jeopardise the trust between people and health providers".
But the government said it was determined to proceed with the move. "Rain or shine, the shutdown exercise is going to go ahead. During the three days... the job is going to get done," said Steven Gaojia, head of the government's emergency Ebola operation centre.
The extreme measure comes amid mounting global concern over the Ebola epidemic, which has so far killed more than 2,600 people in west Africa.
Paranoia over Ebola is so rife that in Guinea, seven people sent to educate villagers on the disease were found dead after coming under attack from locals who apparently feared the delegation meant them harm.
In New York, the 15-member United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution declaring that the "unprecedented extent of the Ebola outbreak in Africa constitutes a threat to international peace and security".
It called for immediate aid and urged nations to lift travel and border restrictions, and asked airlines and shipping companies to maintain their links with affected countries.
'Praying the lockdown will work'
Ebola fever can fell its victims within days, causing severe muscle pain, vomiting, diarrhoea and -- in some cases -- unstoppable internal and external bleeding.
More than 550 people have died from the disease in Sierra Leone alone, one of the three hardest hit nations alongside Guinea and Liberia.
"Ose to Ose Ebola Tok" -- "House-to-House Ebola Talk" in the widely-spoken Krio language -- will see more than 7,000 volunteer teams of four visiting the country's 1.5 million homes over the next few days.
They will educate locals on how to prevent infection, as well as set up neighbourhood watch-style community Ebola surveillance teams.
The government has said the volunteers will not enter people's homes but will call emergency services to deal with patients or bodies of which they become aware.
Extra beds have been set up at schools and hospitals across the country, including 200 in and around Freetown, with the government projecting an upsurge in cases of up to 20 percent as new patients are discovered.
The lockdown has broadly been welcomed by community leaders and residents of Freetown.
"We shall be praying that the operation will end the scourge. We support the government," said 60-year-old Samuel Johnson, a father-of-three who recently lost a daughter to Ebola.
Deadly attack on Guinean Ebola team
In Guinea, the government said seven people who were part of a team sent to educate villagers in the southeast about Ebola had been found dead.
The team had been missing after coming under attack from stone-throwing locals on Tuesday.
"It's very sad and hard to believe but they were killed in cold blood by the villagers," government spokesman Albert Damantang Camara told AFP, adding that the bodies were recovered from a septic tank in the village of Wome.
Prime Minister Mohamed Said Fofana condemned the killing, saying it "demonstrates an intolerable and unacceptable cruelty, whatever the circumstances".
It was not immediately clear what prompted the violence, but the spread of Ebola has been accompanied by paranoia and mistrust.
Many Guineans believe local and foreign healthcare workers are part of a conspiracy that either deliberately introduced the outbreak, or invented it as a means of luring Africans to clinics to harvest their blood and organs.
Meanwhile, the first French national to be infected by the virus was repatriated late Thursday and hospitalised close to Paris.
The patient, a volunteer for Doctors Without Borders (MSF), caught the virus in Liberia.

Neyveli Lignite Corpn: Proposed directors withdrawWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Hind Commerce lists equity shares in  T  GroupHind Commerce lists equity shares in 'T' Group
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
Hind Commerce Ltd (scrip code: 538652) has said in a filing to the BSE that its equity shares are listed and admitted to dealings on the exchange in the list of 'T' Group Securities from September 19.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Dumping duty imposed on electrical insulators from ChinaDumping duty imposed on electrical insulators from China
K R Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
The Finance Ministry has imposed provisional anti-dumping duty on import of electical insulators (glass or porcelain) from China.
Electrical insulators are typically used in bushings, disconnectors, circuit breakers, transformers, power transmission and distribution lines, including railways.
The petition seeking anti-dumping probe on import of electrical insulators from China was filed by Aditya Birla Nuvo, Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd, WS Industries, Modern Insulators and Insulator and Elecrical Company.
The provisional anti dumping duty — which will be valid for six months — ranged from $ 287 per tonne to $ 2,042 per tonne depending on the producer.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Markets trim early gains; Nifty holds 8 100Markets trim early gains; Nifty holds 8,100
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 09:50 AM IST
Markets trimmed early gains as investors booked profits at higher levels after sharp gains on Thursday. Further, selling by foreign funds also weighed on investor sentiment.
At 9:50AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 28 points at 27,140 and the 50-share Nifty was up 12 points at 8,127.
Foreign funds sold shares worth Rs 9.5 crore on Thursday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
The rupee was trading higher at Rs 60.76 compared to its previous close of Rs 60.84. On Thursday, the Indian rupee ended eight paise higher at 60.84 against the greenback following late dollar selling by exporters and a strong rally in local shares.
Asian shares firmed on the back of encouraging reports on the initial public offering by Chinese e-commerce major Alibaba Group. Shares in Japan were trading higher as the yen weakened against the US dollar. The benchmark Nikkei was up 1.4% at 16,301. The Shanghai Composite and Hang Seng were trading flat with positive bias while Straits Times was up 0.3%.
TCS was the top Sensex gainer up nearly 2% followed by HDFC, Sun Pharma, Bajaj Auto and ONGC among others.
Cipla was up 1.5% after it  signed an agreement with American company Salix Pharmaceuticals, under which Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights over certain patent applications in the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patents owned by Cipla. The grant is on a worldwide basis, excluding the countries of Asia (other than Japan) and Africa.
Among other shares, Biocon is trading higher by 2.5% at Rs 512, after the biotechnology firm said Silver Leaf Oak acquires 10% stake in Syngene International, the company’s research services subsidiary. Silver Leaf Oak (Mauritius), an investment vehicle advised by India Value Fund Advisors (IVFA), has agreed to acquire a minority 10% stake in Syngene, the research services subsidiary of Biocon, the company said in a statement.
The broader market also trimmed some of the early gains and the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up 0.6% each.
Market breadth was strong with 1,294 gainers and 654 losers on the BSE.

Suzlon Energy declines 10% on listing of fresh sharesSuzlon Energy declines 10% on listing of fresh shares
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 09:48 AM IST
Suzlon Energy has locked in lower circuit of 10% at Rs 20.40 on BSE, with no buyers on the counter, after fresh shares allotted on conversion of foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) of the company starts trading today.
Suzlon Energy had allotted 270 million equity shares of Rs 2 each allotted at a price of Rs 15.46 per share pursuant to conversion of FCCBs of the company.
The new securities of Suzlon Energy are listed and permitted for trading on the exchange with effect from Friday, September 19, 2014, BSE said in notice dated 18 September 2014.
Post allotment total holding of the promoter declined to 34.46% from 37.81% earlier.
The stock opened at Rs 21.20 and touched a high of Rs 21.60 on BSE. Till 0945 hours, a combined 6.76 million shares changed hands on the counter on BSE and NSE.
 

iPhone 6 shows why the Apple phone is still a bigdealPeople wait to buy the new Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices, outside an Apple store in Hong Kong on Friday. The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus were released on Friday in Hong Kong. (Source: AP Photo)
AP | New York | Posted: September 19, 2014 10:08 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 11:33 am
It’s easy to dismiss Apple’s new iPhones as merely catching up to Android.
After all, phones running Google’s Android system long have had larger screens. In addition, many Android phones already have the wireless chips that iPhones are getting for making credit card payments without pulling out a card at retail stores.
But the new iPhones are a big deal for one simple reason: Only Apple has the advantage of building both the hardware and the software, so iPhones are easier to use and more dependable.
There are many flavors of Android out there, and some phones won’t run the latest apps or work with accessories such as smartwatches. In addition, many leading apps come to the iPhone first or have features exclusive to iPhones.
There are still reasons to go with Android. Samsung’s flagship phones are still slightly larger than the new iPhones, for instance. Their cameras have higher megapixel counts — though that’s just one factor in what makes a good photo.
What the new iPhones do is eliminate screen size as a reason to avoid iPhones.
The question, then, becomes: Which one?
A customer shows off the new Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus at a store in Tokyo on Friday. (Source: AP photo)
Size considerations
The iPhone 5, 5s and 5c have screens measuring 4 inches diagonally. The iPhone 6 boosts that to 4.7 inches, while the iPhone 6 Plus is at 5.5 inches. Yet the new phones are thinner than the smaller models.
Apple gets rid of glass in the back in favour of an all-aluminum body with curved edges. The new iPhones don’t feel as boxy as previous models.
And the new phones make good use of the larger screens. Those with poorer eyesight can choose a “zoom” option so that everything gets blown up to fill the extra space, just like larger Android phones. Otherwise, you can fit in more content, including an extra row of icons on the home screen.
The iPhone 6 Plus also allows apps to rearrange their layout in horizontal mode. Content appears in two columns, so you’re not switching back and forth as much. The drawback: The Plus is huge for those who don’t regularly carry a backpack or purse.
I personally find past iPhones easier to carry and fit in the pocket, especially when I go out running. Apple will still make last year’s 5s and 5c available, at reduced prices. The 5c is essentially 2-year-old technology, so the 5s is the better option.
New features
The 5s doesn’t have the new iPhones’ faster processors, but speed should be adequate for the next year or two. But here’s what you’ll miss, besides the bigger screen:
Only the new phones have the mobile continued…

Mkt may see higher volatility; like Havells  CESC: Ambit08:00 am
The local investor appetite has been quite strong in the last few months, believes Saurabh Mukherjea, CEO, Institutional Equities, Ambit Capital. According to him, investment is likely to pickup in mutual fund and retail industry and he expects multiple midcaps to see good run in the medium-term.
He, however, cautions about the higher market volatility going ahead.
Mukherjea advises investors to pick market leaders or companies that have well-run business. He is bullish on  Mayur Uniquoters , V-Guard Industries  and TTK Prestige for the same.
Home improvement theme based stocks could see big upsides, says Mukherjea. He, therefore, expects paints, cement, electricals, plyboards, pipes, sanitaryware to show strong growth in future. He is bullish on Greenply ,  Century Plyboards and  Havells India from the pack.
Among other stocks Mukherjea picks Page Industries , CESC , CRISIL  and eClerx  as his favourite bets.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: We didn’t see any foreign institutional investor (FII) buy figure yesterday, in fact there was a sell figure, so, perhaps a lot of local action in the market. What is the sense you are getting about what took place yesterday?
A: Hard to make sense of day-to-day movement but local investor’s appetite in last couple of months has been very strong. There was a recent print that it is the first three month period in a long time, 4-5 years, when domestic flows have exceeded FII flows.
It is clear that the mutual fund community is seeing heavy inflows plus retail investors are coming into the stock market and that is but natural. You are into a fairly strong rally and you are likely to see retail inflows pickup quite substantially at this point.
Q: I know it is not possible to guess day-on-day movement but you would be better at it than many others. Will you be worried that the market is moving without too much of fund buying and a whole 2 percent rally on the indices, does it worry you that equally sharp corrections may come?
A: It is not so much of the level of the index which is worrying me. What is worrying me is volatility. So if you see the volatility index (VIX), I think the Indian VIX is at 1, it is at its lowest levels, I have seen it for the last five-six years and in our profession, volatility is mean reverting.
If we have periods of very low volatility, it is almost inevitable that you will revert to the period of high volatility. That is what is causing us greater concern as to how abnormally calm the markets are. That is usually difficult to sustain, something or the other will emerge to give markets a push into a more volatile zone but it is inevitable almost.
Q: Is it also concerning you that we have not seen any resolution of some of the trickiest problems that confront the Indian economy. Coal is still an issue, power producers are still lying ideal because state electricity boards (SEBs) can’t buy much. Intractable problems surely but now we are four months into the new government; it is not a small time. Does it worry you?
A: To be fair, I don’t think anybody expected solutions just yet but I was expecting the government to put on the table various options. So, if you take say the discom challenge, it is a challenge that we have been very familiar with in India for the best part of the last 20 years.
We were expecting the new government to come with some ideas as to how this can be dealt with. So, the fact that we have no public debate on either the discom issue, food inflation or the banking recap, the complete lack of discussion on these subjects is slightly perplexing. If by Christmas we are no wiser than we are today, we will start losing a bit of sleep about FY16 economic growth.
Q: Would that lead to any volatility in the market because looks like the low hanging fruit has now been picked out? How do you approach the setup from hereon and what could the markers be now?
A: If we look at the Indian market, the last couple of years, especially the last 12 months, have been about huge movements in the index; not just the Nifty but also rapid movements in the small and midcap index.
As the new government settles into the office, it is bound to become much more stock specific. So, we still have upside at the index level over the next 6-7 months but it is modest; 10-15 percent at most at the index level.
You necessarily have to go back to stock picking and go back to our favourite theme good and clean companies, high quality companies, well-run companies with clean management teams, clean accounts and we will go back to stock picking and the good news is there are plenty of small and midcap stocks that will have a good run in the remainder of the fiscal.
Q: Your report is really interesting, you talk about how great companies evolve and how you should catch them at an early stage, so, as they say catch them young and watch them grow. So, in the first stage you have identified some companies like eClerx, Mayur Uniquoters doesn’t trade much but just tell us about these stories and how much can investors can make in terms of returns over the next two to three years?
A: One of the benefits that your viewers have than several of our clients, they don’t have to worry about liquidity. They can buy reasonably generous size portions of Mayur Uniquoters or eClerx without having to worry about will I move the stock price if I touch the name.
For example consider Mayur Uniquoters. The company is run by family, based in Jaipur but the largest manufacturer by long way of artificial leather in India. So, if you drive an Indian car or if you wear Bata shoes you will by default be a Mayur Uniquoters customer.
It started 15 years ago but in the last three or four years it picked up steam. They have contracts from Ford and GM in North America, capital allocation has been impeccable, the family owns 60-62 percent so they are highly unlikely to sort of fritter away their fortune.
If you buy good companies at their youth stage or early years, the first 15-20 years of their existence can compound 30-35 percent. If you buy great companies in the youth, 30-35 percent compounding is what we have found in our model portfolios.
If you buy the same company in its prime when it sort of a default participant in your indexes, in your programs, in our coverage, once it becomes a darling of the stock market even if it continues performing well the compounding comes down to more than 20-25 percent compounding and obviously the most dangerous is descent.
One of the key findings of our research is 85 percent of great Indian companies go on to slide and it is almost like age in human life. As you become more and more successful and chuck off greater and greater sums of capital to reinvest that capital as successfully as you did before gets harder and harder.
RELATED NEWS

Early count points to record turnout for Scotlands independence voteEarly count points to record turnout for Scotland’s independence vote
PTI
Tweet
Edinburgh (Scotland), Sept 19:  
Early figures today indicated the turnout for Scotland’s historic independence referendum could be the highest-ever in the United Kingdom, for a vote that could break up the centuries-old union.
A survey released after polling stations closed said independence could be narrowly rejected, but both “Yes” and “No” campaigners said it was too close to call as counting was underway in Scotland’s 32 voting districts.
“So that’s that. Polls have closed. What an amazing, emotional, inspirational day of democracy this has been. Now we wait,” said Nicola Sturgeon, deputy leader of the Scottish National Party (SNP) that demanded the vote.
Crowds gathered for all-night parties in Glasgow and Edinburgh, draped in the blue-and-white Saltire flags of Scotland and setting off flares, while campaigners waited anxiously for results in the counting centres.
“We are going to stay out till the result,” said Dylan McDonald, 17, one of Scotland’s 16- and 17-year-olds who have been able to vote in the referendum for the first time.
Turnout in many voting districts was touching 90 per cent, meaning turnout could break the previous record set in the general election of 1950.
The historic decision gripped many Scots who previously took little interest in politics, igniting passions and raising the prospect of deep changes to the governance of the union no matter the result.
Prime Minister David Cameron promised greater powers for Scotland’s Parliament in a last-minute bid to convince voters to stay in the union, prompting politicians in his Conservative party to call for the same treatment for England.
Newspapers of Northern England united to demand the devolution of powers to their regions in a “fair deal after so many promises were made to Scotland during the referendum campaign’’.
Cameron will speak on the future of the United Kingdom as soon as the referendum outcome is issued, and reports say if independence is rejected, he will announce plans to change the division of power in the high-centralised union.
Some ballot boxes were brought by helicopter and others by boat from remote islands to be counted after the polls closed, with the final result predicted to arrive in the early hours today.
The closure of the airport on the Isle of Lewis due to fog meant ballot boxes would have to travel by slower fishing boat.
At the counting centre in Scotland’s oil city Aberdeen, boxes of postal votes were tipped out onto tables at the stroke of 10.00 p.m. when the polls closed, and officials immediately began sorting the ballots.
Election officials in Glasgow said they had contacted police over a handful of allegations that people had turned up to vote only to find their names already crossed off the ballot sheet.
The question for voters at Scotland’s more than 5,000 polling stations was “Should Scotland be an independent country?” and they are asked to mark either “Yes” or “No’’.
International media descended on the Edinburgh venue where the city’s ballots will be totted up to witness a count that could have repercussions from Spain to Canada.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Obama suggests Indian-American as India envoyDavid Brunnstrom and Jeff Mason     Washington   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 12:13 IST
US President Barack Obama. (Photo: Reuters)
US President Barack Obama nominated former State Department official Richard Verma as the country's ambassador to India on Thursday, just ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Washington, a White House statement said.
Verma, an Indian-American, served as assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs at the State Department in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2011.
He is currently a senior counselor at Steptoe & Johnson law firm and the Albright Stonebridge Group, a business advisory company, led by former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
White House officials said Verma has close relationships with Obama's White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough, National Security Adviser Susan Rice, and Senior Adviser John Podesta. He will be the first Indian-American to do the job.
If he is confirmed by Congress, Verma will replace Nancy Powell, who resigned in March after a damaging row over the treatment of a junior Indian diplomat, Devyani Khobragade, who was accused by authorities in New York of visa fraud and underpaying a domestic worker. Khobragade was arrested and strip-searched in New York last year, an incident that took the US-India relationship to its lowest ebb in a decade.
The US Embassy in New Delhi is currently headed by a charge d' Affairs, Kathleen Stephens.
Modi is due to visit Washington September 29-30 for a trip aimed at revitalising ties and clearing the air. The Prime Minister was denied a visa to the United States in 2005 after Hindu mobs killed more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, in 2002 while he was chief minister of his home state of Gujarat.
The US sees India as a natural ally on a range of issues and a potential counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia and is keen to expand relations across the board, particularly in the security sphere.
In 2010, Obama declared the US-India relationship would be "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century," but ties have so far failed to live up fully to this billing.
Some analysts have questioned whether an Indian-American would be the best choice as ambassador, given ambivalence among some in India about the diaspora in the United States.
They have also said it was important for the US to pick "a heavy-hitter" close to the US President to show it considered India a real strategic partner.
Verma's association with Obama goes back to 2008, when he worked on presidential debate preparations for the then-Illinois senator. Verma's parents came to the US in the early 1960s having lived through India's fight for independence from Britain and partition, White House officials said.
With US lawmakers about to leave town to spend the next six weeks campaigning for the November 4 congressional elections, Verma will not be confirmed by the Senate before mid-November.
The Obama administration has been fighting with the Senate all year to get its nominees confirmed more quickly. There are currently dozens of nominees for ambassadorships awaiting confirmation by the US Senate.
(Reuters)

BSE Sensex  Nifty gain on sustained buyingMarket update: Sensex falls over 21 points, Nifty gains over 6 points
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 17:25 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The 30 scrip sensitive index (Sensex) on Friday erased early gains to end 21.79 points down on losses in capital goods, oil & gas, and realty shares but recent gains helped the benchmark log its sixth week of gains, the longest in over two years.
After opening in the positive zone at 27,139.39, the Sensex surged to touch the day's high of 27,247.17 on continued buying by foreign funds and retail investors on positive domestic and global cues.
However, late selling at improved levels wiped off initial gains to close 21.79 points, or 0.08 per cent, down at 27,090.42. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 27,047.68.
The gauge rallied 619.70 points in previous two sessions on the back of rising optimism over trade ties with China and Fed's continued pledge to retain rates at low levels.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex gained 29.37 points as it registered its sixth straight week of rise. The 50-share NSE Nifty index managed to close in positive zone with a marginal gain of 6.70 points, or 0.08 per cent, at 8,121.45 as TCS, Lupin, Maruti Suzuki, Tata Steel, Axis Bank and Cipla stocks gained. The barometer moved between 8,160.90 and 8,105.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Sentiments turned somewhat weak and early gains were pared after participants preferred to book profits in recent gainers at prevailing higher levels, equity brokers said.
Profit-booking in bluechips at current levels, brought Sensex down, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based broker. Overall, 13 constituents of 30-share Sensex like L&T, HeroMoto Corp , Hindustan Unilever, Mahindra and Mahindra, ONGC, SBI, Tata Motors, RIL and BHEL fell while 17 others rose.
Shares of Tata Steel and TCS caught buyers' fancy after Moody's on Thursday upgraded ratings of Tata Group firms.
Sectorally, the BSE Capital Goods index suffered the most by falling 1.89, followed by the Oil & Gas index that fell 1.22 per cent, Realty index 0.81 per cent, Auto index 0.70 per cent, Metal index 0.50 per cent, FMCG index by 0.40 per cent and Power index 0.40 per cent.
Bucking the trend, small-cap and mid-cap indices rose 0.63 and 0.04 per cent. Globally, other Asian markets ended higher and European markets were in better form.
(Reuters)

GMR Infrastructure rallies over 2% on Nepal dealYou are here: Home > Collections > Nepal
GMR plan for $1.4 billion hydroelectric plant in Nepal; stock up over 2%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 09.44AM IST
Tags:
Cabinet Minister
(The Nepalese government…)
NEW DELHI: GMR Infrastructure Ltd rallied as much as 2.1 per cent in trade on Friday after Nepal's centre-left cabinet on cleared the way for Indian firm GMR to build a $1.4 billion hydroelectric plant in the northwest of the country, a cabinet minister said, the Himalayan republic's biggest foreign investment scheme.
At 09:40 a.m.; GMR Infrastructure was trading 1.5 per cent higher at Rs 23.30. It hit a low of Rs 23.10 and a high of Rs 23.45 in trade today.
The Nepalese government agreed to allow GMR in 2008 to construct the 900-megawatt Upper Karnali hydroelectric power plant in the northwest, Reuters reported.
"Officials said GMR and another Indian firm, Satluj Vidyut Nigam , plan to construct other hydroelectric plants in Nepal with a potential to generate up to 42,000 megawatts of electricity," said the report.
As per the report, the GMR plant, set for completion in 2021, will provide 12 percent energy free to Nepal to ease a crippling power shortage and help its economy emerge from a decade-long civil war that scared away investors and slowed infrastructure projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee up 10 paise against dollar in early tradeRupee gains on foreign flows, but falls for the week
PTI  Mumbai, September 19, 2014
First Published: 10:19 IST(19/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:09 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
The Indian rupee rose for a fourth consecutive session on Friday, boosted by strong foreign fund flows into markets, although the local currency fell against the dollar for the week, in line with losses in other emerging Asian currencies.
Scotland's decision to stay in the United Kingdom also eased investor concerns on Friday after a recent run of global political obstacles.
Although the rupee hit a one-month low on Monday, it has steadily risen since then on optimism that hefty foreign fund flows will better help it weather any volatility related to potential US Federal Reserve rate hikes.
Foreign funds bought $484.65 million of government bonds on Thursday, the highest since a record high of $2.65 billion on August 21.
"While some assets may be over-valued, there is still a lot of space to go long on India. I see the rupee strengthening from here in the lead up to the RBI's policy review later this month," said Surendran AV, head of treasury at Dhanlaxmi Bank in Mumbai.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.81/82 per dollar, compared to its close of 60.83/84 on Thursday. Still, it was down 0.26% for the week on account of the big losses on Monday, posting a second consecutive weekly loss.
With few domestic factors next week, traders say foreign fund flows will determine the rupee's direction ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review on September 30.
Foreign funds have bought debt and equity worth nearly $3.61 billion so far in September, as per regulatory data, bringing their total for the year to $33.66 billion.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.14/19 while the three-month contract was at 61.63/73.

From $100bn to $20bn: What do the missing billions tell about India-China tiesComments
China’s consul-general in Mumbai throws around a figure of $100 billion in investment over the next five years. His president, Xi Jinping, signs agreements that total only $20 billion. The explanations for this curious gap are a metaphor for why the Sino-Indian relationship will never go beyond a certain point.
“The $100 billion figure was never an official number. The csul-general was perhaps imagining what could happen,” a Chinese embassy official said. Indian diplomats scoff at the idea a Chinese official would offer a figure without approval far up the food chain.
The $100 billion seems to have largely designed to overshadow the $35 billion five-year plan announced by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Xi’s failure to even rhetorically match the initial expectations about his trip underlines two elements of China’s attitude to India.
Read: After Modi-Xi meeting, China pulls back troops from Ladakh
One, Beijing is short term about India. During the Depsang intrusion, a senior Indian official spoke of China’s “great power autism” – how it would let small things undo all the good things it had accomplished.
Over 80% of Indians mistrust China: an older generation because of 1962, a younger one because of Beijing’s belligerence. Talking one number and walking a smaller one will reinforce what many Indians say in private: “You can’t trust the Chinese.”
Two, China tends to treat India better when a powerful third country is cosying up to New Delhi. Xi has good reasons to seek better ties with India. He needs infrastructure markets for his over-sized capital goods manufacturers.
But Beijing does not see India, a messy democracy with an economy one-fourth China’s, as being in the same league. Before they officially take power, Chinese leaders visit the countries they see as big leaguers. Xi did not come here.
Japan’s wooing of India is a key reason China is all sweetness and light on the economic front. Indian negotiators of the 2006 border agreement say they got a good deal because of their then close ties with the US.
That Xi did not feel he even needed to match what Abe had offered was a sign of that this has yet to change with China. “This was the only surprise in the trip,” said a Japanese diplomat. And a sobering reminder for India.

US man shoots 6 grandchildren  daughter; kills self in front of copsUS man kills six grandchildren, daughter
AFP
A man killed his daughter and six grandchildren, the youngest just three months old, in a mass shooting at a house in the US state of Florida on Thursday.
The shooter, identified as Don Charles Spirit, 51, then killed himself, said Gilchrist county sheriff Robert Schultz.
The oldest child was age 11.
Officials work on NW 29th Terrace near the scene of the shooting on Thursday in Florida. (AP Photo)
"I haven't seen anything like this at all," Schultz, who was visibly shaken, told reporters.
"This county, this community is going to be devastated from this. It is a small county, we are all family here.
"We're asking for prayers for this community and the families involved."
Spirit had contacted emergency services saying that he was considering harming himself and others, but when police arrived at the home in the small town of Bell, his daughter and young grandchildren were all dead, police said.
Spirit reportedly killed himself while police were there.
In an incident later ruled an accident, Spirit shot and killed his nine-year-old son during a 2001 hunting trip, the Tampa Bay Times reported.
The child died instantly from a bullet wound to the head, caused by Spirit's rifle going off while he cleaned rust from the barrel, the paper said.
Thursday's grisly episode is sure to revive passionate debate about gun ownership in the United States, where 11,000 people were murdered by gun violence in 2011, according to FBI figures.
A Gilchrist County sheriff's deputy lowers the yellow tape to let vehicles through at the scene of the shooting on Thursday in Florida. (AP Photo)
However firearms-control activists face fierce opposition from America's powerful pro-gun lobby, which staunchly opposes any effort to limit any restriction of the second amendment of the US Constitution, which protects citizens' rights to own guns.
US President Barack Obama tried and failed to introduce a ban on assault weapons and to require more stringent background checks for gun buyers after the Newtown massacre in which 20 children and six adults were killed in December 2012.
The measures foundered against the strong support for gun rights in the US Congress and the power of the firearms lobby.
The National Rifle Association and other gun groups then mounted a successful counter-campaign, warning members that the US government was bent on taking guns away.
US school shootings have become a periodic tragic occurrence in recent years, generally generating public debate on gun control in their aftermath.
The topic was once again in the US news last month, when a nine-year-old girl learning to fire an Uzi submachine gun accidentally killed her instructor when she lost control of the powerful weapon.

Sterling soars on Scottish vote  Asian shares riseAsian shares up, Scottish vote seen lifting Europe
Reuters
Tweet
Employees of a foreign exchange trading company displaying the Japanese yen's exchange rate against against the US dollar (top) in Tokyo on September 19, 2014. Sterling rose to a two-week high against the US dollar and two-year peak against the euro on Friday, taking comfort from early results of a Scottish referendum that indicated a break-up of the United Kingdom will be averted. Photo: Reuters
Tokyo, Sept 19:  
The British pound rose sharply after the Scottish independence vote indicated Scotland would remain in the United Kingdom, while Wall Street's overnight gains and Alibaba Group's red-hot initial public offering underpinned Asian shares.
The cheer was expected to spread to European bourses, where financial spreadbetters predicted Britain's FTSE 100 would open up by 78-79 points or 1.2 per cent; Germany's DAX was seen opening 70-72 points or 0.7 per cent higher; and France's CAC 40 was expected to rise by 13-14 points or 0.3 per cent.
"The old market adage of 'buy the rumour sell the fact' may still hold because if you're leaving it to this morning to buy on post referendum euphoria you may be getting in at the top," Capital Spreads dealer Jonathan Sudaria said in a note to clients.
Though the nationalists won Scotland's biggest city, Glasgow, they failed to meet expectations in other constituencies as the country spurned independence in its historic referendum.
Sterling rebounds
Sterling was last up 0.4 per cent at $1.6460 after rising as high as $1.6525, a marked turnaround from a 10-month low of $1.6051 touched just last week. The move helped push the dollar to a six-year high against the yen in cross trading, market participants said.
"This indirectly lifted the dollar against the yen, as sterling rose against the yen," said Masashi Murata, currency strategist for Brown Brothers Harriman in Tokyo.
Sterling rose more than two full yen against the Japanese currency to buy 180.66 yen, its highest since late 2008. It was last up 0.9 per cent at 179.70 yen.
MSCI index
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added about 0.2 per cent, supported by Wall Street's strong showing overnight, with both the benchmark S&P 500 and the Dow Jones industrial average setting intraday record highs. But the Asian index was still on track for a weekly loss of about 1.4 per cent.
Sentiment was also underpinned by news that Alibaba Group Holding priced its IPO at $68 a share, the top end of the expected range, raising $21.8 billion on Thursday in one of the largest-ever stock offerings.
Nikkei stock average
Japan's Nikkei stock average ended up 1.6 per cent at a seven-year closing high, giving it a 2.3 per cent gain for the week. Shares got a tailwind from a weaker currency as the dollar pushed to a new six-year high of 109.46 yen .
The Nikkei also got a lift after Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said he aims to carry out as soon as possible reform of the country's $1.2 trillion public fund, the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF), in a reshuffle seen as good for equities.
"It's mainly short-term hedge funds chasing the market higher today by buying futures and index-heavy weight stocks," said Norihiro Fujito, a senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities.
The dollar index, which tracks the US unit against a basket of six major peers, stood at 84.333, edging up on the day after it climbed as high as 84.743 on Thursday, its strongest level in more than four years.
The euro wilted about 0.1 per cent to $1.2906 after refreshing a 14-month low on Thursday, when it fell as low as $1.2834.
Geopolitical risks
Risk sentiment was tempered by geopolitical clouds on the horizon. The US Senate had on Thursday approved a bill requested by President Barack Obama to arm and train moderate Syrian rebels fighting Islamic State militants, which now goes to Obama to sign into law.
Obama said the strong bipartisan support showed Americans were united in the fight against Islamic State militants.
"The emergence of the militant group ISIS in Syria and Iraq, and recent increase in efforts to fight it, has ushered in a new era of geopolitical risk" in West Asia and North Africa, strategists at Barclays wrote in a client note.
"We think the stage seems set for a prolonged period of heightened regional uncertainty, with risks potentially spilling over into global oil markets and other economies and financial markets in the region," they said.
Brent crude, gold
Brent crude held below $98 a barrel on Friday, but was set for its first weekly gain in three on the possibility of lower OPEC output. Brent edged down to $97.63 a barrel, while US crude slipped slightly to $92.94.
Spot gold inched lower to $1,224.40 an ounce after touching $1,216.01 in the previous session, its lowest since January 2.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Sensex trading marginally in the green; IT  TECk stocks major gainersSensex ends marginally in the red
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session near flat due to profit-taking by funds and retail investors amid firm global cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended down 21.79 points at 27,090.42 and the 50-share NSE index closed marginally up by 6.7 points at 8,121.45.
Among BSE sectoral indices, IT and TECk indices were the star-performers and were up 1.39 per cent and 1.13 per cent, respectively. On the other hand, capital goods index was down 1.89 per cent, oil & gas 1.22 per cent, PSU 0.97 per cent and realty 0.81 per cent.
TCS, Maruti, Cipla, HDFC and Wipro were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were L&T, ONGC, SBIN, HUL and Hero MotoCorp.
European stocks rallied to the highest level since January 2008, with the UK benchmark gauge trading near a 14-year peak, as Scotland voted to reject independence from Great Britain. US index futures and Asian shares also climbed.
Scotland spurned independence in a historic referendum that threatened to rip the United Kingdom apart, sow financial turmoil and diminish Britain's remaining global clout.
Stoxx 50 was up 18.42 points or 0.56 per cent at 3,289.79, FTSE 100 gained 35.54 points or 0.52 per cent at 6,854.83,CAC 40 was up 15.75 points or 0.35 per cent at 4,480.45 and DAX climbed 55.30 points or 0.56 per cent at 9,853.43.
Sterling was last up 0.4 percent at $1.6460 after rising as high as $1.6525, a marked turnaround from a 10-month low of $1.6051 touched just last week. The move helped push the dollar to a six-year high against the yen in cross trading, market participants said.
Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures rose 0.4 per cent. while the MSCI Asia Pacific Index climbed 0.3 per cent.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Markets firm up led by IT shares; Sensex tops 27 200Markets firm up led by IT shares; Sensex tops 27,200
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 10:48 AM IST
Markets recovered from the day's lows and edged higher after the first hour of trade led by shares of IT exporters and select pharma majors.
At 10:48AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 92 points at 27,205 and the 50-share Nifty was up 34 points at 8,149.
Foreign funds sold shares worth Rs 9.5 crore on Thursday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
The rupee was trading higher at Rs 60.80 compared to its previous close of Rs 60.84 on expectation of continued foreign fund buying in shares and bonds.
Overseas investors bought index futures worth $106.22 million on Thursday, as per NSE data. Foreign banks bought debt worth of 18.93 billion rupees ($311.7 million), as per CCIL data.
Asian shares firmed on the back of encouraging reports on the initial public offering by Chinese e-commerce major Alibaba Group. Shares in Japan were trading higher as the yen weakened against the US dollar. The benchmark Nikkei was up 1.6% at 16,335. The Shanghai Composite was down 0.1% and Hang Seng was trading 0.4% higher while Straits Times was up 0.3%.
The BSE IT index was the top sectoral gainer up 2% followed by Consumer Durables, Healthcare, Oil and Gas indices.
Shares of Tata Group companies are trading higher by up to 9% in otherwise subdued market after global rating agency Moody's has upgraded the ratings for many group firms including Tata Motors, Tata Steels and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS).
Alan Greene, a Moody's Vice President, Senior Credit Officer said the multiple rating actions are based on the track record of Tata Sons in providing timely support to its investee companies.
Tata Power Company gained nearly 2% after global ratings agency Moody's Investors Service upgraded the company's corporate family rating to Ba3/Stable from B1/Negative, and senior unsecured rating to Ba3/Stable from B2/Negative, thus no longer notching for subordination.
Sun Pharma extended gains and was up 1% after the drug maker said it has entered into a licensing agreement with Merck & Co Inc for investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, Tildrakizumab to be used for treatment of plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment.
Cipla was up 1.5% after it signed an agreement with American company Salix Pharmaceuticals, under which Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights over certain patent applications in the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patents owned by Cipla. The grant is on a worldwide basis, excluding the countries of Asia (other than Japan) and Africa.
Among other shares, Suzlon Energy has locked in lower circuit of 10% at Rs 20.40 on BSE, with no buyers on the counter, after fresh shares allotted on conversion of foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) of the company starts trading today.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap extended gains and were up nearly 1% each.
Market breadth was strong with 1,539 gainers and 859 losers on the BSE.

Obama nominates Richard Verma as next US ambassadorDavid Brunnstrom and Jeff Mason     Washington   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 12:13 IST
US President Barack Obama. (Photo: Reuters)
US President Barack Obama nominated former State Department official Richard Verma as the country's ambassador to India on Thursday, just ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Washington, a White House statement said.
Verma, an Indian-American, served as assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs at the State Department in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2011.
He is currently a senior counselor at Steptoe & Johnson law firm and the Albright Stonebridge Group, a business advisory company, led by former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
White House officials said Verma has close relationships with Obama's White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough, National Security Adviser Susan Rice, and Senior Adviser John Podesta. He will be the first Indian-American to do the job.
If he is confirmed by Congress, Verma will replace Nancy Powell, who resigned in March after a damaging row over the treatment of a junior Indian diplomat, Devyani Khobragade, who was accused by authorities in New York of visa fraud and underpaying a domestic worker. Khobragade was arrested and strip-searched in New York last year, an incident that took the US-India relationship to its lowest ebb in a decade.
The US Embassy in New Delhi is currently headed by a charge d' Affairs, Kathleen Stephens.
Modi is due to visit Washington September 29-30 for a trip aimed at revitalising ties and clearing the air. The Prime Minister was denied a visa to the United States in 2005 after Hindu mobs killed more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, in 2002 while he was chief minister of his home state of Gujarat.
The US sees India as a natural ally on a range of issues and a potential counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia and is keen to expand relations across the board, particularly in the security sphere.
In 2010, Obama declared the US-India relationship would be "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century," but ties have so far failed to live up fully to this billing.
Some analysts have questioned whether an Indian-American would be the best choice as ambassador, given ambivalence among some in India about the diaspora in the United States.
They have also said it was important for the US to pick "a heavy-hitter" close to the US President to show it considered India a real strategic partner.
Verma's association with Obama goes back to 2008, when he worked on presidential debate preparations for the then-Illinois senator. Verma's parents came to the US in the early 1960s having lived through India's fight for independence from Britain and partition, White House officials said.
With US lawmakers about to leave town to spend the next six weeks campaigning for the November 4 congressional elections, Verma will not be confirmed by the Senate before mid-November.
The Obama administration has been fighting with the Senate all year to get its nominees confirmed more quickly. There are currently dozens of nominees for ambassadorships awaiting confirmation by the US Senate.
(Reuters)

Sensex Up 100 Points  Nifty Near 8 150You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Rise Amid Broad Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 19, 2014 11:14 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
BSE Sensex and Nifty gained some traction in noon trade with the indices rising nearly 0.5 per cent. Gains in Indian markets tracked higher Asian markets which were boosted after the Scottish independence vote indicated Scotland would remain in the United Kingdom.
Market expert Rajat Bose is cautious, saying that Nifty faces resistance at its all-time high level of 8,180 levels. Though the sentiment is strong, weekly technical indicators show some weakness, he added.
In currency trade, the rupee also edged higher to 60.77/dollar against its previous close of 60.83.
The Sensex was up 106 points to 27,218 while Nifty rose 38 points to 8,153. The buying activity was stronger in broader markets with BSE midcap and smallcap indices rising nearly 1 per cent.
Among frontline stocks, strong buying was seen in IT stocks, with HCL Tech, TCS and Tech Mahindra rising between 2.5 per cent and 4 per cent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added 0.2 per cent, also supported by cheer on Wall Street, where both the benchmark S&P 500 and the Dow Jones industrial average set intraday record highs. Sentiment was also underpinned by news that Alibaba Group Holding priced its IPO at $68 a share, the top end of the expected range, raising $21.8 billion on Thursday in one of the largest-ever stock offerings.
(With Agency Inputs)

GIC  Aberdeen plan to sell stake in Hero MotoCorpLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GIC, Aberdeen plan to sell stake in Hero MotoCorp
Both GIC and Aberdeen are in talks with other PE and financial investors to sell stake. Warburg Pincus, Carlyle and Blackstone have already expressed an interest.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Private equity investors such as GIC and Aberdeen are planning to sell their stake in  Hero MotoCorp worth over Rs 5600 crore. GIC is looking to sell its stake through secondary deal or open market.
Both GIC and Aberdeen are in talks with other PE and financial investors to sell stake. Warburg Pincus, Carlyle and Blackstone have already expressed an interest. If the deal goes through via the secondary market, GIC and Aberdeen could be looking at a premium of 10 percent to current market price.
GIC holds 3.7 percent stake in Hero Moto, while Aberdeen holds 5.7 percent.
If the talks with PE players do not materialise, then GIC and Aberdeen will be looking to sell their stake in tranches through open market transaction by this year end.
Bain Capital that had earlier held around 8 percent in the company has sold significant stake in chunks through open market transactions.
The PE players as well as Hero MotoCorp refused to comment on the story.
RELATED NEWS

PM Modi to launch Swachha Bharat drive from Oct 2PM Modi to launch Swachha Bharat drive from Oct 2
Indian Muslims will die for the country: Modi slams Al QaedaIndian Muslims will die for the country: Modi slams Al Qaeda
RBI must raise interest rates to bring down inflation: IMFRBI must raise interest rates to bring down inflation: IMF
8K Miles Software surges over 30% in three days on mutual fund buying8K Miles Software surges over 30% in three days on mutual fund buying
Indian-American Named US Ambassador To IndiaIndian-American Named US Ambassador To India
Rupee trading strong at 60.75Rupee trading a tad weak at 60.86
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
The rupee was trading a tad weak at 60.86 against the dollar at 4.05 p.m. local time due to mild dollar demand from importers and dollar's gains against other currencies overseas.
After opening strong by 10 paise to 60.74 against the US dollar in early trade at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market today, the domestic unit hovered in the range of 60.73 and 60.88 in the afternoon trade.
Yesterday, the Indian rupee had ended eight paise higher at 60.84 against the greenback following late dollar selling by exporters and a strong rally in local shares.
In the previous three sessions, the rupee gained 29 paise.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Scotland to stay within UKScotland to stay within UK
Reuters
Tweet
Supporters from the "No" Campaign react to a declaration in their favour, at the Better Together Campaign headquarters in Glasgow, Scotland, on September 19, 2014. Scotland has voted on whether to stay within the United Kingdom or end the 307-year-old union in a finely balanced independence referendum with global consequences. Photo: Reuters
Edinburgh, Sept 19:  
Scottish voters have rejected independence, results showed on Friday.
Results showed support for the union had now exceeded 50 per cent of the turnout, meaning that secessionists could not win the vote.
Wider constitutional reform
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg on Friday said that he wanted the coalition government to deliver new powers to Scotland, saying Scots' rejection of independence was a signal for wider constitutional reform across all of Britain.
"I'm absolutely delighted the Scottish people have taken this momentous decision to safeguard our family of nations for future generations," Clegg said in a statement.
"We must now deliver on time and in full the radical package of newly devolved powers to Scotland. This referendum marks not only a new chapter for Scotland within the UK but also wider constitutional reform across the Union."
Salmond accepts defeat
Scottish nationalist leader Alex Salmond conceded defeat on Friday over his bid to win independence and demanded the British Government rapidly meet its promise of more powers for Edinburgh.
"Scotland has by a majority decided not at this stage to become an independent country. I accept that verdict of the people," Salmond told independence supporters in the Scottish capital.
Leaders of Britain's three main parties, shocked by the strong showing of the independence campaign in recent weeks, scrambled to offer Scots more devolved powers if they remained part of the United Kingdom.
"Scotland will expect these to be honoured in rapid course," Salmond said.
BoE makes no statement
The Bank of England will make no statement statement after Scottish voters decided to remain part of the United Kingdom in a independence referendum, a spokesman for the bank said on Friday.
BoE Governor Mark Carney said before the vote that the bank had contingency plans in the event of a 'yes' vote.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Scotland referendum: In historic vote  Scots spurn independence  choose to stay in the UKE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Government keen to cut diesel prices by Rs 0.40-0.50/LLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Government keen to cut diesel prices by Rs 0.40-0.50/L
Sources suggest oil ministry seeks law minister's views on cutting diesel prices. Nayantara Rai joins us with more details.
Post your opinion here

ISIL must be defeated  says John KerryPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 18, 2014 11:19 am
Asserting that the US has a full-fledged policy against the Islamic State which has seized hundreds of square miles in Iraq and Syria, Secretary of State John Kerry has said that the terrorist group must be defeated.
“ISIL must be defeated, period, end of story. And collectively, we are all going to be measured by how we carry out this mission,” Kerry told lawmakers during a Congressional hearing on the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria or ISIL.
The hearing was interrupted by anti-war protestors inside the Congressional hearing.
Responding to questions, Kerry said the US cannot achieve this goal alone. “The United States will not go it alone. That has been a fundamental principle in which President (Barack) Obama has sought to organise this effort. And that is why we are building a coalition, a global coalition,” he said.
“There are more than 50 countries that already have agreed or are now doing something. Not every country will decide that their role is to have some kind of military engagement. But every country can do something,” he added.
The globe tottering Kerry said that as he traveled around the region and Europe in the last days, the question that foreign leaders were asking him was not whether they should join the coalition, but how they can help.
“We’re also, and I emphasize this, we’re not starting from scratch. This is an effort that we have been building over time, both on our own and with the help of our international partners,” he said.
“Even before President Obama delivered his speech last week, nearly 40 countries had joined in contributing to the effort to strengthen the capacity of Iraq, to be able to strengthen its military, to train, to provide humanitarian assistance. We’ve been focused on ISIL since its inception as the successor to al-Qaeda of Iraq in 2013,” he said.
“At its core, our strategy is centered on a global coalition that will collaborate closely across a number of specific areas, including direct and indirect military support. Military assistance can come in a range of forms from training and equipping to logistics and airlift, and countries from inside and outside of our region are already, right now, providing that support in these venues,” he said.
Noting that this is neither a Gulf War in 1991, nor the Iraq war of 2003, Kerry said US ground troops will not be sent into combat in this conflict.
“From the last decade, we know that a sustainable strategy is not US ground forces; it is enabling local forces to do what they have continued…
The threat, obviously, right now is more immediate to the Middle East and to Europe, but we have Americans over there fighting with passports.

Xi Jinping s visit aims at better trade  investmentChina President Xi's India Visit
(Modi offered him a guided…)
AHMEDABAD: Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcomed Chinese President Xi Jinping into hometurf Ahmedabad the day he turned 65, offered him a guided tour of Mahatma Gandhi's ashram, and later sat down for dinner at the verdant Sabarmati riverfront, the Chinese leader wearing a white khadi jacket that Modi had gifted him hours earlier.
Ardent China watchers trying to read the body language of the two hoped the new-found bonhomie between the two leaders of the world's most populous nations would translate into tangible results when they sit down for hard-nosed bilateral talks in New Delhi on Thursday.
But on Wednesday, it was all handshakes, smiles, sight-seeing and a detailed dinner, except for a brief 15 minutes of business when China and Gujarat signed three Memorandums of Understanding. Vastrapur in western Ahmedabad was the hotbed of activity on Wednesday as Modi's cavalcade drove into Hyatt at 3.10 pm, around half an hour before the Chinese delegation reached. Modi, playing the perfect host, was seen waiting the entrance minutes before Jinping and wife Peng Liyuan arrived.
Vastrapur, which also houses the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, had been sanitised and the Hyatt was closed for public. Even upscale retail destination AlphaOne remained closed to customers during the day. Soon the two emerged in half-sleeved jackets, Jinping wearing the white khadi one gifted to him by Modi. The PM left early for the Sabarmati Ashram from where Mahatma Gandhi had launched the Salt Satyagraha. A little while later, the guest of the day arrived and Modi took him around for a guided tour, and the two were seen conversing intently, at times, even without the help of the official interpreters.
Modi, once again left for Riverfront Park just across the river and welcomed the Chinese President and wife where cultural programmes were organised along with dinner for the entire delegation at a luxury tent.
Earlier in the day, Modi visited his mother Hiraba at the house of his younger brother Pankaj Modi at Gandhinagar, an annual birthday ritual for him. While he spent around 15 minutes with the family, his mother fed him laddos and gifted him Rs 5,001, which will be donated to the Prime Minister's relief fund for the flood victims of Jammu and Kashmir. The leaders returned to Delhi later in the day.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi raises issue of incursions with visiting Chinese Prez Xi JinpingYou are here: Home > Collections
PM Narendra Modi raises issue of incursions with visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 10.10AM IST
Tags:
Chinese President
(Modi, who hosted a private…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping today held talks during which the Indian side conveyed its concerns over Chinese incursions as the two sides discussed all "substantive issues" having bearing on bilateral ties.
Modi and Xi held talks in restricted format and then in delegation level during which the two leaders also focused on cooperation in key areas of trade and investment.
Modi, who hosted a private dinner for Xi in Ahmedabad after his arrival there yesterday, raised the issue of Chinese incursions last night as well as today, official sources said.
The issue assumes significance in the backdrop of incursions by the Chinese side in Chumar area of Jammu and Kashmir.
The Chinese Army pushed in more troops into Chumar village along the Line of Actual Control in the wee hours today.
The Chinese side had pushed in more troops yesterday morning as well, the sources said, adding the number of People's Liberation Army personnel stood at nearly 500 with an equal matcher from the Indian side as well.
Chumar, located more than 300 kms Northeast of Leh and bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a flash point between the two sides with the Chinese side making several attempts to end India's dominance in the area.
The stand-off in Demchok where Chinese nomads -- Rebos -- had pitched their tents is continuing. The incursion in this area is nearly 500 metres deep into Indian territory.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xi Jinping s India visit: India to keep a tab on Chinas defence movesBeijing
NEW DELHI: Wary of China's designs and growing presence in its neighbourhood, particularly in Sri Lanka and Maldives, India is keeping a close watch on whether any of the infrastructure projects announced during President Xi Jinping's trips there would be used, or converted by Beijing , for military purposes.
These initiatives, in India's backyard, will contribute in reviving the ancient maritime silk route planned by Xi from China's Fujian province. Maldives has already committed to joining the maritime silk route initiative -- expected to further Beijing's economic and strategic interests --- during Xi's trip to Male on Monday-Tuesday. China has committed to build roads, bridges and expand airport in Maldives.
While these projects are civilian in nature so far, Delhi is keeping close tabs on whether they could be converted or used for military purposes in future, official sources told ET. Interestingly, Pakistan is one of the key recipients of arms and missiles from PLA.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LT gains 3%  wins order for building Adam airbase in OmanSep 18, 2014, 01.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
L&T gains 3%, wins order for building Adam airbase in Oman
The buildings and factories business of L&T Oman LLC, a subsidiary of L&T, has won a order from the Ministry of Defense, Sultanate of Oman against stiff international competition for the construction of Adam airbase in Al Dakhiliya Governorate, said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
L&T gains 3%, wins order for building Adam airbase in Oman
The buildings and factories business of L&T Oman LLC, a subsidiary of L&T, has won a order from the Ministry of Defense, Sultanate of Oman against stiff international competition for the construction of Adam airbase in Al Dakhiliya Governorate, said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Not only the positive market sentiment is driving shares of  Larsen and Toubro (L&T) but also the new order won in Oman. The stock gained as much as 2.85 percent after Oman subsidiary bagged order for building Adam airbase.
The buildings and factories business of L&T Oman LLC, a subsidiary of L&T, has won a order from the Ministry of Defense, Sultanate of Oman against stiff international competition for the construction of Adam airbase in Al Dakhiliya Governorate, said the company in its filing.
This is the fifth order received by L&T group in September. Excluding today's order, the group has bagged nearly Rs 11,000 crore worth of contract in the current month.
On the Oman order, SN Subrahmanyan, senior EVP (infrastructure and construction) said, "We have been gradually establishing our credentials in the Middle East and, especially in Oman, as a construction organisation of calibre with the successful execution of many prestigious projects including the Salalah International Airport."
At 13:17 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,560.35, up Rs 39.70, or 2.61 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

UK Muslims appeal to ISIS seeking release of British hostagePress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:41 pm
Over 100 Muslim clerics, groups and individuals in the UK have made a united appeal to the Islamic State terror group to show mercy and release a British hostage under their captivity.
In a letter published in ‘The Independent’ newspaper, they have called on the extremists to show mercy to the 47-year-old aid worker Alan Henning from Salford in England.
The letter cites verses from the Quran against killing, and appeals to the kidnappers to release Henning immediately.
“British Muslim communities have done a great deal to speak out over the evils of terrorism over many years. We will continue to do everything within our power to prevent any other young man or woman getting caught up in this poisonous ideology,” the letter reads.
More than 100 British Muslim imams, organisations and individuals have added their name to the open letter to express their “horror and revulsion” at the “senseless murder” of Briton David Haines and the threat to the life of Henning.
Dr Shuja Shafi of the Muslim Council of Britain, one of the signatories, said: “Such a man should be celebrated, not incarcerated. Taking such people hostage, and murdering them, are against the principles laid out in the Quran and our Prophetic traditions.”
Henning, a taxi driver, was kidnapped within 30 minutes of crossing from Turkey into Syria. He had volunteered to drive an ambulance full of medical aid as part of a community-funded charity trip organised by volunteers from Bolton, England, and the UK Arab Society.
It is believed he was abducted by the Islamic State (IS) in Al Dana, a town 38km from Aleppo.
Reports suggest he was separated from Muslim counterparts by masked men. Friends who travelled with him said they made desperate attempts to get him freed before returning to the UK.
Video footage of Henning, filmed before he was captured in Syria, has shown him describing his trips to the country.
He said: “It’s all worthwhile when you see what is needed, as you get where it needs to go. That makes it all worthwhile.”
Henning had appeared at the end of the video released on Saturday in which Haines was beheaded by IS.

Kings XI Punjab open with dominant victoryKings XI Punjab open with dominant victory
Champions League Twenty20 — All-around Kings XI Punjab beat Hobart Hurricanes by five wickets.
By The Report by Karthik Krishnaswamy | ESPNcricinfo –  Thu 18 Sep, 2014 10:49 PM IST
0
George Bailey plays a shot in Mohali. Photo by: Ron Gaunt / Sportzpics/ CLT20
Kings XI Punjab 146 for 5 (Maxwell 43, Perera 35*, Bailey 34*) beat Hobart Hurricanes 144 for 6 (Birt 28, Wells 28, Perera 2-17) by five wickets
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
The loss of Mitchell Johnson to a rib injury had left Kings XI Punjab's bowling looking a little suspect ahead of their Champions T20 opener, but it proved a bit of a blessing in disguise for them, with his replacement playing a crucial hand in an five-wicket win over Hobart Hurricanes.
With the four-foreigner limit leaving no room for him in Kings XI's star-studded line-up, Thisara Perera didn't play a single game for them during their 2014 IPL campaign. With Johnson's absence giving him an opportunity, Perera grabbed it, taking two wickets in a three-over spell in which he conceded less than a run a ball before coming in to bat in a thorny situation and scoring an unbeaten 20-ball 35 that steered Kings XI to a win with 14 balls remaining.
The margin of victory looked fairly wide in the end, but it could have gone either way when Kings XI were 51 for 4 in the eighth over, chasing 147. This, though, was where the quality and depth of their batting came to the fore, with Glenn Maxwell playing strokes that belied a two-paced pitch on his way to a 25-ball 43 and George Bailey showing a cool head that his Big Bash League franchise could have done with during their innings, in putting on an unbroken 69 with Perera.
During the IPL, Kings XI had won six out of seven matches batting second, and had chased three 190-plus targets successfully. But on a greenish Mohali pitch where the back-of-a-length ball behaved a touch unpredictably - moving sideways when new, stopping on the batsmen later on, and often bouncing more than expected - their top order were quickly in trouble. Virender Sehwag 's first-ball dismissal owed more to his impetuosity than to the conditions, but Wriddhiman Saha , David Miller and Manan Vohra were all discomfited by the extra bounce, and ended up skying catches to mid-on or mid-off while going hard at length balls.
Under these circumstances, Maxwell's innings showcased his rare talent, as he somehow found ways to slap the seamers inside-out or loft them back over their heads, while also playing one of his trademark reverse-sweeps against the legspinner Cameron Boyce.
It was an over from Boyce that reversed the momentum of the game back towards Kings XI, immediately after Maxwell had edged Evan Gulbis to the keeper. Perera found the third-man boundary via a streaky edge before hitting Boyce back over his head for six. Bailey then found the gap between deep midwicket and long-on when Boyce dropped his last ball short - 18 came off that over, and it left Kings XI needing 50 off 48.
Bailey and Perera kept their heads, attacked the loose balls - which for Perera was mostly whatever he could swing over the arc between midwicket and long-on - and the win, when it was achieved, came with time and wickets to spare, Bailey clouting Gulbis for successive fours in the 18th over.
Hurricanes' innings, after they had been sent in to bat, lacked a sustained period when the batsmen were on top of the bowlers. Ben Dunk and Aiden Blizzard , the two left-handers in their top three, struggled for timing early on and got themselves out just as they were beginning to look comfortable. Perera dismissed both of them, and both times the extra bounce caused them to mishit length or back-of-a-length balls, to deep and short cover respectively.
At 78 for 4 in the 13th over, Hurricanes seemed to be going nowhere when Jonathan Wells joined Travis Birt . They proceeded to add 52, with the left-handed Birt flourishing while hitting the legspinner Karanveer Singh with the spin and the right-handed Wells cutting and driving fluently through the off side. Just when the partnership was threatening to take Hurricanes to a biggish total, however, Wells ran himself out, and Kings XI tightened the screws once again, conceding only 14 runs off the last 14 balls of the innings.
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

U.K. faces expensive rebranding jobU.K.'s expensive rebranding job if Scotland breaks away
By Alanna Petroff   @AlannaPetroff September 18, 2014: 6:08 AM ET
The clock is ticking. Scotland will decide on September 18 whether to split from the United Kingdom.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
It could be the ultimate rebranding effort and cost hundreds of millions of pounds.
If Scotland votes Thursday to break away from the United Kingdom, its remaining nations -- England, Wales and Northern Ireland -- will face many big decisions.
One of those will be what to call the smaller group, and a debate has already begun over whether the Union flag should be altered to remove Scotland's blue.
Here are four things that could change, and one that won't:
The Union Jack: A survey by the Flag Institute showed 65% of respondents hope the iconic British flag is changed if Scotland opts out.
This could be expensive for businesses and organizations that incorporate the design into their logos.
But picking a new flag needn't be too pricey, suggests brand psychologist Jonathan Gabay.
"I would save the cost of the logo redesign by opening [up a contest] to British art students," he said. That may cost as little as £2 million ($3.3 million).
And replacing flags across the nation wouldn't break the bank either.
"It would be in the millions, rather than the billions," said Charles Ashburner, head of the Flag Institute.
People across the nation are suggesting alternative designs for the Union flag.
Souvenirs: The souvenir industry that sells cheap Union Jack pens and teddy bears to tourists could actually get a boost if Scotland leaves the U.K.
Joshua Bamfield, director of the U.K. Centre for Retail Research, predicts that if the Union Jack got a makeover, people would clamor for rebranded souvenir items. He estimates the industry sells roughly £200 million in knick-knacks each year.
Could these souvenirs become valuable antiques?
Passports: Her Majesty's Passport Office refused to speculate on whether Brits will need redesigned travel documents if Scotland breaks away.
However, at a cost of £72.50 ($118) each, the bill for changing passports for all 59 million British citizens outside of Scotland could be £4.2 billion ($6.9 billion).
Meanwhile, Scottish citizens may have to pay even more for new passports if they want to remain part of the European Union . The EU says all passports must include special fingerprint technology. The U.K. negotiated an opt-out from that rule.
Government: Official departments across the nation could face major rebranding costs if Scotland breaks away and the "U.K." acronym falls into disuse.
New signage, stationary, websites and promotional material could be required -- and taxpayers will likely foot the bill.
For example, the U.K. border agency may want new badges and uniforms for its thousands of staff.
And brand psychologist Gabay estimates that U.K. companies forced into a name change or brand overhaul will likely have to shell out at least £250,000 each.
National anthem: No need for any change here! The traditional "God save the Queen" anthem doesn't mention Scotland in the verse most commonly used across the country.
And the line that mentions crushing "rebellious Scots" hasn't been sung for many generations.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 12:24 PM ET
Most Popular

Insurance through employer often most affordable optionInsurance through employer often most affordable option
By Carolyn Bigda
Health Insurance Healthcare Providers
Finding health insurance through your job can be the cheapest way to get coverage.
Getting health insurance through your job is often the cheapest way to get coverage, and a new study shows you're not paying much-higher costs this year to buy that insurance.
According to the Kaiser Family Foundation and the Health Research & Educational Trust, which recently published their latest annual report on employer health benefits, the average premium, or fee, for single-worker coverage climbed by only 2 percent in 2014. For family policies, the increase was 3 percent.
A decade ago, premiums were rising by an average of 10 percent or more annually.
But premiums are only part of the cost of care, and if you're a young worker on a starting salary, knowing all your options may help minimize your health care expenses.
Mind the deductible. Employers often pay the majority of premium costs, on average 82 percent for single-worker policies and 71 percent for family policies.
But before your insurance kicks in, you may first have to meet a deductible, which is a health care service you pay for before an insurer starts to cover claims. And those deductibles have been rising.
0
This year, the average deductible for a single worker is $1,217, up 7.2 percent from 2013.
"Employer deductibles are getting into the stratosphere now," said Karen Pollitz, a senior fellow at the Kaiser Family Foundation.
Even after you've met your deductible, you may still owe copayments or co-insurance for any health care you use. Copayments are fixed dollar amounts, usually $15 and up for, say, a visit to a doctor, while co-insurance is a percentage of costs, say, 10 to 30 percent.
So, look for ways to reduce those fees.
When picking doctors, for example, choose ones who are in your plan's network, Pollitz said. "In-network" hospitals and doctors tend to have lower copays and co-insurance than providers who are out of network.
You also may be able to cut expenses by participating in wellness programs offered at work, such as a health risk assessment, which tries to identify potential health issues, or a gym membership.
Among firms that offer health insurance, 36 percent with 200 or more employees and 18 percent of smaller businesses offer a financial reward for doing so, such as lowering your deductible.
Combine costs. The vast majority of employers provide family policies that cover spouses and dependents. Thirty-nine percent also offer insurance for domestic partners of the opposite sex, as well as for same-sex partners.
As such, if you're married or have a domestic partner, check to see whether it's cheaper to double up on one plan.
Some employers try to discourage it. Among those that cover dependents, 5 percent will increase cost-sharing and 9 percent will restrict eligibility to enroll if a spouse or partner can get insurance through their own job.
Also consider which doctors or hospitals are in network. Compare copay and co-insurance fees, as well as deductibles. "Look at the big picture, not just the monthly premium," Pollitz said.
The same applies for joining a parent's plan. The health care overhaul law made it possible for adult children younger than 26 to remain on a parent's health plan. You can do so if you're married, financially independent or live away from home. And beginning this year, you can stay on Mom and Dad's policy even if you qualify for insurance through your own job.

Oracle s colourful co-founder Larry Ellison steps aside as CEO26
2
San Francisco: Oracle co-founder Larry Ellison is stepping aside as CEO after 37 years at the helm of the business software maker, ending a colourful reign marked by his flamboyant behaviour and outlandish wealth amassed while building one of the world's best-known technology companies.
With the changing of the guard announced on Thursday, Ellison will be handing over his job to his two top lieutenants, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd, who become co-CEOs.
Ellison, 70, intends to still play an influential role at Oracle. He is taking over as Oracle's executive chairman, replacing Jeff Henley in the position, and will oversee the engineering departments as chief technology officer. What's more, Ellison remains Oracle's biggest shareholder with a 25 per cent stake in the Redwood Shores, California, company that accounts for most of his $51 billion fortune.
Ellison will be handing over his job to his two top lieutenants, Safra Catz and Mark Hurd, who become co-CEOs.
#oracle #larry ellison #ceo resignations
Catz, Oracle's chief financial officer until Thursday, will be responsible for manufacturing, legal and finance, while Hurd will supervise sales and all services. Both of them will report to Oracle's board instead of Ellison. Oracle isn't hiring a CFO to replace Catz.
"I am going to continue to do what I have been doing the past several years and they are going to continue doing what they have been doing the past several years," Ellison told analysts during a Thursday conference call.
Given that Catz and Hurd are already handling many of the same duties as Oracle's co-presidents, the new pecking order may not seem like much of a change, especially among investors who worried about the company's sluggish growth in recent years.
Oracle's stock slipped 86 cents, or 2 per cent, to $40.69 in Thursday's extended trading following the company's announcement. The downturn may have had more to do with Wall Street's disappointment with Oracle's fiscal first-quarter earnings, which were also announced late Thursday and missed analyst targets, than with the reshuffling of management duties.
The shake-up comes at a critical point in Oracle's history. It is trying to adapt to the technological upheaval that is causing more of its corporate customers to lease software applications stored in remote data centers instead of paying licensing fees to install programs on machines kept in their own offices. The shift to Internet-connected software has become known as "cloud computing."
"While there was some speculation Larry could step down, the timing is a bit of a head scratcher in our opinion and the Street will have many questions," said FBR Capital Markets analyst Daniel Ives.
Although Ellison has steadfastly insisted that Oracle is well positioned to sell more cloud computing services, smaller rivals such as Salesforce.com and Workday have been growing at a much faster clip. Both Salesforce, started by former Oracle executive Marc Benioff, and Workday, founded by longtime Oracle nemesis David Duffield, were created explicitly as cloud computing specialists.
In a post on his Twitter account, Benioff cast doubt about whether Ellison is really relinquishing any control. "There always has been, and always will be, one CEO at Oracle," Benioff tweeted.
Since he co-founded Oracle with $1,200 of his own money in 1977, Ellison has become has well known for his antics away from the office as his accomplishments as the company's CEO.
Through the years, Ellison has driven fancy cars, flown his own jet, raced yachts, wooed beautiful women and owned ornate homes in San Francisco, Malibu and an exclusive Silicon Valley neighbourhood, where he spent $170 million on a 45-acre compound designed to remind him of Japan and the samurai warriors that he admires. In 2012, he bought his own Hawaiian island by acquiring 98 per cent of Lanai.
Last year, Ellison staged the boating race for America's Cup in the San Francisco Bay, where a team of professional sailors that he personally financed won the trophy for the second straight time.
Ellison, a close friend of late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, has always relished his status as the richest person in the nation's high-tech heartland, where free-flowing stock options sometimes turned receptionists and cafeteria workers into millionaires. Money is "a method of keeping score," Ellison once told an interviewer.
Catz, 52, is a former investment banker who joined Oracle in 1999. Hurd, 57, has been with Oracle for four years, but is best known the former CEO of Hewlett-Packard.
Hurd stepped down from HP in 2010 after that company's board raised questions about his expense reports and his relationship with a company contractor.
Ellison ridiculed HP for its treatment of Hurd, a close friend, and hired him at Oracle.
"Safra and Mark are doing a spectacular job and deserve the recognition of their new titles," Ellison told analysts Thursday.
3

Dow  SP 500 at records as Fed-driven rally continuesSep 19, 2014, 07.50 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Dow, S&P 500 at records as Fed-driven rally continues
US equity markets have rallied for three consecutive sessions as the Fed's stance eased investor worries the central bank was ready to pivot away from its years-long policy of holding rates at rock bottom levels, which stimulated demand for risk assets like stocks.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dow, S&P 500 at records as Fed-driven rally continues
US equity markets have rallied for three consecutive sessions as the Fed's stance eased investor worries the central bank was ready to pivot away from its years-long policy of holding rates at rock bottom levels, which stimulated demand for risk assets like stocks.
Post your opinion here
 
US stocks rose on Thursday, a day after the US Federal Reserve kept intact its pledge to keep interest rates low, providing a backstop for investors that helped lift both the Dow and S&P to record highs.
The Fed said Wednesday at the conclusion of a two-day policy meeting it would keep interest rates near zero for a "considerable time," language supportive of equities which some had expected to be dropped from the statement.
The central bank's outlook on Wednesday included forecasts for higher-than-expected rates in 2015 and 2016, which helped financial stocks rise 1.1 percent, leading the day's gains on Wall Street. Goldman Sachs rose 1.7 percent to USD 187.89, the biggest boost to the Dow.
US equity markets have rallied for three consecutive sessions as the Fed's stance eased investor worries the central bank was ready to pivot away from its years-long policy of holding rates at rock bottom levels, which stimulated demand for risk assets like stocks.
That support has lifted the benchmark S&P 500 to 34 records in 2014, and has helped markets sidestep a 10-percent "correction" for almost three years, even while individual market sectors have seen multiple pullbacks.
The climb to repeated record highs has coincided with steadily improving economic data, while the Fed's support has allowed investors to shrug off occasional weak numbers, like the August payrolls report. At the same time, low Treasury interest rates have pushed yield-hungry investors into equities.
US housing starts and permits fell in August, but upward revisions to the prior month's data indicated gradual improvement in the housing market. A sharp drop in the number of Americans filing new claims for unemployment benefits last week suggested the slowdown in job growth last month was probably an anomaly.
"Things are starting to get a little better for the banks in general and that really does help the financials," said Patty Edwards, managing director for investments at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Seattle.
"You are seeing low growth starting to improve some, you are starting to see all the things that would turn in an economy."
The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 109.14 points, or 0.64 percent, to 17,265.99, the S&P 500 added 9.79 points, or 0.49 percent, to 2,011.36, and the Nasdaq Composite gained 31.24 points, or 0.68 percent, to 4,593.43.
After the closing bell, Oracle Corp shares fell 2.2 percent to USD 40.64. The business software maker reported quarterly results and said long-time chief executive Larry Ellison will become executive chairman and chief technology officer, with executives Safra Catz and Mark Hurd taking over the CEO role.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,845 to 1,200, for a 1.54-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,622 issues rose and 1,083 fell for a 1.50-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The S&P 500 posted 56 new 52-week highs and 8 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite had 85 new highs and 64 new lows.
Volume was active, with about 5.88 billion shares traded on US exchanges, slightly above the 5.69 billion average so far this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
RELATED NEWS

iPhone 6 Plus includes chips from Qualcomm  ...Apple said it received a record 4 million first-day pre-orders for the new phones, double the number for the iPhone 5 two years ago.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO: Apple's iPhone 6 Plus uses chips from Qualcomm, Skyworks Solutions , Avago Technologies and other companies, according to gadget repair firm iFixit, which pried one of the devices open in Melbourne early on Friday.
Apple said it received a record 4 million first-day pre-orders for the new phones, double the number for the iPhone 5 two years ago, underscoring investors' expectations the new handset will maintain the Silicon Valley company's stellar growth.
The company is releasing a 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers worldwide, with sales launching in Australia on Friday morning and then in the United States and other countries.
Like previous iPhones, the iPhone 6 Plus uses a Qualcomm 4G LTE modem, according to iFixit.
Dissembling the device in a Mac repair shop after lining up overnight to buy a phone, iFixit technicians also discovered a Murata wifi module, a Broadcom touchscreen controller, and chips from Skyworks, Avago and TriQuint .
News that a supplier has been chosen - or rejected - for one of Apple's products can sometimes cause drastic swings in stock prices. Apple doesn't disclose which companies make the components that go into its smartphones. It also imposes strict rules forbidding its suppliers from discussing Apple-related business with investors and the media.
Shares of GT Advanced Technologies Inc, a mineral crystal specialist, slumped 13 percent on Sept 9 after some investors were surprised the US company's scratch-resistent sapphire glass was not being used on the new iPhones.
The phones launched on Friday are Apple's first to include NFC radio chips used for the new Apple Pay mobile payment platform. The NFC chip in the iPhone 6 Plus comes from NXP Semiconductors, according to iFixit, in line with most investors' expectations.
NXP also supplies a motion co-processor, key to making the iPhone's sensors work without draining its battery, iFixit said.
As in other iPhones, Apple has designed its own main processor with technology licensed from ARM Holdings and in this device it is the A8 chip.
The iPhone 6 Plus opened by iFixit also included a NAND flash memory chip, used for storing music and photos, made by SK Hynix. Apple in the past has depended on multiple companies to supply its memory chips.
Raymond James analysts expects sales of iPhone 6 and larger iPhone 6 Plus to top 9 million in the first weekend.
As well as Apple's stores, AT&T Inc, Sprint Corp , T-Mobile US Inc and Verizon Wireless in the United States will start selling the phones on Friday.

Alibaba Poised to Surge on the NYSEAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Review: Larger iPhones Eliminate Reason to SwitchAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Watch: Promo of World Exclusive interview with PM ModiAnand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

J&K floods: Two weeks on  water refuses to recede in some areas9
0
Srinagar: It has been two weeks since floods triggered by heavy rains wreaked havoc in Jammu and Kashmir and still many houses in Srinagar's upscale Jawahar Nagar are marooned in nearly 12 feet of water.
Concrete houses have been submerged in 10 feet of water for over 10 days. Once the poshest locality of Srinagar, Jawahar Nagar is now barely keeping afloat. As one travels on a shikara in alleys where cars once buzzed past, there is an eerie silence, broken only by the makeshift oars wading through the water.
Local volunteers in small rubber boats help others who stayed behind. Maggi, biscuits and water is a luxury to those marooned in their flooded homes.
#jammu and kashmir floods #floods #jammu #kashmir
Moti Singh lost his house and his four cars. He waited in neck deep water for 30 hours before the Army came in to rescue him. "We held on to high tension wires and sat. God saved us," he said.
"I have two kids and somehow saved them, some how. No help in the beginning. We are using these to navigate," said another resident Hamid-ul-Hasan Raina.
50-year-old Mushtaq Khan uses the now defunct tension wires to steer the boat. He can barely recognize his neighbourhood. "We had expected the water to rise by 4-5 feet but it went up to 17 feet," he recounts.
Jawahar Nagar will remain the way it is for a while and the real hardship begins once the water recedes.
1

Indiabulls Power surges; Motilal Oswal says 75 pct upsideIndiabulls Power surges; Motilal Oswal says 75 pct upside
Sensex up a 100 pts: top 17 stocks in focus; here s what experts sayYou are here: Home > Collections
Seventeen stocks in focus in Friday morning trade
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 11.11AM IST
Tags:
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex continued its up streak after a positive start led by gains in pharma, power and auto on the back of positive cues from Asian markets.
At 11:02 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,243.01, up 130.80 points.
The Nifty was at 8,159.50, up 44.75 points
The sudden recovery in the benchmarks positively surprised the participants on Thursday as it erased the loss of last three sessions. The US Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates near zero for a considerable time; triggered the initial positivity.
"After steep recovery, it is likely that index would witness pause on Friday; however, stock specific move will keep the traders busy," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"It is crucial to maintain extra caution in stock selection and keep check on position sizing as we have been witnessing volatile moves," he added.
Manglik is of the view that one can choose counters from banking, IT and liquid midcap space for fresh buying in the next session"
Here is a list of seventeen stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Tata Group Companies: Moody's Investors Service has upgraded the ratings of several Tata Group companies to reflect our expectation of parental and systemic support in the case of need, which has been exhibited both in the form of extraordinary financial support from Tata Sons Ltd. (unrated), the ultimate parent, and ongoing support through their close association with the Tata brand.
Bharti Airtel Ltd: Telecom major Bharti Airtel may have to cough up Rs 436 crore for merging Airtel Broadband Services with itself towards differential spectrum cost and migration fee, DoT sources said.
Tech Mahindra Ltd: Tech Mahindra said it will work with Bosch Software Innovations to develop an ecosystem to offer solutions for smart cities with billions of things inter-connected via the Internet.
Maruti Suzuki India Ltd: Country's largest carmaker Maruti Suzuki India appointed R S Kalsi as head of domestic marketing and sales following the resignation of Mayank Pareek from the company.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Reliance Jio Infocomm has signed a tower-sharing deal with GTL Infrastructure Ltd. (GTL), which will help the telecom unit of Reliance Industries roll out its much-awaited high speed data and voice services faster and at a lower cost across India.
ICICI Bank Ltd: Export-Import Bank of China (China Exim Bank) and China Development Bank Corporation (CDB) today signed various agreements with SBI, ICICI BankBSE and Axis Bank to facilitate trade between the two countries.
L&T Ltd: Larsen & Toubro's overseas subsidiary L&T Oman LLC has bagged a contract from the Sultanate of Oman for construction of the Adam Airbase in Al Dakhiliya Governorate, the company said today.
Infosys: The IT major has announced new partnerships with Microsoft, Hitachi Data Systems and Huawei to deepen its product offerings in new disruptive areas, including cloud and big data analytics, communication, infrastructure and data centre transformation segments.
M&M Ltd: E-commerce firm Snapdeal on Thursday started accepting prebookings for the new variant of Mahindra & Mahindra's (M&M) mainstay SUV Scorpio, making it the first time automobile bookings have debuted on a third-party electronic marketplace in India and marking another maturity milestone for the country's fledgling e-retail sector.
Ranbaxy, Cipla: Ranbaxy Labs and Cipla are among the companies which would face the maximum brunt of the new price cuts announced by National Pharma Pricing Authority (NPPA) early this week.
GMR Infrastructure Ltd: Nepal's centre-left cabinet on Thursday cleared the way for an Indian firm to build a $1.4 billion hydroelectric plant in the northwest of the country, a cabinet minister said, the Himalayan republic's biggest foreign investment scheme.
ITC: The ingredients are all there in this sacred space: a big consumer market that no large company has managed to dominate, the ongoing festive season, daily rituals to please the gods, and social media savvy youngsters as potential customers.
Bajaj Electricals Ltd: The company is expecting good business across segments - consumer durables, engineering and lighting - in the current fiscal that could see its total turnover reach Rs 4,800 crore, a growth of 20 per cent.
NMDC: The country's biggest iron ore producer which had acquired an additional 30 per cent stake in Australian firm Legacy Iron Ore, today said it will commence mining there in a year or two.
United Spirits & ZEE Entertainment: United Spirits will be replaced by Zee Entertainment Enterprises in the National Stock Exchange's benchmark index Nifty from Friday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scots say  no ; UK markets breathe sigh of reliefBritish markets breathe sigh of relief as Scotland votes "No"
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 10.47AM IST
British stocks were set to open higher on Friday while previously inflated bets on high volatility in the currency market over the next week fell away as the "No" camp looked set for victory in Scotland's independence referendum.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: British stocks were set to open higher on Friday while previously inflated bets on high volatility in the currency market over the next week fell away as the "No" camp looked set for victory in Scotland's independence referendum.
The deputy leader of the pro-independence Scottish National Party , Nicola Sturgeon, effectively conceded defeat in the vote after the bulk of results had leant towards "No".
Sterling , already pushed up on Thursday by speculation on markets that Alex Salmond's nationalists had fallen short of the majority needed to break up their union with England, gained another half per cent to as high as $1.6525.
London blue chip futures pointed to a 1.2 per cent rise when markets open later on Friday, while the cost of insuring against big swings in Britain's pound over the next week sank to 7.087 per cent from a close on Thursday of 11.8 per cent.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Scotland voters reject independenceResults of Scotland independence referendum: 'No' campaign victorious
By Euan McKirdy, Laura Smith-Spark and Nic Robertson, CNN
September 19, 2014 -- Updated 0550 GMT (1350 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
NEW: Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom
"No" camp wins majority of councils already declared
With majority of councils reporting, "No" lead unlikely to be overturned
The referendum will decide if Scotland remains part of the United Kingdom
Glasgow, Scotland (CNN) -- [Breaking news alert, 6:23 a.m. GMT (01:23 a.m. ET)]
Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom -- along with England, Wales and Northern Ireland -- following a historic referendum vote. A majority of voters rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away and becoming an independent nation.
With 31 of 32 councils declared, the "No" campaign has won the referendum on Scottish independence.
Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond admitted defeat in Scotland's independence referendum Friday -- and urged the rest of Scotland to do the same.
In a televised statement, he thanked Scotland "for 1.6 million votes for Scottish independence."A turnout of 86% is one of the highest in the democratic world for any such vote, he said.
[Original story published at 12.37 p.m. ET]
Voters in Scotland made their choice Thursday -- remain part of the United Kingdom, or form their own independent nation. They chose to remain.
With 31 of 32 of councils reporting, the "No" campaign had garnered enough votes to secure their victory, and with it Scotland's continued place within the union.
The first councils to declare all went to the "No" campaign, as did the capital, Edinburgh, which voted overwhelmingly to stay in the union with 123,927 for "Yes" and 194,628 "No" votes. Argyll and Bute and Aberdeenshire also voted "No."
Glasgow delivered a solid win for the independence camp with 194,779 votes for "Yes," and 169,347 for "No," but lead was not big enough to overturn the "No" camp's overall majority so far, which maintains a 8% (54% to 46%) lead over pro-independence camp.
The majority of the early results have been going the anti-independence camp's way. The "No" campaign extended lead with Angus and East Dunbartonshire council results, alongside a landslide in Dumfries and Galloway. The oil-rich city of Aberdeen also strongly voted for the unionist camp.
The city of Dundee was the first big gain for the independence campaign, voting "Yes" with 53,620 votes for, 39,880 against.
The individual counts by local authorities are ultimately immaterial as it is the total number of votes countrywide that will determine the outcome.
Polls at more than 5,500 stations across all districts, from the remote highlands and islands to the big cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow, closed at 10 p.m. local time (5 p.m. ET). People still in line to vote at that time were allowed to cast ballots.
High turnout
The first districts to report turnout reported high participation -- well over 80% in most cases -- Mary Pitcaithly, chief counting officer, announced in Edinburgh.
Turnout in Glasgow, one of the Yes campaign's heartlands, was a relatively disappointing 75%.
More than 4.2 million people registered to vote on the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?"
Decision day for Scotland
Expert: 'Yes' would humiliate Cameron
Scotland votes: See the TV ads
People opposed to Scottish independence celebrate the final results of a historic referendum Friday, September 19, in Edinburgh, Scotland. A majority of voters -- 55% to 45% -- rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away from the United Kingdom and becoming an independent nation.
A supporter of an independent Scotland cries as referendum results are announced September 19 in Edinburgh.
A discarded "Yes" sticker lies on cobblestones along Edinburgh's Royal Mile on September 19.
Alistair Darling, leader of the pro-union "Better Together" campaign, addresses supporters in Glasgow, Scotland, after the announcement of the referendum's final results September 19.
Dejected independence supporters make their way home in Edinburgh on September 19.
Ballots cast against Scottish independence get stacked on a table as votes are counted in Edinburgh on September 19.
Ballot boxes are opened as counting begins Thursday, September 18, in Aberdeen, Scotland.
Ballot counting was tiring for staffers working through the night at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh.
Ballot papers are counted in Aberdeen after the polls closed on September 18.
Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond passes an pro-union campaigner in Ellon, Scotland, on September 18. Salmond, leader of the independence movement, later accepted defeat and urged supporters to do the same.
Campaigners on both sides of Scotland's independence referendum stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
A man walks to a polling station to cast his vote in Ballater, Scotland, on September 18.
Campaigners stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
People wait to cast ballots inside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
A voter arrives at a polling place September 18 in Edinburgh.
A pro-union campaigner distributes leaflets at a polling station in Glasgow on September 18.
Salmond talks with supporters September 18 in Turriff, Scotland.
A dog wearing a pro-independence bandana walks down a street September 18 in Glasgow.
Darling, second from left, stands with his wife, Maggie, outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
Salmond chats with reporters after casting his vote September 18 in Strichen, Scotland.
A pro-independence campaigner displays his message September 18 in Strichen.
Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown talks to pro-union campaigners outside a polling station in Queensferry, Scotland, on September 18.
A young voter leaves a polling station September 18 in Edinburgh.
Campaigners on both sides of the issue stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
Scotland votes

Day 2 of transport strike likely to cripple public life in West BengalSep 19, 2014 at 09:54am IST
Day 2 of transport strike likely to cripple public life in West Bengal
9
0
Kolkata: With the trade unions calling a "total" transport strike across the state, public life is likely to be crippled in West Bengal on Friday. The outfit is showing solidarity with taxi operators who have been protesting since Thursday against alleged police high handedness.
The general public who is out on work on a busy week day are having a hard time. "I am seeing every other day there is a strike. Public is disturbed because of that," said one of the local residents.
"We are facing lot of problems. The taxi people are asking Rs 800-900 everyday," added another resident.
Taxi unions have been calling flash strikes since August 7, demanding the state government to raise fares, drop legal proceedings against 450 taxi owners and put a stop to imposing penalty of Rs 3,000 for passenger refusal.
Taxi unions have been calling flash strikes since August 7, demanding the state government to raise fares, drop legal proceedings against 450 taxi owners and put a stop to imposing penalty of Rs 3,000 for passenger refusal.
1

First referendum results declared in Scottish referendumFirst referendum results declared in Scottish referendum
Salmond concedes defeat  demands more Scottish powersfastScottish First Minister Alex Salmond looks down during a press conference in Edinburgh in Scotland on Friday. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Edinburgh | Posted: September 19, 2014 11:22 am
Scottish nationalist leader Alex Salmond conceded defeat on Friday over his bid to win independence and demanded the British government rapidly meet its promise of more powers for Edinburgh.
“Scotland has by a majority decided not at this stage to become an independent country. I accept that verdict of the people,” Salmond told independence supporters in the Scottish capital.
Leaders of Britain’s three main parties, shocked by the strong showing of the independence campaign in recent weeks, scrambled to offer Scots more devolved powers if they remained part of the United Kingdom.
“Scotland will expect these to be honoured in rapid course,” Salmond said.

Scottish voters have rejected independence  results showSep 19, 2014, 11.44 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Scottish voters have rejected independence, results show
Results showed support for the union had now exceeded 50 percent of the turnout, meaning that secessionists could not win the vote.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Scottish voters have rejected independence, results show
Results showed support for the union had now exceeded 50 percent of the turnout, meaning that secessionists could not win the vote.
Post your opinion here
 
Scottish voters have rejected independence, results showed on Friday.
Results showed support for the union had now exceeded 50 percent of the turnout, meaning that secessionists could not win the vote.
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg today said he wanted the coalition government to deliver new powers to Scotland, saying Scots' rejection of independence was a signal for wider constitutional reform across all of Britain.
"I’m absolutely delighted the Scottish people have taken this momentous decision to safeguard our family of nations for future generations," Clegg said in a statement.
"We must now deliver on time and in full the radical package of newly devolved powers to Scotland. This referendum marks not only a new chapter for Scotland within the UK but also wider constitutional reform across the Union."
RELATED NEWS

Scotland rejects independence in historic referendumScotland rejects independence in historic referendum
Alibaba IPO US$21.7 bn ranks 3rd among world s largest listingAlibaba IPO US$21.7 bn ranks 3rd among world s largest listing
Board of SPML Infra consideres various fund raising optionsBoard of SPML Infra consideres various fund raising options
Rajasthan: Parents Bury Girl in  Samadhi   Claim she was Deity s IncarnationRajasthan: Parents Bury Girl in  Samadhi   Claim she was Deity s Incarnation
Lalit s 5 queries forced Sinha not to file affidavits in 2G case: PILLalit s 5 queries forced Sinha not to file affidavits in 2G case: PIL
Ukraine s Poroshenko says U.S. promises $1 billion in financial guaranteesUkraine s Poroshenko says U.S. promises $1 billion in financial guarantees
Gold price settles at Rs 26 653  bounces off 8-1/2-month low in global marketsGold price settles at Rs 26 653  bounces off 8-1/2-month low in global markets
Bajaj Finserv appoints S Sreenivasan as CFOBajaj Finserv appoints S Sreenivasan as CFO
Accumulate Godrej Industries  advises Pritesh MehtaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Accumulate Godrej Industries, advises Pritesh Mehta
Pritesh Mehta of IIFL recommends accumulating Godrej Industries at current levels.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Pritesh Mehta of IIFL told CNBC-TV18, " Godrej Industries has been range-bound between Rs 325-360 since the month of July and whenever an uptrending stock goes because of consolidation at the top, it is considered to be a bullish sign. The moment it gives a crossover above Rs 360-365, there is possibility of strong upside in this counter."
"Even at current levels one should look at accumulating the stock because this is an uptrending stock, it will do well, it will break on the upside after certain period of time. So you need not worry because the stock has been range bound but yes the time will come for the stock to participate," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Alibaba: All you need to knowMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

New light on genetic make-up of Europeansresearch
Throwing new light on the origins of present-day Europeans, a team of international researchers has traced their roots to three ancestral groups and not two as was believed. The results of the study have been published today (September 18) in Nature.
The consortium led by researchers from the University of Tubingen and Harvard Medical School in collaboration with scientists from the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB), Hyderabad, studied three different ancient human bone samples and compared them with 200 diverse contemporary populations across the world through genome-wide data of about 2,400 humans. The contemporary populations included the enigmatic tribal population of Andaman and Nicobar Islands, according to Dr. Kumaraswamy Thangaraj, one of the authors of the study and Senior Principal Scientist at CCMB.
The study analysed ancient human genomes from a more than 7,000-year-old early farmer from Stuttgart in Southern Germany, belonging to linearbandkeramik (LBK), a sedentary farming culture, a more than 8,000-year-old hunter-gatherer from the Loschbour rock shelter in Luxembourg, and seven over 8,000-year-old hunter-gatherers from Motala in Sweden.
Tremendous impact
According to a CCMB release, the beginning of agriculture and animal domestication, which began in the Near East about 11,000 years ago, had a tremendous impact on human lifestyle. Hunter-gatherers were replaced in many places by farmers and there were large increases in population size that laid the foundation for larger towns and eventually complex societies.
Archaeological evidence suggests that a transition to a farming lifestyle in Central Europe occurred around 7,500 years ago with the appearance of LBK.
While the first ancestral group was indigenous hunter-gatherers; the second comprised Middle Eastern farmers that migrated to Europe around 7,500 years ago. The novel third group is a more mysterious population that spanned North Eurasia and genetically connects Europeans and Native Americans.
All three groups
The researchers calculated the proportion of the ancestral components in present-day Europeans and found that all Europeans have ancestry from all three groups. While Northern Europeans have more hunter-gatherer ancestry (up to 50 per cent in Lithuanians), Southern Europeans have more farmer ancestry.
The Northern Eurasian ancestry was the smallest component and never more than 20 per cent.
Dr. Thangaraj said that a genetic mutation was introduced to digest milk-sugar in humans after they domesticated cattle and started drinking milk. Hunter-gatherers and early farmers had high copy numbers of amylase in their genomes suggesting they had already adapted to a starch-rich diet. This amylase factor was more common in Europeans, Middle Eastern people and North West Indians.
Indian emergence
CCMB scientists earlier found that Indians emerged from two ancestral populations — ancestral South Indians (ASI) and ancestral North Indians (ANI). While ASI did not have any genetic affinity outside India, ANI showed up to 70 per cent genetic affinity with Europeans. “However, it would be interesting to see which one of the three ancestral European populations is related to ANI”, says Dr. Lalji Singh, formerly Director of CCMB and also a co-author of the study.
Dr. Thangaraj says he suspected that the Middle Eastern component of milk-digesting gene might have contributed to ANI.

India home to 100 billionaires; 6th in the top 10You are here: Home > Collections
India home to 100 billionaires; sixth in the top 10 league
PTI Sep 17, 2014, 12.36PM IST
Tags:
billionaires
(Mumbai, with 28 billionaires…)
SINGAPORE/NEW DELHI: India has retained its sixth position in terms of number of billionaires with 100 such people collectively having $175 billion in networth, while globally the number of uber-rich has reached a record high of 2,325 persons.
According to the Wealth-X and UBS Billionaire Census 2014 , released on Wednesday, though the number of billionaires in the country has decreased over last year (in 2013 there were 103 billionaires) India still enjoys a decent 6th position (same as last year) in the top 10 league.
Interestingly, India has more number of billionaires than Switzerland, Hong Kong and France among others.
Moreover, the country's financial capital Mumbai , with 28 billionaires is among the top 20 'billionaire cities' globally, which was topped by New York which is home to 103 billionaires.
On the top 40 billionaire countries/territories list, the United States maintained its position as the world's top billionaire country with a population of 571 billionaires in 2014, followed by China (190) and the United Kingdom (130) in the second and third position respectively.
According to the the report, which looks at the global billionaire population from July 2013 to June 2014, India's billionaire population has decreased by 3 per cent to 100 and the total billionaire wealth has fallen by $5 billion to $175 billion.
However, the world's population of billionaires continues to grow.
The global billionaire population reached a record 2,325 with the addition of 155 new billionaires in 2014, registering a rise of 7 per cent from 2013.
"The combined wealth of the world's billionaires increased by 12 per cent to $7.3 trillion, which is higher than the combined market capitalisation of all the companies that make up the Dow Jones Industrial Average," the report said.
Europe, with 775 billionaires, is the region with the most billionaires and billionaire wealth ($2.37 trillion), while, Asia boasted the largest billionaire wealth increase, with the region's billionaires' fortunes growing by 18.7 per cent over the past year.
"The region (Asia) is responsible for 30 per cent of the net increase in global billionaire wealth in 2014. Asia's billionaire population grew by 10 per cent in 2014, with 52 new entrants into the billionaire club out of which 33 are from China," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kher discusses totalisation pact with US Trade Representative WendyYou are here: Home > Collections > India
Rajeev Kher discusses totalisation pact with US Trade Representative Wendy Cutler
ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 04.19AM IST
Tags:
Barack Obama
(US social security policy…)
NEW DELHI: India pitched for a totalisation pact with the US on Wednesday to protect interests of Indian professionals who contribute more than $1 billion every year to that country's social security system through federal taxes without getting any benefits in return.
Commerce secretary Rajeev Kher flagged issues India would like to take up at the next meeting of the trade policy forum with acting deputy US Trade Representative Wendy Cutler in Delhi. Cutler is in India to do groundwork for the forum. The issue may also come up during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's meeting with US president Barack Obama at the end of September.
Kher said US social security policy discriminated against Indian workers in the US who ended up losing their contributions due to discrepancies in the visa and social security regimes. Although the US has entered into totalisation pacts with 24 nations, an agreement with India has been on hold for many years. India had signed a similar agreement with Canada in 2012. Totalisation agreements seek to eliminate dual social security taxes.
Kher sought an update on reauthorisation of the Generalized System of Preferences, which expired in July last year and is awaiting Congressional approval. Besides, market access issues of agrarian products was also discussed during the inter-ministerial meeting, apart from intellectual property rights and manufacturing investment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vodafone CEO Vittorio Colao poised to visit India next weekVodafone CEO Vittorio Colao to visit India next week
Anandita Singh Mankotia, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
india visit
(Colao’s visit comes in…)
NEW DELHI: Vodafone Group Chief Executive Vittorio Colao is slated to visit India next week, making it his first visit to the country after a new government came to power in New Delhi and the British telecom major took full control of its local unit.
The two-day visit starts in New Delhi from where Colao will go to Mumbai the next day, people familiar with the planning told ET.
The company's Indian operations are headquartered in Mumbai. "He will try to meet government officials as well while in Delhi," one of the people said.
Colao's visit comes in the backdrop of another postponement in appointing a third arbitrator in the Rs 20,000 crore tax dispute Vodafone has with Indian authorities. Vodafone and the Indian government have now agreed to extend the deadline for appointing the third arbitrator to October 17.
Former Chief Justice of India RC Lahoti has been appointed the government's arbitrator, while Vodafone has named Canadian trial lawyer Yves Fortier as its choice. The two arbitrators together have to decide on the third name.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amit Shah gives green signal to BJP-Shiv Sena tie-upAmit Shah
(BJP President Amit Shah…)
MUMBAI: Senior BJP leaders in Maharashtra indicated on Wednesday evening that an alliance with Shiv Sena for the assembly elections would be announced in the next 24 to 36 hours. BJP President Amit Shah held a meeting with leaders of the state unit here and took stock of the seat-sharing talks with Sena. Although Shah avoided meeting Sena President Uddhav Thackeray, state BJP leaders told ET that he had given a green signal for an alliance with Sena.
Hectic activity was on at Thackeray's residence since morning on Wednesday. Two rounds of meetings happened between the Sena leadership and alliance partners. In the afternoon, one meeting took place between some Sena leaders and BJP office-bearers.
Shah arrived in the city in the evening and met his party colleagues at suburban Bandra. Ironically, Shah who met his team just 4 km away from Thackeray's residence preferred not to hold any talks with the Sena chief, and went for a private function in south Mumbai.
While BJP has been asking for over 135 seats, Sena is reluctant to bring its tally down to under 150 seats. Other smaller alliance partners also have to be accommodated in the seat-sharing formula. Several rounds of talks have happened between the two parties, but no resolution has been found.
Despite repeated requests, BJP leaders refused to reveal the figure that was discussed or decided by the BJP brass. A BJP MLC said: "We had talks with smaller parties such as the Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana of Raju Shetty and RPI. We are trying our best for a quick resolution. You will hear an announcement of the alliance within the next 24 to 36 hours."
BJP President Amit Shah will visit his wife's town Kolhapur on Thursday. Shah is on Maharashtra visit for three days. He spent his first day in Mumbai. On Thursday, he is scheduled to go to Pune and later to Kolhapur.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Inexperienced leadership may play spoilsport in Shiv Sena s poll partyInexperienced leadership may play spoilsport in Shiv Sena's poll party
Rohit Chandavarkar, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 08.01AM IST
Tags:
Inexperienced leadership
(The Sena has been away from…)
MUMBAI: Most opinion polls have suggest that the Shiv Sena-BJP combine would be voted to power in Maharashtra but if that happens, the biggest problem Sena would face would be the inexperience of its leaders.
The Sena has been away from power for 15 years and the entire group of senior leaders who constituted the state cabinet in the 1990s is out of action. Many feel the Sena is struggling mainly because the party's oldguard is missing.
All senior Sena men, who occupied crucial portfolios when Sena was in power over 15 years ago, are dead, defected or have been sidelined. Manohar Joshi, Sudhir Joshi, Leeladhar Dake, Chhagan Bhujbal, Narayan Rane, Madhukar Sarpotdar, Pramod Nawalkar, Suresh Prabhu and Wamanrao Mahadik used to be the core team of Bal Thackeray. But all these leaders are now missing.
"Given the situation that no experienced person is active in the Sena core team, the party will need an alliance partner to share the responsibility," said Prakash Akolkar, author of Sena's official biography.
Chhagan Bhujbal crossed over to Congress in 1991 before Shiv Sena came to power in 1995, while Narayan Rane, who was a senior minister in the Sena government and elevated as CM after Joshi stepped down, left the Sena in 2005 to become revenue minister in the Congress government. Manohar Joshi and Sudhir Joshi have been sidelined, while Leeladhar Dake has been given just an ornamental position. Suresh Prabhu, who was active in Delhi and held very crucial portfolios such as environment and energy, has virtually been sidelined by the new leadership of the Shiv Sena.
Many within the Sena feel that the current deadlock over seat-sharing with the BJP has gone to extreme extent because of the missing old-guard. "The senior leaders used to seal the deal within one or two meetings. Now the young are not able to resolve the issues," said a senior Sena leader.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Amid strained ties with Sena  Gadkari meets Maharashtra BJP leadersAmid strained ties with Shiv Sena, Nitin Gadkari meets Maharashtra BJP leaders
PTI Sep 18, 2014, 01.41AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(Shiv Sena chief Uddhav reacted…)
MUMBAI: Union Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari tonight met members of state BJP's core committee here discussing the situation arising out of the stalemate in the party's seat-sharing talks with ally Shiv Sena for Mahararashtra assembly elections to be held next month.
The meeting was held at the Worli residence of Gadkari here and was attended by state BJP chief Devendra Fadanvis, leader of opposition in the legislative assembly Eknath Khadse, leader of opposition in the legislative council Vinod Tawde and senior leader Sudhir Mungantiwar.
Earlier, the state BJP leaders met party president Amit Shah on the sidelines of a function at a city hotel organised by state BJP treasurer Shaina N C's father and former Mumbai sheriff Nana Chudasama.
The 25-year-old alliance of Shiv Sena and BJP has come under strain following BJP's announcement that seat-sharing talks had stopped as of now following Sena president Uddhav Thackeray's remarks `against' Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Uddhav reacted saying he had said nothing demeaning against the Prime Minister but he also rejected BJP's demand for 135 seats instead of 117.
There has been a deadlock over seat-sharing between the two parties for sharing the 288 state assembly seats for fighting the elections slated next month.
BJP has told Shiv Sena its intention to contest 135 seats and wants its ally also to contest an equal number of seats, leaving the remaining 18 seats for three allies RPI (A), Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatna and Rashtriya Samaj Paksha. This demand has been rejected by Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray .
The BJP Central Election Committee (CEC) is likely to meet on Saturday and Sunday to decide on its party candidates and it is hoped the issue will be sorted out in a day or two, sources say.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mangalyaan enters the last leg of its journey to MarsREAD MORE ON » Mars | mangalyaan | ISRO
A series of tricky manoeuvres will have to fall in place at this stage. Here is what to expect before the touch down next Wednesday.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
It is a tiny spacecraft by interplanetary standards, but size does not matter in this endeavour. The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) is not trying to do exotic scientific experiments on Mars at the moment.
This mission is simply to test the organisation's ability to take something all the way up to Mars, keep it in good health during the journey, and make it go around the planet. Doing experiments while orbiting Mars is useful, but it is not the core part of the mission.
On Monday next week, ISRO will face one of the biggest tests of this complicated project. It will switch on the engine that has been lying dormant for 10 months, and fire it for four seconds to slow down the spacecraft.
If it fires and performs well, ISRO will fire it for a longer duration two days later and ease the spacecraft into an orbit around Mars. If it fails to ignite on September 22, the space organisation will nudge the spacecraft's path towards a Martian orbit by firing eight smaller thrusters on September 24. In either case, barring completely unexpected situations, the Mars orbiter is expected to reach its destination within a week.
Apart from a small glitch a few days after launch, the mission has gone very smoothly. The spacecraft has completed 98 per cent of its journey, and its trajectory is so close to the intended path that ISRO did not have to do a correction exercise planned for last month.
"We have crossed several situations that we have not faced before," says ISRO Chairman K Radhakrishnan. "We are now preparing for all contingencies on September 24."
The Mars mission, as planned by ISRO, was a sophisticated exercise. Compared to other Mars missions, ISRO had a smaller rocket and payload. This reduced the cost significantly but increased the mission's complexity. Other Mars missions are not planned this way.
The Maven spacecraft of NASA, which will reach Mars a few days before ISRO's orbiter, was on its way to the red planet directly after launch. All it required was a fiveminute push from the powerful upper stage of the rocket, just 27 minutes after lift-off.
ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission, on the other hand, required repeated firings of the satellite thrusters and intricate manoeuvres before it could begin its journey to Mars. The launch was complex too. The PSLV rocket had a long coast of 25 minutes between the third and fourth stage, during which all engines were shut off. Once in orbit around the earth, the satellite had six orbit-raising manoeuvres that together lasted for 25 days before it left the earth's grasp.
All of this required precise calculations that made the mission complicated. The spacecraft is now about 217 million km from the earth. It is going extremely fast, at 22 km per second with respect to the sun.
When it reaches Mars, this translates to a velocity of just over 5 km per second with respect to the planet. At this speed it will shoot past Mars at an angle and move towards the outer reaches of the solar system.
So, it has to be slowed down to a velocity of around 4.3 km per second with respect to Mars. This is done by reorienting the spacecraft and firing an engine the opposite way, just like the reverse thrust to slow down a plane after it lands.
This is the job of the Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM). ISRO tested its LAM in the spacecraft during the orbital manoeuvres, and will be tested again on Monday. The LAM had two valves controlled by two separate coils of wire.
It found out that fuel flow to the engine stopped when both coils were fired together, but the engine worked when they were energised alternately. This is not a problem that would hold up the mission.
Page 1 of 2

Water-holding meteorite suggests that Mars was once habitableThe finding of a 'cell-like' structure, which investigators now know once held water, came about as a result of collaboration between scientists. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: A fragment of a 1.3 billion-year-old Martian meteorite shows signs that it once held water, suggesting that the red planet may have been habitable, scientists say.
The finding of a 'cell-like' structure, which investigators now know once held water, came about as a result of collaboration between scientists in the UK and Greece .
While investigating the Martian meteorite, known as Nakhla, Dr Elias Chatzitheodoridis of the National Technical University of Athens found an unusual feature embedded deep within the rock.
"In many ways it resembled a fossilised biological cell from Earth but it was intriguing because it was undoubtedly from Mars. Our research found that it probably wasn't a cell but that it did once hold water - water that had been heated, probably as a result of an asteroid impact," Professor Ian Lyon at the University of Manchester's School of Earth, Atmospheric and Environmental Sciences, said.
These findings are significant because they add to increasing evidence that beneath the surface, Mars does provide all the conditions for life to have formed and evolved.
It also adds to a body of evidence suggesting that large asteroids hit Mars in the past and produce long-lasting hydrothermal fields that could sustain life on Mars, even in later epochs, if life ever emerged there.
The feature was imaged in unprecedented detail by Dr Sarah Haigh of The University of Manchester using an imaging approach to reveal the atomic layers of materials inside the meteorite.
"We have been able to show the setting is there to provide life. It's not too cold, it's not too harsh. Life as we know it, in the form of bacteria, for example, could be there, although we haven't found it yet. It's about piecing together the case for life on Mars - it may have existed and in some form could exist still," Lyon said.
The findings are published in the journal Astrobiology.

NASA spacecraft MAVEN to begin orbiting Mars within daysNASA spacecraft to begin orbiting Mars within days
By AFP | 18 Sep, 2014, 10.33AM IST
0
Share More
MAVEN's findings are expected to help pave the way for a future visit by humans to the Red Planet, perhaps as early as 2030.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: An unmanned NASA spacecraft launched last year to study the history of climate change on Mars is to begin orbiting the Red Planet on Sunday after a 10-month journey.
The Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN) probe is different from past NASA missions because it focuses on the mysteries of the never-before-studied upper atmosphere.
It is designed to investigate what happened to the carbon dioxide in air and the water on the surface to transform what was once a wet, warm planet to a dry, cool one.
MAVEN's findings are expected to help pave the way for a future visit by humans to the Red Planet, perhaps as early as 2030.
MAVEN has traveled 442 million miles (711 million kilometers) and is nearly ready to make its way into Mars' orbit, NASA said Wednesday.
The orbit-insertion maneuver is scheduled for 9:50 pm Eastern Daylight Time on Sunday (0150 GMT Monday), the US space agency said.
It will "begin with the brief firing of six small thruster engines to steady the spacecraft," NASA said in a statement.
"The engines will ignite and burn for 33 minutes to slow the craft, allowing it to be pulled into an elliptical orbit with a period of 35 hours."
Once MAVEN begins circling Mars, it will enter a six-week phase for tests.
"Thereafter, MAVEN will begin its one-Earth-year primary mission to take measurements of the composition, structure and escape of gases in Mars' upper atmosphere and its interaction with the sun and solar wind."
Much of MAVEN's year-long mission will be spent circling the planet 6,000 kilometers above the surface.
However, it will execute five deep dips to a distance of just 125 kilometers above the Martian landscape to get readings of the atmosphere at various levels.
"The MAVEN science mission focuses on answering questions about what happened to the water and carbon dioxide present in the Mars system several billion years ago," said Bruce Jakosky , MAVEN principal investigator from Colorado University-Boulder's Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics .
"These are important questions for understanding the history of Mars, its climate and its potential to support at least microbial life."

PM Narendra Modi wanes a little at home and waxes abroadModi wanes a little at home and waxes abroad
Sep 18, 2014, 04.15AM IST
Tags:
(Modi's dance card is nearly…)
By Chaitanya Kalbag
Sometimes, when the late monsoon clouds hover low, India can be spied through the gloom, as if by happenstance. So many geographies, languages, foods, cultures - and religions - thrown together higgledy-piggledy and powered by a sputtering nationalism that makes us want to be counted among the great powers of the world, rich, strong, and respected. And then you also remember how political a people we are, never tiring of taking sides, or throwing stones at glass houses, and hoping that somebody else's hurt will win us office and patronage. But you also forget that politics is about people and you cannot commoditise people for too long on the basis of religion, language or belief. This is what happened in Uttar Pradesh this week, when the by-elections, rather than acting like balm for a misgoverned populace, became a communal boil that had to be lanced.
Hubris has no permanent home. It travels hand in hand with arrogance from one shelter to another. Both the Congress and Samajwadi parties were guilty of a false sense of security, and had their noses rubbed in the dirt in the April-May elections. The Bharatiya Janata Party won 71 of the 80 Lok Sabha seats from UP. Instead of an inclusive building of its support base, the BJP decided it was too popular now to field either Prime Minister Narendra Modi or party chief Amit Shah in the campaign for the 11 Assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat at stake last Saturday. The ruling party decided that the likes of Yogi Adityanath, Sakshi Maharaj, and Sangeet Som (who is accused of complicity in last year's Muzaffarnagar riots and has been granted Z-plus security by the Modi government) were enough to whip up support in UP. That did not happen. Nor did the absent Modi's magic work by telekinesis in Rajasthan or even Gujarat. The BJP can go blue in the face and insist that by-elections are 'local'. Yes, as that canny U.S. politician Tip O'Neill said, all politics is local, but by-elections are a useful barometer for popular sentiment, and it is clear that UP-ites are tired of the near-endemic tension in that state. And yes, the Samajwadi wins were a nice bit of news for Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav exactly mid-way through his term, but he would be foolish to take it as an endorsement of his rule. Two negatives do add up to a positive in a by-election. That does not mean the Yadavs can sleep easy: there will be more elections.
Modi marked his birthday in Ahmedabad with a short speech in Gujarati, but his mind must have been on talks that evening with Chinese President Xi Jinping as they dined under a tent on the Sabarmati riverbank. As has become the leitmotif of the Modi reign, yet another alliteratively named pro-poor scheme was launched to tackle Gujaratis' swavalamban (self-reliance), swashray (independence) and swabhimaan (self-dignity). Indeed, four months after the Lok Sabha elections, it seems sometimes like governance by slogan, marketing by catch-phrase, communication by social media. After keeping the 'news traders' at arm's-length for weeks the government's ministers were instructed to meet selectively with the press to discuss Modi's first 100 days in power, but the PM himself stayed aloof. When he flies to New York next week for the UN General Assembly, he will not carry along a bevy of reporters. He did have to address a press conference during his Japan visit, and the day before Xi's arrival he 'interacted' with a group of Chinese journalists; with them he shared his newest slogan: Inch (India and China) towards Miles (Millennium of Exceptional Synergy). In Tokyo, he revealed to a bemused audience of women university students that he used to send all the expensive gifts he got during his 13 years as chief minister of Gujarat to the treasury to be auctioned. "When I left Gujarat I deposited Rs 78 crore in the state's coffers." Why he chose to announce that figure thus is something only he and his image managers know.
  This week Modi's image is unmistakably larger than life in his hometown, where large billboards carried pictures of him, Xi and Gujarat chief minister Anandiben Patel. Modi is a dab hand at attracting Chinese investment, and he will do so again, even if on the Hindu calendar Xi's visit falls in the inauspicious Shradh fortnight. Despite the warmth, India has flexed its muscles over the past few days by pushing back a Chinese incursion in Ladakh and unveiling plans to build more roads and military facilities along the disputed border in Arunachal Pradesh. And President Pranab Mukherjee, visiting Vietnam, signed defence and oil-exploration pacts that have rattled the Chinese cage.
Despite these irritants, China is determined to be the $100-billion gorilla in our living room. Xi will sign multi-billion-dollar deals to set up industrial parks, build more Indian railway capacity, and perhaps even sell New Delhi nuclear reactors. A big Chinese state-owned bank announced the day Xi arrived that it would lend IndiGo $2.6 billion to buy 30 new aircraft; this comes on top of the $2.2 billion in Chinese loans to help Anil Ambani buy Chinese power equipment, and $300 million to help the Ruias pull down their debt. Modi says he believes in a new Silk Route with India's biggest trading partner. Modi's dance card is nearly full: at month's end, President Barack Obama will join the long queue of suitors. The last monsoon cloud should have lifted by then.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Negative interest rates far from absurdEurope shows negative interest rates not absurd – and might work
By Ralph Atkins in London
Need for eurozone action forces out boundaries of economics
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/db1f5da4-3e89-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Traders stay wide awake for Scotland vote© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d2df5570-3f3f-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why NASA is turning to Elon MuskWhy NASA is turning to Elon Musk
By Rachel Crane   @CNNTech September 19, 2014: 3:01 PM ET
 
Elon Musk: From space race to space war
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
NASA's shuttle program was once the agency's pride and joy. Now it is turning it over to two companies: Boeing and SpaceX.
Before grounding the program in 2011, NASA flew 135 missions, 37 of which were to the International Space Station, the single most expensive object ever built, with an estimated all-in cost of $150 billion.
The International Space Station is a floating laboratory in space that travels at speeds of 17,240 miles per hour, circling the planet every 90 minutes. (Oh, and despite being located in low earth orbit, about 250 miles high, the station has a Houston area code.)
So why are they giving the job to Boeing and SpaceX? NASA wants to pursue something far sexier.
This week, NASA administrator Charles Bolden spent time talking about these greater ambitions:
"We will conduct missions that will each set their own impressive roster of firsts. First crew to visit and take samples from an asteroid. First crew to fly beyond the orbit of the moon. Perhaps the first crew to grow it's own food and eat it in space. All of which will set us up for humanity's next giant leap: the first crew to touch down on and take steps on the surface of Mars."
Even so, NASA won't be able to pull that off on its own, at least according to Elon Musk, the entrepreneur behind SpaceX.
"My best guess is that the establishment of a self-sustaining city on Mars will have quite a bit of NASA involvement," Musk told CNN. "But I think it's going to be a public-private partnership. It might be more private than public."
The reason? Cost and bureaucracy. "It doesn't matter how smart someone is within the government, it simply can't be accomplished with that structure," said Musk.
"I don't think NASA could establish a self-sustaining city on Mars simply because it would be cost prohibitive. If NASA did it the traditional government way, the cost of doing it would exceed the federal budget."
Related: Elon Musk admists to "dark dreams" before a launch
But fear not space geeks, before Mars, there is Low Earth Orbit. And both Boeing ( BA ) and SpaceX think the latest NASA contracts mark a key step in the emergence of "space tourism" industry.
NASA plans to use Boeing's CST100 and SpaceX's Dragon to shuttle 4 astronauts to the space station on each mission.
However, both capsules are configured to transport 5 passengers.
Boeing will work with its partner, Space Adventures, to offer the additional seat to space tourists.
Boeing is also teaming with Bigelow Aerospace, a space technology company that is working on developing expandable space station modules, so that countries that want to be space faring nations will be able to access the Bigelow habitat. Bigelow has also expressed interest in developing space hotels.
Correction: NASA's shuttle program flew 135 missions overall, not 135 to the International Space Station.
First Published: September 18, 2014: 9:41 AM ET
Most Popular

Jack Ma s big payday: $867 millionAlibaba IPO means a big payday for Jack Ma
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 18, 2014: 5:54 AM ET
 
Who is Jack Ma?
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Alibaba co-founder Jack Ma's wallet is going to be a lot fatter after his company goes public this week in New York.
Ma is selling 12.75 million shares in Alibaba's IPO, bringing in as much as $867 million if they are priced at the top of the target range of $66 to $68 .
That's no mean way for the Chinese entrepreneur to ring in his 50th birthday, celebrated just a few days ago on Sept. 10.
Ma's remaining 7.8% stake in the company is estimated to be worth about $13 billion. The deal values Alibaba ( BABA ) itself at $163 billion, slightly bigger than Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ).
Alibaba's executive vice chairman Joe Tsai is also selling shares in the IPO that will net him as much as $289 million. His remaining stake in the company is estimated to be worth as much as $5.4 billion.
Related: Meet four kings of Alibaba's online retail empire
Ma and Tsai made their fortunes by building Alibaba into a tech behemoth that does just about everything. The firm runs China's two most popular online shopping sites, Taobao and Tmall, and operates a network of services that allow consumers to process payments, buy movie tickets, get lunch delivered, or invest in a money market fund.
A former English teacher, Ma is something of an unlikely billionaire. He flunked his college entrance exams, was rejected by Harvard, and was snubbed by most people when he first started talking about building an Internet business in China.
Related: Alibaba: All you need to know
But he proved them all wrong, and Alibaba is now on the brink of what could be the biggest IPO in history.
Ma and Tsai are now putting some of their wealth towards philanthropic efforts . In April, they established two trusts funded by share options worth about 2% of the company. The funds are planned to benefit environmental, medical, education and cultural causes in China.
Also poised to win big in the Alibaba IPO is Masayoshi Son, Japan's richest man. He is CEO of telecoms group Softbank ( SFTBF ), which has seen the value of its original $20 million investment soar to about $54 billion.
Softbank doesn't plan to unload any shares in the IPO.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) will sell shares worth as much as $8.3 billion. Its remaining stake could be worth about $27 billion.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 10:13 PM ET
Most Popular

Under Sangh pressure  Modi takes hard line on incursionsNew Delhi, September 18, 2014
Updated: September 19, 2014 00:48 IST
Under Sangh pressure, Modi takes hard line on incursions
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu The Chinese Army has reportedly made a fresh incursion into the Chumar area of Jammu and Kashmir on Friday. The standoff in Demchok and Chumar had cast a shadow on Thursday’s summit talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
The Hindu President Pranab Mukherjee greets Chinese President Xi Jinping as Prime Minister Narendra Modi looks on, during a ceremonial reception at the Rashtrapati Bhavan on Thursday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
India-China
According to Army sources, nearly 1,000 Chinese soldiers moved inside the Line of Actual Control in Ladakh region.
Government sources confirmed that National Security Adviser Ajit Doval called Mr. Modi on Wednesday evening to give him a full brief on the military faceoff with Chinese troops in Chumar sector of Ladakh as well as the ongoing civilian standoff over a NREGA irrigation project in Demchok.
The call apparently came after Sangh Parivar members expressed unhappiness over the effusive welcome to Chinese President Xi Jinping. “It was particularly disturbing for them to see images of the two leaders sitting on a swing by the Sabarmati riverside, while China is openly challenging us at the border, and we asked that security officials update the PM with the latest situation,” a source said.
Mr. Modi is reported to have taken Mr. Xi aside directly after their dinner in Ahmedabad and taken up the concerns very strongly. On Thursday morning too, Mr. Modi made special mention of the incursions in talks that extended an hour longer than expected.
The Prime Minister first met Mr. Xi with a restricted group of advisers, followed by a one-on-one meeting, and then along with their delegations. External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj is also understood to have taken a strong line on the border incursions during her talks with the Chinese delegation.
In the press appearance that followed the talks, Mr. Modi’s line was clear, as he said he had “raised India’s serious concern over repeated incidents along the border.” Later Mr. Xi in a public speech said, “I am aware that some in India claim that a stronger China will seek hegemonistic powers. I wish to make it clear that China is firmly committed to peaceful development,” expressing the hope the boundary would be demarcated and the issue resolved “quickly”.
Significantly, through the day, the BJP’s communication cell regularly tweeted the PM’s tougher comments on the Line of Actual Control as well as visas. It finally tweeted on its official handle @bjpsamvad, “Chinese had been halted and pushed back from Chumar in Ladakh by Indian Army.”

Rupert Murdoch quiet on Scotland voteRupert Murdoch stays quiet on Scotland vote
By Frank Pallotta   @frankpallotta September 18, 2014: 7:14 PM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Everybody seemed to have an opinion on the Scottish independence vote : From UK Prime Minister David Cameron to Groundskeeper Willie on "The Simpsons."
But not Rupert Murdoch, potentially one of the most influential voices as CEO of News Corp. and 21st Century Fox.
The media mogul, who is of Scottish ancestry, owns The Sun, Scotland's biggest newspaper.
The Sun editorial pages didn't officially take a stand, and that would have been a big deal.
"Politicians in the UK are of the belief that Murdoch can swing elections - that gives him power and influence," said NPR media correspondent David Folkenflik, author of "Murdoch's World: The Last of the Old Media Empires."
While his newspaper was relatively quiet regarding Scotland, Murdoch was still very busy on Twitter, though still not taking a stand.
Twitter, according to Folkenflik, is Murdoch's new way to channel his thoughts to his newspaper editors.
"It used to be that Murdoch would pick up the phone and call his tabloid editors," Folkenflik said. "Nowadays he can tweet."
Murdoch continued to be tight-lipped even Thursday morning when he appeared on his own cable channel, Fox Business Network.
Speaking over the phone with Neil Cavuto, Murdoch spoke of polling numbers and the political/economic fallout regarding the vote, but continued to not show his hand.
Even after recent phone-hacking scandals, the media speculation around Murdoch's referendum position has shown just how much influence the 83 year-old mogul still wields in UK politics.

Ajit Singhs cronies threaten to cut Delhi water supplyEYE BROWSE
Ajit Singh’s cronies threaten to cut Delhi water supply
Efforts to evict the former civil aviation minister from his residence to which he is no longer entitled turned ugly when his supporters clashed with police.
Yahoo India –  Thu 18 Sep, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: The NDA government's move to evict former Union minister Ajit Singh, from the Lutyens bungalow that he has overstayed in, took an ugly turn today after his supporters clashed with the police in which over 200 protesters were injured in Murad Nagar town in Ghaziabad district.
Thousands of Ajit Singh’s supporters pelted stones at the police and also threatened to cut the water supply to Delhi. However, the police prevented them from doing so.
The Rashtriya Lok Dal and Bharatiya Kishan Union workers were protesting the snapping of water and power supply to the 12, Tughlak Road residence of former civil aviation minister Ajit Singh to force him to leave the government bungalow to which he is no longer entitled.
The demonstrators blocked traffic on National Highway No. 58 and tried to disrupt the water supply to the Sonia Vihar water treatment plant in Delhi.
Rashtriya Lok Dal workers said the bungalow should be declared as the Chaudhary Charan Singh Memorial Centre like other government bungalows of Indira Gandhi, Lal Bahadur Shastri, Kanshi Ram and Jagjivan Ram.
Supporting their demand, the former civil aviation minister: 'Many farmers have emotions linked to this bungalow. In the last 36 years since I have been staying here, the farmers have been coming here. People want that a Smriti Bhawan should be made here. The government should think about it and accept it.'
The RLD supremo further said the farmers are angry as the government is not paying attention to their demands.
"I know that I don't have the right to stay in this bungalow as I am not an MP anymore. And I had informed them on September 9 that I will be vacating the bungalow by September 24-25," said Singh.
"The incidents of cutting electricity supply have made the people angry. But the actual reason behind the anger is that people have been coming here since long. They want that their authority remains and the bungalow is made a Smriti Bhawan so that they can keep coming here and discuss the farmer issues," he added.
The RLD chief's statement came post the eviction notice issued to him by the Central government to vacate his official residence in which he has been staying from the past 36 years after former prime minister Choudhary Charan Singh passed away.
Earlier today, Haryana Chief Minister B S Hooda also supported the RLD chief.
In a letter to Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu, he wrote, "This is an unceremonious and discourteous act. Memories of former PM CC Singh are associated with this house in which he moved in 1978, since then this house is with his family."
Added Chaudhary Tejpal Singh, Ghaziabad district President of RLD: "The central government has humiliated Chaudhary Ajit Singh deliberately by snapping the power and water supply to the bungalow despite the RLD leader had assured the government that he would vacate the bungalow after Shradh period is over. He has already shifted most of his belonging to a flat in Vasant Kunj and Baghpat and Mathura."
The Tughlak Road bungalow is where the late Chaudhary Charan Singh resided during his tenure as the prime minister and finance minister. Later, Ajit Singh, his son, stayed in the bungalow.
Ajit Singh is among 30 former ministers of the UPA government who were were in unauthorised possession of government bungalows long after they had been served eviction notices.
Recommend

End of era: Larry Ellison steps aside as Ora...Executives Safra Catz and Mark Hurd will take over Ellison's role as CEO, the company said.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
SAN FRANCISCO/SEATTLE: Larry Ellison , co-founder and leader of Oracle Corp for 37 years, stepped aside as chief executive officer on Thursday, to be replaced by co-CEOs Safra Catz and Mark Hurd , raising questions about a job-sharing arrangement that has had a fraught record elsewhere.
Ellison and the two new co-CEOs each stressed that nothing would change under the new management structure, with Ellison staying on as executive chairman and chief technology officer.
But Oracle shares fell 2 per cent to $40.70 in after-hours trading after it reported the management shake-up and that profit had fallen below Wall Street's average forecast, hurt by weak hardware sales.
The move immediately attracted criticism from management experts.
"In almost all cases, these co-CEO configurations are a jerry-rigged solution to a political problem," said Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, a professor at Yale School of Management.
The move comes earlier than expected by many investors, and appears designed to address concerns about the company's direction under Ellison, 70, who co-founded the database company that became Oracle in 1977 and has been Oracle's only CEO.
"While there was some speculation Larry could step down, the timing is a bit of a head scratcher and the Street will have many questions," said Daniel Ives, an analyst at FBR Capital Markets. "Investors have a mixed view of Safra and especially Hurd as co-CEOs given the missteps we have seen from the company over the past few years."
On a conference call with analysts, Ellison said: "I'm going to continue doing what I've been doing over the last several years. They're going to continue what they've been doing over the last several years," referring to Hurd, 57, and Catz, 52. "Mark and Safra have done a spectacular job and I think they deserve the recognition of their new titles."
Catz and Hurd echoed that mantra on the call.
"I want to make sure we are very, very clear. There will actually be no changes," said Catz. "No changes whatsoever."
For his part, Hurd stressed that Oracle was not hierarchical. "We're pretty flat in terms of the way we run the place, and we want to keep it that way," he told the conference call.
The creation of two CEO roles, which has largely been unsuccessful when tried at other companies, raises questions of how Catz and Hurd, both strong personalities, will work together at the top.
"Co-CEO structures are typically not ideal," said Bill Kreher, an analyst at Edward Jones. "They're both very independent thinkers who have strong wills. At times they won't agree. But they have worked closely together, and with Ellison. We don't see the day-to-day changing."
The two have very different histories. Catz, trained in finance and law, was a Wall Street banker from 1986 until she joined Oracle in 1999, and has been a central figure in Oracle's many acquisitions.
Sales-oriented Hurd spent 25 years at computer and ATM pioneer NCR Corp before joining Hewlett-Packard, where he was CEO from 2005 until 2010, when he resigned in the wake of sexual harassment claims by a female contractor. HP concluded that its harassment policy had not been violated but that Hurd had made inaccurate expense claims concealing entertainment for the contractor. He was courted by Ellison and joined Oracle later that year.
STEPPING BACK, BUT STILL PRESENT
Under the new arrangement, manufacturing, finance and legal functions at Oracle will continue to report to Catz, while sales and service units will continue to report to Hurd. Software and hardware engineering will continue to report to Ellison.
The major difference is that Catz and Hurd will now report to Oracle's board, rather than to Ellison himself, although Ellison is now executive chairman of that board.
Ellison will keep working full time, Oracle said in a statement. His step back from the top job mirrors Bill Gates at Microsoft, who stepped down as chairman of the software giant earlier this year but remains a board member and adviser to new CEO Satya Nadella.
Page 1 of 2

Amazon brings new Kindle to India for Rs 5 999E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Flood of results drains Salmonds hopesBad news for Salmond as No trickle turns to a flood
By George Parker and Mure Dickie
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/ef1e34f4-3fb2-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Quartz Daily BriefAmericas editionScotlands vote results  Alibabas unveiling  Larry Ellison out  airplane food dSeptember 19, 2014
What to watch for today
Scotland gets real. Preliminary results suggest that the “No” vote against independence is receiving more support than anticipated. As of press time “No” is leading with 53.8% , ahead of “Yes” with 46.2%, with 21 of 32 councils reporting. Glasgow supported the “Yes” vote, 53.5%-46.5%.
Alibaba shares the love. The Chinese e-commerce giant will begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker “BABA.” The company  priced shares  in its IPO at $68 after Thursday’s market close; it is expected to raise nearly $21.8 billion on a valuation of $168 billion .
All hail the new iPhone. Apple’s long-awaited  iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus  are out today in Australia , the US, Canada, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, Puerto Rico, Singapore, and the UK. Customers bought  4 million phones  on the first day pre-orders were available, setting a pace to best Apple’s record of 9 million iPhone sales in an opening weekend.  Here’s how to decide  which one to buy.
Hold onto your volatility hats. Four stock futures and options contracts expire today in  a quarterly phenomenon called “quadruple witching,”  which often leads to frantic trading and market gyrations. Add to that the market-moving Scottish election results,  US stocks hitting all-time highs , and the Alibaba IPO, and the ride looks even rockier.
An independence bid in Barcelona. The Catalan parliament is expected to call for a Nov. 9 vote on independence from Spain . Madrid has said that the referendum is unconstitutional (paywall).
While you were sleeping
The UN Security Council sounded the alarm on Ebola. Ebola is a “threat to international peace and security,” the council said after its first-ever emergency meeting to deal with a public health issue. In Oxford, England, the first human subject began a trial of a GlaxoSmithKline vaccination against Ebola . Meanwhile, eight people, including three doctors and three journalists, were murdered in southeast Guinea near where the outbreak began.
The US Senate approved aid for Syrian rebels. President Obama has been given approval with a vote of 78-22 for his plan to train and arm rebels in their fight against the Islamic State, which just released a new video of a captive British journalist named John Cantlie .
A typhoon shut down Manila. The Philippine capital  shuttered its government offices and financial markets as the storm known as “Mario” caused severe flooding.
Japan’s economic outlook got bleaker. The world’s third largest economy downgraded its forecast due to lower consumer consumption, caused by bad weather and a bigger-than-expected impact from a sales tax increase.
SAP buys into the cloud. The German business software giant acquired the online travel expenses company Concur  (paywall) for $8.3 billion in an effort to expand its web services offerings to corporations. Seattle-based Concur is a rare survivor of the first dotcom boom.
Microsoft fired 2,100 employees in its  second round of layoffs , part of a plan announced in July to cut 18,000 jobs , or 14% of the company’s total workforce. The housecleaning is an attempt to streamline operations after the acquisition of Nokia’s Devices and Services division, which added 25,000 employees to Microsoft’s payroll.
Larry Ellison is out as Oracle’s CEO. The surprise shift is  effective immediately . Ellison becomes executive chairman of the board and chief technology officer. Longtime Oracle executives Safra Catz and Mark Hurd will become co-CEOs.
Quartz obsession interlude
Gwynn Guilford on why Homer Simpson’s beer mantra is a lot like China’s approach to real estate. “[J]ust like alcohol, China’s property construction sector—which [the country] relies on to  drive up to a fifth of its GDP —is at once “the cause of, and solution to” if not all, then many, of its economic problems. That’s because even though this over-reliance makes the country’s economy unusually vulnerable to home-sale slumps—and financial risks —the government has in the past rescued its swooning economy by—you guessed it—encouraging more real estate investment.”  Read more here .
Matters of debate
Vladimir Putin loves rumors. His comments about invading neighboring capitals were taken out of context , but the speculation helps him anyway.
Ken Burns doesn’t understand the Roosevelts. The documentarian’s latest is heavy on character but light on politics .
Midlife crises are biologically coded. We should acknowledge their existence and adjust accordingly.
Interning is the new volunteering. It looks good on a resume , and interns are less prone to flaking out.
Surprising discoveries
You can get airplane food delivered to your house, for some reason. German subscribers get a weekly business class meal —this week it’s “Arabic seafood” or panserotti with porcini mushrooms.
Wal-Mart Mexico is being investigated for holding a cockfight. A spokesman said the roosters  were unarmed and uninjured .
South Koreans are splurging on job application mugshots. Some recruiters believe that photos trump other resume details .
Dogs can be pessimists. Though it’s unclear how common it is to see the water bowl as half-empty .
North Korea wrote a 50,000-page report on its human rights record. It concluded that things are going pretty well . The UN disagrees .
Click here for  more surprising discoveries  on Quartz.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, gourmet airline meals, and ethical cockfights to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:

Tata Group shares gain on Moody s upgrades ratingsTata Group shares gain on Moody's upgrades ratings
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 10:22 AM IST
Shares of Tata Group companies are trading higher by up to 9% in otherwise subdued market after global rating agency Moody's has upgraded the ratings for many group firms including Tata Motors, Tata Steels and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS).
Among the group stocks - TCS, Tata Power, Tata Steel, Tata Sponge Iron, Tata Elxsi, Tata Investment Corporation, Indian Hotels and Tata Teleservices (Maharasthra) are up 1-9%, while Tata Motors trading flat on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
Alan Greene, a Moody's Vice President, Senior Credit Officer said the multiple rating actions are based on the track record of Tata Sons in providing timely support to its investee companies.
Rating assessment also captures ability to provide future support, and on the need to protect the brand reputation of Tata from the consequences of an entity's distress.
"In recent years, we have seen Tata Sons inject money, typically through equity rights issues, into its companies, to fund their growth plans or to bolster any weak balance sheets", he said.
Dividends paid by TCS, a 73.7%-owned subsidiary, are the predominant source of funds for Tata Sons. In the last ten years since its IPO, TCS has become India's largest business process services/IT services outsourcing company and a leading, globally competitive business.
Shares of TCS were up nearly 3% hit a record high of Rs 2,711 on BSE.  Among the other individual stocks - Tata Sponge Iron has rallied 9% to Rs 950, followed by Tata Investment Corporation (8% at Rs 608), Tata Elxsi (7% at Rs 648) and Indian Hotels (4% at Rs 104).
 

Walmart eyes 70 cash carry stores in India by 2020Sep 22, 2014, 08.07 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Eyeing 70 cash & carry stores in India by 2020: Walmart
The company believes the new government’s decision to not revoke multi-brand retail policy is a positive. It will now be focusing on its wholesale business for now.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Eyeing 70 cash & carry stores in India by 2020: Walmart
The company believes the new government’s decision to not revoke multi-brand retail policy is a positive. It will now be focusing on its wholesale business for now.
Post your opinion here
Special Show
After Japan and China, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is all set to head to United States of America to meet President Barack Obama. On the agenda are trade and investment. The US is disappointed with the fact that the BJP-led NDA government has said no to multi-brand retail and so far there is not much to say on the insurance bill as well because that hasn’t been cleared by the Parliament.
But US retail giant Walmart, which is operating in India in the midst of regulatory uncertainties, is looking beyond multi-brand retail in India and is and hopes to grow at 25-30 percent, says Krish Iyer, president and chief executive officer, Walmart. The company runs 20 cash-and-carry (wholesale) stores in the country and plans to take this upto 70 in 2020.
Iyer tells CNBC-TV18 that the company believes the new government’s decision to not revoke multi-brand retail policy is a positive and the company will now be aiming on the wholesale business.
Furthermore, buoyed by the potential of e-commerce in India and the success of its digital pilot, the company aims to launch two new e-commerce stores by Oct 1. Iyer adds that Walmart is about three months ahead of its e-commerce rollout target.
The company launched its online wholesale platform offering its service in Hyderabad and Lucknow . Currently, the company is engaged in cash-and-carry business in India. Last year the company called off its six-year partnership with Bharti Enterprises.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview
Q: Do you believe that the decision not to revoke the multi-brand policy just yet. While the government has made it absolutely clear that they will not clear any applications for multi-brand retail, they haven’t revoked the policy yet. Do, you see that as a window of opportunity, as a glimmer of hope?
A: Multi-brand retail is not really the focus that we have at present in the country. While we are certainly interested in that space we are watching the developments very carefully.
We do respect the governments position on this issue and whenever the time is appropriate I am sure the government will make it easier for foreign retailers to come in and make investments in that space.
Currently, we are completely focused on our cash and carry business.
Q: It is unfair for me to ask you about a possible timeline because this is a policy decision that he government of India will take a call on but do you feel at least more confident today the fact that the policy has not been revoked so far, that there is perhaps a glimmer of hope that it could be on the horizon in the future?
A: The fact that policy has not been revoked is a good thing. As far as the future developments are concerned, we will continue to study that space and see when it becomes feasible.
Q: You are going to be focused on the cash and carry business because that is essentially what you are allowed to do. Give me a sense of the kind of expansion that you have charted out for your self. I know that you have infused another Rs 600 crore odd towards both working capital and capacity expansion, give me a sense of how confident you feel about the India story now that we are actually seeing the economy pick up as well?
A: If you look at the Indian traditional trade and modern trade the penetration of modern trade in this USD 500 billion market is about 8 percent. Even outside India also in most markets in South East Asia particularly the modern trade penetration range is between 30-40 percent. So, even in India there is this huge opportunity of traditional trade which is continuing to grow. Over the next 5-6 years it has been estimated that the traditional trade will grow by about USD 140 billion. So, I see this cash and carry as a very lucrative and attractive space to be in. We propose to open 50 more stores in the next five years to take advantage of this opportunity.
We currently have 20 stores in nine different states, in 19 cities and going forward we will continue to expand in these existing states and cities as well as add a couple of new states.
Q: Do you believe that you will be able to stick to this timeline because in the past we have seen Wal-Mart aggressively talk about plans. We have seen a rollout execution plan that hasn’t really quite met the targets that were set out by the company but do you believe that you will be able to stick to this target that was set out of opening 50 new stores in the next five years?
A: We have been running the cash and carry business under the name of Best Price now for little over five years and we have understood the model the way it works. We have simplified the processes for opening of stores and we are encouraged by the response on the real estate side and we have been getting some good sites in different places.
So currently based on all the indications, I feel fairly confident that we will be able to achieve the numbers that we have been talking about. Our goal will be to see how we can, maybe, over deliver to some extent. 2020 vision certainly stands at 70 stores across India.
Q: What kind of additional investments will you need because as I pointed out you have just infused a little more than Rs 600 crore into the business for capital expenditure (Capex) as well as working capital requirements in order for you to be able to fulfil your 2015 and then your 2020 targets how much more will we see Wal-Mart having to invest in India?
A: Currently whatever has been infused, which is Rs 600 crore or USD 110 million that came in, along with our ability to borrow in the Indian market stands us in good stead. Financial resources are never the constraint. The big challenge will always remain the availability of quality real estate and we have the management bandwidth, we have the expertise available in our markets.
You probably may not be aware that the warehouse club concept which is similar to the cash and carry concept as well as the cash and carry buy itself is a business which Wal-Mart runs in US, Mexico, Chile, Brazil, China and clocks a turnover of about USD 65 billion.
So we have global expertise in the area and we do bring our global experts from time to time who work with our people in the country. So, we have all the resources that are needed to make it happen and financial resources are certainly the least of the worries for Wal-Mart.

Changes in Gabriel India boardHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Changes in Gabriel India board
Our Bureau
Tweet
Pune, Sept 19:  
Gabriel India Limited, a manufacturer of shock-absorbers and ride control products, has announced several changes in its board of directors.
Anjali Anand Singh is the new Chairperson, while Pradipta Sen and Dr. Arun Jaura have been inducted as Independent Directors in today's board meeting.
Pradipta Sen is the President for India, Middle East and Africa region of Emerson, and also sits on the boards of various Emerson subsidiary companies including Emerson Process Management India Pvt Ltd and Emerson Climate Technologies Ltd.
Arun Jaura is currently MD and Senior Partner, TRAKTION Mgmt Services Pvt Ltd and is also on the board of Directors of SAE International, USA and Chairman of SAE India Automotive board. He is also associated with various Industry and Government bodies.
Rajeev Vasudeva, HR Prasad and Gurdeep Singh step down from Gabriel India Board as independent members.
Apart from these new inductions, the board will also be filling up the vacancy created due to the resignation of Gurdeep Singh at its next board meeting.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Cipla shares climb after licensing rights to SalixCipla shares climb after licensing rights to Salix
Tibetans stage protest outside Taj PalaceTibetans stage protest outside Taj Palace
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 10:50 AM IST
Scores of Tibetans staged a protest this morning outside Hotel Taj Palace where Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife are staying.
Protesters carrying placards that read "Freedom is my birth right", "Freedom of Tibet, Security of India" raised anti-China slogans.
Some Tibetans also tried to enter the premises of the hotel, but police managed to prevent them from doing so.
"As the Tibetans refused to budge, scores of protesters have been detained by the police," said a senior police officer.
Security has been tightened around the hotel.
A group of Tibetans had yesterday staged a protest and clashed with police outside Hyderabad House, the venue for the bilateral talks between the Chinese President and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

No vote set to reawaken property marketNo vote to boost Scottish property dealmaking
By Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d4a1ec28-3f4f-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

This Rs 10-lakh shoe takes 9 months to makeStory
The Right fit, at a price
It is a shoe that takes nine months to make and, hold your breath, can set you back by a whopping Rs 10 lakh.
Arunima Mishra      Follow @Mishra_Arunima    Edition: Sept 28, 2014
Destination India: Thomas Collette, Commercial Director for Europe, Middle East and India at John Lobb, with 'By Request' shoes, launched in India in June.
"The John Lobb shoe is precious and travels from generation to generation. When a shoe costs more than Rs 1 lakh it's like a piece of jewellery," says Atul Nanda, a Delhi-based lawyer. Nanda has been a customer of the European shoemaker for the past 15 years, much before its debut in India in June this year with its 'By Request' service (it allows clients to customise shoes from available styles).
John Lobb's odyssey in India dates back to the early 1900s when members of Indian royal families were its clients. Owned by French luxury house Hermes Group, John Lobb has designed and custom made shoes for the wealthy and famous since 1866. Its customers in the past have included the likes of Frank Sinatra, George Bernard Shaw, Dean Martin and Aristotle Onassis, to name a few.
The 'By Request' service will allow clients to personalise their shoe within their global "JL Ready-To-Wear range", according to Thomas Collette, Commercial Director for Europe, Middle East and India at John Lobb. "However, what we call 'Specials' (exclusive models designed for a specific store or market) is something we love to offer to our clients, on top of our existing collections. As soon as we will know more about the market, no doubt we will be able to offer the same to India." The price of shoes in its 'By Request' range is between Rs 70,000 and Rs 7.5 lakh.
Made to order: The process of making Bespoke John Lobb shoes: (1) creating the wooden last.
The company is planning to scale up its India presence. It gradually plans to introduce its popular Bespoke (made to order) service in India. It allows customer to decide every detail, every colour about their footwear. "Introducing Bespoke in India is obviously on our mind. However, this offer will come at a later stage," says Collette.
designing a pattern.
John Lobb has been making Bespoke boots since its inception. In its Paris workshop, highly qualified craftsmen create unique shoes according to the customers requirements. Each pair of Bespoke shoes requires an average of 50 hours of work by craftsmen and the entire process takes about nine months.
It starts with a craftsman taking a series of foot measurements, while the client chooses the model, shape, type of leather, the height of the heel and other details. The client returns for a second appointment to try on a mock-up of the shoe. This allows the craftsman to further refine the last, a metal or wooden form over which a shoe is shaped. The final fitting and delivery of the shoe is done in the third meeting. Every pair created in the Bespoke workshop is designed to last several years. A John Lobb shoe is durable - it can be worn at least 7,000 times.
VIDEO: John Lobb offers timeless products
Indeed, a Bespoke shoe has a relatively complicated manufacturing process as compared with Ready To Wear (RTW) or By Request shoes. It has a specific last created for it -the shape of the foot is sculpted in hornbeam wood. "For RTW/By Request, we use existing lasts depending on the shoe style, and the size produced," says Saskia Porretta Menne, Sales and Marketing Coordinator for Europe, Middle East and India at John Lobb.
Making the shoe mould.
The Bespoke service doesn't have a fixed price. The final price depends on the style, leather and other specifications of the customer and can exceed Rs 10 lakh. "However, the starting price is Rs 5.5 lakh for a first pair of John Lobb Bespoke shoes," adds Menne.
John Lobb Bespoke shoes are an extension of the personality of the wearer. Pratik Dalmia, President, Regalia Luxury Retail (John Lobb's partner in India), says there's certainly a big market for the Bespoke service. John Lobb's By Request launch has exceeded its expectations in terms of orders from the clients, he says.
"The target customer for Bespoke is different from the customer who buys By Request shoes," adds Dalmia.
The finished product
THE MORE THE MERRIER
Many of John Lobb's global competitors - Maison Corthay, Berluti and Gaziano & Girling - have hardly any presence in India. But some of its rivals including Tod's, Zegna, and Gucci, do have limited operations in the country. While Tod's and Gucci operate at a similar price point as John Lobb, Zegna's "Made to Order" shoes are slightly more expensive. These luxury brands offer bespoke services mostly through workshops and events. These services are generally not offered through retail stores since they are targeted at the super-rich. Bespoke shoes are typically costlier than other categories, such as "by request" and "ready to wear".

Tibetans stage protest with anti-China slogans outside TajPalacePrint
Police detain Tibetan youth activists during a protest to highlight Chinese control over Tibet, outside the Taj Palace hotel where Chinese President Xi Jinping is staying, in New Delhi, Friday, Sept. 19, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 11:41 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 11:45 am
Scores of Tibetans staged a protest this morning outside Hotel Taj Palace where Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife are staying.
Protesters carrying placards that read “Freedom is my birth right”, “Freedom of Tibet, Security of India” raised anti-China slogans .
Some Tibetans also tried to enter the premises of the hotel, but police managed to prevent them from doing so.
“As the Tibetans refused to budge, scores of protesters have been detained by the police,” said a senior police officer.
Security has been tightened around the hotel.
A group of Tibetans had yesterday staged a protest and clashed with police outside Hyderabad House, the venue for the
bilateral talks between the Chinese President and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

HSBC initiates Jubilant Food with an overweightJubilant Foodworks gains; HSBC starts at "overweight"
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 10.43AM IST
Jubilant Foodworks Ltd gained 1.2 per cent after HSBC started coverage with an "overweight" rating and a price target of Rs 1,650.
()
Save precious time tracking your investments
Jubilant Foodworks Ltd gained 1.2 per cent after HSBC started coverage with an "overweight" rating and a price target of Rs 1,650. It said that the Jubilant's rapid expansion and revival in same-store growth provided it earnings momentum.
However, Jubilant shares pared earlier gains and were up 0.02 per cent at Rs 1254.10 at 9:46 a.m.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Google to boost Android encryption  joining AppleMotorola has launched a clever little key fob that can help find a missing phone and minimize the chance of misplacing the door key.
Google to boost Android encryption, joining Apple
AFP
San Francisco, September 19, 2014
First Published: 10:11 IST(19/9/2014)
print
Google and Apple on Thursday said they are hardening encryption tactics on devices powered by their mobile operating systems and tossing away the keys.
The move should mean that even the government with its court-issued warrants will be blocked from getting hold of pictures, messages and other personal data stored on forthcoming Android or Apple smartphones and tablets.
Google and Apple are among Internet titans intent on firming up trust shaken by revelations of massive online spying by US officials and by the recent hacking of celebrity iCloud accounts that exposed nude photos.
A Google spokesman told AFP that encryption is already offered for the Android system on smartphones and tablets, but will be turned on automatically in the upcoming version of software.
"For over three years Android has offered encryption, and keys are not stored off of the device, so they cannot be shared with law enforcement," the spokesman said in a statement.
"As part of our next Android release, encryption will be enabled by default out of the box, so you won't even have to think about turning it on."
Google has not said when the next update of Android is due for release.
Apple announced that its new encryption is built into the iOS 8 operating system available on the iPhone 6, which goes on sale Friday. It also can be installed on many existing iPhones and iPads.
Apple is essentially allowing people to lock iPhones, iPads or iPods using encrypted passwords without giving itself any keys.
"Your personal data such as photos, messages (including attachments), email, contacts, call history, iTunes content, notes, and reminders, is placed under the protection of your passcode," says the new policy on Apple's website.
"Apple cannot bypass your passcode and therefore cannot access this data. So it's not technically feasible for us to respond to government warrants for the extraction of this data from devices in their possession running iOS 8."
Internet spying scandal
Leaked documents from former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden have highlighted concerns about the role of major tech firms in government spying programs.
Internet titans including Facebook, Microsoft, Apple, Yahoo and Google have been campaigning for the freedom to let people know more about requests made under the auspices of anti-terrorism law that mandates such queries be kept secret.
Apple's chief executive Tim Cook said the company is dedicated to protection of personal data and that security at iCloud was beefed up after photos stored online were pilfered from celebrity accounts.
The Cupertino, California-based company insisted there was no breach of its cloud storage system, but that hackers used "targeted attacks" aimed at celebrities.
An Apple statement suggested that the celebrities had their accounts hacked by using easy-to-guess passwords, or by giving up their personal data to cybercriminals posing as Apple, a technique known as "phishing."
Companies say they are required to comply as best they can with legitimate court orders and other legal requests, but fight for people's privacy along the way.
"We have never worked with any government agency from any country to create a backdoor in any of our products or services. We have also never allowed access to our servers. And we never will," Cook said.
Privacy activists praise the effort and hope more Internet firms will follow suit.
"This is very awesome for privacy," Joseph Hall, chief technologist at the Washington-based Center for Democracy and Technology, said of Apple encrypting passwords.
"This is an important assurance for people. It's not security just some of the time, it's security all of the time."
Hall added that the move is "good for the industry because there is a real deficit of trust" after the celebrity photo hacking.
 
Outstanding issues
Marc Rotenberg, president of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, said it was "good news for Internet users."
But Rotenberg said other privacy issues still need to be addressed, notably how Apple handles personal data for its HealthKit system for fitness monitoring.
"The issue is the flow of user data to the app developers," Rotenberg told AFP. "Apple has created a platform that can allow for the transfer of sensitive medical data."
Jeffrey Chester at the Center for Digital Democracy also expressed caution.
"Apple at the moment is serving as a data collection 'middleman,' as it builds a new business as a financial and health data supplier," Chester said.

This television newsreader made an unfortunate error during Xi Jinpings state visit. She was sackedSaptarishi Dutta @saptarishidutta
September 19, 2014
Newsreaders tend to spend time learning and practising the correct pronunciation of foreign names. Regardless, being live on camera and keeping up with the teleprompter can cause jitters, and errors.
An English newsreader at state-run broadcaster Doordarshan had an embarrassing moment on Thursday, when Chinese president Xi Jinping arrived in New Delhi for his talks with prime minister Narendra Modi. She confused the Chinese leader’s family name—Xi—for the Roman numeral XI, and read out his name as “Eleven Jinping”.
The broadcaster lost no time in letting her go.
“It’s true, we have sacked the concerned newsreader. We are putting systems in place to make sure such things don’t happen in future,” Prasar Bharti CEO Jawahar Sircar told Quartz.
There are others who make this mistake. Fortunately for them, not while reading news for a massive live audience.
Huge hoardings and posters of Xi Jinping and Modi all over Ahmedabad.I always misread his name as Eleven Jinping.
— Saket Jha (@MightyJhaYoung) September 15, 2014
Late night bulletins at Doordarshan are usually read by casual news readers since the regular staff isn’t keen on working late hours. The casual news readers work on contract and are not on Doordarshan’s payroll.
India’s media routinely gets conventions on the names of East Asian leaders wrong. Reports can be replete with “ Mr Jinping said ” or “ Mr Keqiang said .”
Although China had initially said it will invest $100 billion in India, Xi announced  investments worth only $20 billion  over the next five years. The two countries will jointly work on railway universities, Chinese industrial parks and civil nuclear cooperation.
But this summit is memorable for the state broadcaster only for having contributed a stellar candidate to the annals of journalism bloopers.
Here is the correct pronunciation of the Chinese president’s name.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Hours after Modi-Xi meet  Chinese troops withdraw from IndianterritoryPrint
A file photo of tents erected by intruding Chinese troops inside Indian territory in Ladakh. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Leh/new Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:15 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 5:33 pm
After heightened tension in Chumar area in Northeast Ladakh for four days, Chinese troops began withdrawing from the Indian territory on Thursday night, official sources said.
Chinese troops started retreating into their territory from 9:45 PM, the sources said, adding that Indian army which was present also in large number in the area also started simultaneously reducing their presence in the area, about 300 km east of Leh.
The sources said that a vigil was still being maintained as the Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA) had camped just across the Line of Actual Control (LAC) and the situation would be reviewed tomorrow.
However, the stand-off in Demchok where Chinese nomads — Rebos — had pitched their tents continued for the 12th day today. The incursion in this area is nearly 500 metres deep into Indian territory, the sources said.
The Chinese nomads actively helped by the PLA have been protesting against an irrigation canal being built for the local villagers.
The standoff in Demchok and Chumar had cast a shadow on Thursday’s summit talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
The sources said that the Chinese side pushed in more troops before the break of dawn with more banners asking the Indian Army to leave the area. The number of Chinese troops had shot up to 600.
Chinese helicopters were seen hovering at least thrice during the day air dropping food packets for its troops, they said.
The Chinese side had been constructing a road on their side of LAC but on Sunday, its workers entered into Indian side to carry on the construction.
This was objected by the Indian side as Chinese workers were making assertions that they have instructions to build a road upto Tible, five kilometres deep into Indian territory, the sources said.
The Indian army asked the Chinese workers to leave as otherwise they would face prosecution under Indian laws of entering into the country illegally.
However, during the intervening night of Sunday and Monday, nearly 100 Indian soldiers were reported to have been encircled by 300 Chinese PLA men after which a face-off started.
India also rushed reinforcements to the area and were not allowing the Chinese troops to proceed further and also asking them to retreat to their side.
Both the Indian and Chinese armies were maintaining a distance of 200 metres from each other.
There was no flag meeting today and the decision to withdraw from the area was suo moto taken by the Chinese side, the sources said.
The two sides have held two flag meetings so far which included a marathon discussion yesterday that continued for several hours and remained inconclusive.
Chumar, the last village in Ladakh area bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a bone of contention with China claiming it to be its own territory and has been frequenting the area with helicopter incursions continued…

UN declares Ebola outbreak threat to peace andsecurityPress Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:11 pm
The UN Security Council has declared the Ebola outbreak in West Africa a threat to peace and security, with UN chief Ban Ki-moon deciding to deploy an “unprecedented” emergency health mission to combat the outbreak that has impacted the lives of millions.
In his remarks to the Security Council on Thursday, Ban said despite wide-ranging efforts, the spread of the disease is “outpacing” the response.
“No single government can manage the crisis on its own. The United Nations cannot do it alone. This unprecedented situation requires unprecedented steps to save lives and safeguard peace security. I have decided to establish a UN emergency health mission, combining the World Health Organisation’s strategic perspective with a very strong logistics and operational capability,” he said in the Security Council’s first emergency meeting on a public health crisis.
The international mission will be known as the UN Mission for Ebola Emergency Response, or UNMEER and would have five priorities of stopping the outbreak, treating the infected, ensuring essential services, preserving stability and preventing further outbreaks.
Under the leadership of a Special Representative of the Secretary-General, it will bring together the full range of UN actors and expertise in support of national efforts.
Ban said the goal is to have the mission’s advance team on the ground before the end of the month.
He said the mission’s effectiveness will depend crucially on support from the international community. “Our best estimate is that we need a 20-fold increase in assistance.”
The UN this week outlined a set of critical needs totalling almost a billion dollars over the next six months.
Ban spoke before the Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution, sponsored by 131 countries – more than any other sponsors of a resolution to date in the chamber – “determining that the unprecedented extent of the Ebola outbreak in Africa constitute a threat to international peace and security.”
Expressing concern about the detrimental effect of the isolation of Ebola-hit Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone as a result of trade and travel restrictions imposed on the affected countries, the Council called on member states, including of the region, to remove such restrictions imposed as a result of the outbreak and facilitate the delivery of assistance, including qualified, specialized and trained personnel and supplies to the affected countries.
Briefing the Council members, World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan said, “None of us experienced in containing outbreaks has ever seen, in our lifetimes, an emergency on this scale, with this degree of suffering and with this magnitude of cascading consequences.”
Chan said the WHO Ebola Response Roadmap outlines 12 critical actions.
“The fact that the US, the UK, China, Cuba and other countries are using a variety of assets, including military, speaks to the complexity of continued…

Aus uncovers plot to launch Mumbai-style terror attack on ParlPrint
Press Trust of India | Canberra | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:19 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 12:24 pm
Australia’s intelligence agencies have uncovered a plot by the Islamic State militants to launch a “Mumbai-style” terror attack on the parliament with Prime Minister Tony Abbott and other top officials being the prime targets.
Armed Federal Police officers have been deployed inside parliament here after fresh information emerged that suspected terrorists were planning an attack on the highest office.
“There will be armed federal police in and around our national parliament at all times,” Prime Minister Abbott told a press conference.
“Earlier this month I was advised of chatter among these terrorist networks of a potential attack on government, government people, parliament house,” he said.
He said he ordered an urgent security review in response which recommended tighter measures at parliament.
“I am concerned for the safety of the Australian people. It’s not about me… it’s about the safety of the Australian people,” he added.
The Daily Telegraph newspaper quoted intelligence sources as saying that “chatter” about parliament had been intercepted and they now held fears the building had already been “scoped out” for pre-planning of a “Mumbai-style” attack.
The chatter, intercepted by spy, police and counter- terrorism agencies, revealed talk about access to parliament.
Senior security sources have identified the most vulnerable entry point to the parliament was the entrance to the ministerial wing, which could be infiltrated by “taking out” two unarmed parliamentary security officers who represent the only sentry point to prevent instant access to the Prime Minister’s own courtyard.
From there a potential terrorist would have a direct line of sight into the Prime Minister’s office, the sources said.
The Federal Police was removed from the parliamentary security committee under the previous government in March last year, with the Department of Parliamentary Services taking over security at the building entrances.
“What we are concerned about is that there are thousands of people in that building including not only staff but MPs and members of the general public who visit on a daily basis,” an intelligence source said.
It is not yet established whether the plot is linked to the suspects netted in yesterday’s dramatic pre-dawn raids in Sydney and Brisbane in which a sinister plan by Islamic State jihadists to carry out public beheadings and circulate gruesome videos was uncovered, the report said.
Operatives of the Lashkar-e-Taiba carried out the attacks in Mumbai that killed 166 people in November, 2008.
I am concerned for the safety of the Australian people. It's not about me... it's about the safety of the Australian people.

Cameron: Will of Scottish people has been heardBritish Prime Minister David Cameron said he is “delighted” that Scotland’s referendum returned a no vote to independence from the United Kingdom.
“It would have broken my heart to see our United Kingdom come to an end,” he said.
Mr. Cameron defended the decision to go ahead with the poll, saying “it is right to take, and not to duck, the big decisions.” Now the will of the Scottish people has been heard, and “the debate has been settled for a generation,” he said.

Cipla up 2%  grants exclusive license rights to SalixSep 19, 2014, 12.11 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cipla up 2%, grants exclusive rights to Salix for drug
Under the agreement, Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights for certain patent applications in the ‘Rifaximin Complexes’ patent family controlled by Cipla.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cipla up 2%, grants exclusive rights to Salix for drug
Under the agreement, Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights for certain patent applications in the ‘Rifaximin Complexes’ patent family controlled by Cipla.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Cipla jumped 2 percent intraday on Friday after it has signed an agreement with Salix Pharmaceuticals, a US-based specialty pharmaceutical company.
Under the agreement, Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights for certain patent applications in the ‘Rifaximin Complexes’ patent family controlled by Cipla.
“The grant is on a worldwide basis, excluding the countries of Asia (other than Japan) and Africa. Salix is required to make an up-front payment and, upon achievement, additional regulatory milestone payments to Cipla in respect of the new license agreement regarding the Rifaximin Complexes patent rights. Salix also will pay a royalty on net sales of products covered by the Rifaximin Complexes patents licensed to Salix,” Cipla said in a statement.
However, Cipla is also among one of the companies which will face maximum brunt of the new price cuts announced by National Pharma Pricing Authority (NPPA).  The drug pricing regulator capped prices of 43 formulations, including antibiotics Ciprofloxacin, and diabetes drug Metformin extended release tablets.
At 11:29 hrs Cipla was quoting at Rs 626.50, up Rs 6.25, or 1.01 percent on the BSE.
 

Checkout FO strategies of Navneet DagaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Checkout F&O strategies of Navneet Daga
Watch the interview of Navneet Daga of KR Choksey Securities with Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his F&O strategies on Nifty and on few stocks.
Post your opinion here

Big Day for Apple s Plus-Sized PhonesAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Xi invites Modi to visit his hometown Xian in ChinaXi invites Modi to visit his hometown Xian in China
HCL Tech hits record highHCL Tech hits record high
Scotland s next step No independence but more powersScotland s next step No independence but more powers
British Scribe: New Media Tactic from Islamic State After Beheading BacklashBritish Scribe: New Media Tactic from Islamic State After Beheading Backlash
SPML gains 9%  may sell power road assets to raise fundsSPML gains 9%  may sell power road assets to raise funds
British PM says Scottish independence issue settled  for a generationBritish PM says Scottish independence issue settled  for a generation
Sensex Up 73 Points  Extends Gains For Third DaySensex Up 73 Points  Extends Gains For Third Day
GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares up  Scottish vote seen lifting EuropeGLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares up  Scottish vote seen lifting Europe
China to assist India in high-speed rail corridorsChina to assist India in high-speed rail corridors
Expect higher levels in HPCL  says Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect higher levels in HPCL, says Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com expects higher levels in Hindustan Petroleum Corporation.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " Hindustan Petroleum Corporation (HPCL) is positional trade. The day trade is going to be choppy. Crude went up for one or two days, we don’t count that because the trend is constantly down, we can all see that and the trend has resumed itself. It’s not just crude something else is also there in this oil marketing companies which I wouldn’t understand. But the charts are saying that much higher levels are coming in HPCL."
At 12:22 hrs Hindustan Petroleum Corporation was quoting at Rs 482, down Rs 4.45, or 0.91 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 491.30 and an intraday low of Rs 478.50.
RELATED NEWS

Larry Ellison steps down as Oracle chief executiveLarry Ellison steps down as Oracle chief executive
PTI
Tweet
San Francisco (US), Sept 19:  
Larry Ellison has stepped down as chief executive of Oracle, handing off the helm of the successful technology company he co-founded in 1977, the company announced.
Ellison, who recently turned 70 years old, will be replaced as CEO by in-house executives Safra Catz and Mark Hurd. Ellison will continue to have a hand in the California company’s operations as chief technology officer and executive chairman of the board.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Asian shares up  Scottish vote seen lifting EuropeAsian shares up, Scottish vote seen lifting Europe
Reuters
Tweet
Employees of a foreign exchange trading company displaying the Japanese yen's exchange rate against against the US dollar (top) in Tokyo on September 19, 2014. Sterling rose to a two-week high against the US dollar and two-year peak against the euro on Friday, taking comfort from early results of a Scottish referendum that indicated a break-up of the United Kingdom will be averted. Photo: Reuters
Tokyo, Sept 19:  
The British pound rose sharply after the Scottish independence vote indicated Scotland would remain in the United Kingdom, while Wall Street's overnight gains and Alibaba Group's red-hot initial public offering underpinned Asian shares.
The cheer was expected to spread to European bourses, where financial spreadbetters predicted Britain's FTSE 100 would open up by 78-79 points or 1.2 per cent; Germany's DAX was seen opening 70-72 points or 0.7 per cent higher; and France's CAC 40 was expected to rise by 13-14 points or 0.3 per cent.
"The old market adage of 'buy the rumour sell the fact' may still hold because if you're leaving it to this morning to buy on post referendum euphoria you may be getting in at the top," Capital Spreads dealer Jonathan Sudaria said in a note to clients.
Though the nationalists won Scotland's biggest city, Glasgow, they failed to meet expectations in other constituencies as the country spurned independence in its historic referendum.
Sterling rebounds
Sterling was last up 0.4 per cent at $1.6460 after rising as high as $1.6525, a marked turnaround from a 10-month low of $1.6051 touched just last week. The move helped push the dollar to a six-year high against the yen in cross trading, market participants said.
"This indirectly lifted the dollar against the yen, as sterling rose against the yen," said Masashi Murata, currency strategist for Brown Brothers Harriman in Tokyo.
Sterling rose more than two full yen against the Japanese currency to buy 180.66 yen, its highest since late 2008. It was last up 0.9 per cent at 179.70 yen.
MSCI index
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added about 0.2 per cent, supported by Wall Street's strong showing overnight, with both the benchmark S&P 500 and the Dow Jones industrial average setting intraday record highs. But the Asian index was still on track for a weekly loss of about 1.4 per cent.
Sentiment was also underpinned by news that Alibaba Group Holding priced its IPO at $68 a share, the top end of the expected range, raising $21.8 billion on Thursday in one of the largest-ever stock offerings.
Nikkei stock average
Japan's Nikkei stock average ended up 1.6 per cent at a seven-year closing high, giving it a 2.3 per cent gain for the week. Shares got a tailwind from a weaker currency as the dollar pushed to a new six-year high of 109.46 yen .
The Nikkei also got a lift after Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said he aims to carry out as soon as possible reform of the country's $1.2 trillion public fund, the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF), in a reshuffle seen as good for equities.
"It's mainly short-term hedge funds chasing the market higher today by buying futures and index-heavy weight stocks," said Norihiro Fujito, a senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities.
The dollar index, which tracks the US unit against a basket of six major peers, stood at 84.333, edging up on the day after it climbed as high as 84.743 on Thursday, its strongest level in more than four years.
The euro wilted about 0.1 per cent to $1.2906 after refreshing a 14-month low on Thursday, when it fell as low as $1.2834.
Geopolitical risks
Risk sentiment was tempered by geopolitical clouds on the horizon. The US Senate had on Thursday approved a bill requested by President Barack Obama to arm and train moderate Syrian rebels fighting Islamic State militants, which now goes to Obama to sign into law.
Obama said the strong bipartisan support showed Americans were united in the fight against Islamic State militants.
"The emergence of the militant group ISIS in Syria and Iraq, and recent increase in efforts to fight it, has ushered in a new era of geopolitical risk" in West Asia and North Africa, strategists at Barclays wrote in a client note.
"We think the stage seems set for a prolonged period of heightened regional uncertainty, with risks potentially spilling over into global oil markets and other economies and financial markets in the region," they said.
Brent crude, gold
Brent crude held below $98 a barrel on Friday, but was set for its first weekly gain in three on the possibility of lower OPEC output. Brent edged down to $97.63 a barrel, while US crude slipped slightly to $92.94.
Spot gold inched lower to $1,224.40 an ounce after touching $1,216.01 in the previous session, its lowest since January 2.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Bespoke trunks are back as luxury productStory
Trunk it up
Once synonymous with the Maharajahs and European elite, bespoke trunks are making a comeback as contemporary art and utility statements.
Sarika Malhotra      Follow @sarikamalhotra2    Edition: Sept 28, 2014
(Left to right) Priyank, Paritosh and Livio of Trunks Company, Jaipur
Sheikha Hessa Al-Thani, of the royal family of Qatar, visited India last year, and she took some unlikely items with her back home. Trunks. And eight of those.
During her stay at one of India's finest palace-turned-luxury hotels, Rambagh Palace in Jaipur, some objects caught her eye. Gelling with the unmistakable sense of history that transcends time, a couple of trunks were placed in the pristine white marble lobby of the hotel.
Placed next to them was a stack of visiting cards and a note that led the Sheikha to their craftsmen: Trunks Company, Jaipur. A series of trunks were commissioned by the Sheikha that ranged from steamers to customised jewellery trunks.
Eye catcher: A steamer trunk (flat-top trunk) at Rambagh Palace in Jaipur.
Ram Rathore, Director, Sales and Marketing, Rambagh Palace, says the high-profile guests who stay at the luxury hotel have been so intrigued with these trunks that they want to take them back as a memorabilia of their trip. What fascinates them is the fact that they can be customised as per their fancy, according to Rathore.
"It's a reflection of what the country can offer in terms of luxury and how customisation is India's forte. Very Indian in colours and scheme, and of international quality, these trunks get in a lot of inquiries from our guests," says Rathore.
Designed to last a lifetime, minute detailing goes in crafting a product to match a clients lifestyle, passion and preferences - from hand-picking leather and suede from Italy, to superior hand-carved teak, German brass accents and LED lights from Japan.
Once synonymous with the royalty and elite as their premium travel accoutrements in the 19th century, trunks are making a comeback with the well-heeled. International trunk makers such as LV, Goyard, ST Dupont and Pinel have recreated the magic of the bygone era of luxury travel to perfection.
In the domestic market though Trunks Company has little competition. Paritosh Mehta, Founder of Trunks Company, says that conventional trunks got lost because people no longer travel in ships. "Now, trunks are here to treasure possessions, reflect subtle aspects of the possessor's personality, and as installations for contemporary spaces as art pieces."
Indeed, the market for trunks is growing - from the small travel, watch, turban and shoe trunks to the big bespoke wardrobe, dressing, watch collectors, music, jewellery safe, rifle and sword, coin, bookshelf and bar trunks.
Mehta says that a substantial chunk of the trunks business is being commissioned through interior designers, from the likes of Pinakin Patel, Kiran Gala and Adil Ahmad among others.
Raising a toast: A bar trunk manufactured by the Trunks Company.
These designers are using the trunks as both utility and decor and lifestyle pieces. Early this year, Trunks Company was commissioned a bar trunk for actor Ranbeer Kapoor by interior designer Sussanne Khan.
Mehta has 40 craftsmen working on these customised handcrafted pieces. A special team takes care of the delivery and after-sales maintenance of these pieces. Mehta's core team includes brother Priyank and Livio Delesgues, a Frenchman who personally designs every trunk for the client.
The Mehta brothers were earlier leather goods exporters from Jaipur . A chance meeting with Delesgues led to the launch of the Trunks Company in 2011.
"We found trunks fascinating and wanted to recreate their magic and take them beyond travel needs," says Mehta.
Trunks are unique and not everyone possesses them, points out Mehta. "It's not like a sofa or a table. What the clients treasure in the trunks, makes them even more unique. Ninety-five per cent trunks are bespoke," he adds. The company had a turnover of Rs 2.3 crore in 2013/14. For bespoke pieces, depending on the size and preference of the customer, it takes one to three months for a trunk to be made.
Raising a toast: A bar trunk manufactured by the Trunks Company
Interior designer Adil Ahmad says the trunks made by Trunks Company are of the finest international quality and design and fit well in the affordable luxury segment ranging from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 15 lakh.
However, the small fashion trunks start from Rs 50,000 onwards. Ahmad is currently working on the interiors of the SUJAN Rajmahal Palace, Jaipur, and plans to use these trunks as mini bars and cabin trunks in the suites. These trunks are also increasingly been used as subtle decor accessories in the living rooms and bedrooms, beneath the console or bed side.
Manisha Mayur Shekhar, luxury marketing expert, says that these luxury vintage trunks are especially becoming popular among women to store their clothes, shoes, jewellery, watches, makeup, etc.
Trunks have made a comeback, especially as a part of wedding trousseaux. "Bespoke trunks are all the time in demand as an important luxury accessory but marriages seems to be a big market for these handcrafted luxury trunks. Indians prefer big extravagant trunks which are ideal for the wedding trousseaux," says Shekhar.
"The trunks are commissioned on the needs of a client. These may be used as gifts to the bride and groom or the close family, termed as 'dowry trunks'," she adds.
Shekhar estimates that in the marriage season demand for trunks goes up by five to six times.
"Rough estimates suggest that in the last five years, sale of luxury trunks in India has grown at 40-50 per cent annually."
No wonder, then, that Trunks Company has recently customised a 1800-kg safe trunk for a royal family to adorn 100 rings, 120 earnings and 40 necklaces.

BJP wants Modi to campaign  PM Modi has no timeBJP wants Modi to be star campaigner in state polls as well, but PM's schedule tight
Vikas Dhoot & BHAVNA VIJ AURORA, ET Bureau Sep 18, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
BJP
(How can a super-busy, hands-on…)
NEW DELHI: To comprehensively win Maharashtra and Haryana (polling on October 15), BJP needs Narendra Modi to be its star campaigner, party leaders involved closely with campaign strategy say, stressing that the setback in bypolls has made this even more necessary.
How can a super-busy, hands-on prime minister with a crucial foreign visit lined up find time to campaign extensively, ask senior government officials working closely with Modi. As BJP gets ready for the Maharashtra and Haryana campaigns, the tension between Modi, the star campaigner, and Modi, the PM, will be an important factor.
As BJP's PM candidate, Modi had addressed 440 election rallies in a 237-day period between September 15, 2014 and May 10, 2014 — that's an average of nearly two rallies every day. That extraordinary campaign by Modi, all political pundits agree, put BJP in power and made Modi prime minister.
Two rallies a day is out of the question, BJP leaders and government officials say, and party strategists say nothing close to this is being planned.
But even a moderated Modi-led strategy is not without stress points. Most BJP leaders and all officials who spoke to ET for this story did so on the condition they not be identified.
One senior BJP leader familiar with campaign strategy said, "Bypoll results just reinforce that only a Modiwave works for BJP. But the flip side is that leadership at state-level needs to be strengthened... Modi possibly cannot campaign extensively now." This leader, however, said getting charismatic state leaders to take on the burden of campaigning is not easy. "In UP, our problem is that the state unit has no attractive face...and we want to win in 2017...we have to depend on the PM...at least for some time."
Another leader contended that even as Gujarat chief minister, Modi never campaigned for bypolls so there was no question of his doing so for the round of bypolls whose results were declared on Tuesday. "But our performance shows we need him," the leader said.
BJP leaders said no plans have been drawn up for exact number of campaign appearances by the PM. But that the party knows what it needs. BJP spokesperson and in-house psephologist GVL Narasimha Rao said, "BJP has to focus on finding a way to leverage Modiji's unparalleled popularity to swing elections in states. It's a challenge and we shall overcome it," he said. "These are important elections and Modiji will be our star campaigner," Rao added. Most senior government officials, some of whom work closely with the PM on different issues, however, are sceptical that the PM will find the time to be a real star campaigner.
  "The PM returns to India after his official visit to the US around October 2... with barely ten days left before campaigning stops for these state polls," said an official, adding that the PM personally monitors follow-up actions related to his overseas visits. "This happened after Japan, Nepal and Bhutan trips...how will the US trip be different," this official said. "It gives him very little time before campaigning stops." Officials also said Modi's working style and his hands-on approach make it difficult to spare a substantial number of hours for campaigning.
"He's in his South Block office by 8.45 am, he's already put in an hour of work at least before that in his 7 RCR residence... and his working day can extend to very late at night," one official who closely works with the PMO said.
"He's hands-on on many decisions... the PMO is now the focal point for all major policies, cabinet agenda and appointments...ministries often look for directions from the PMO," another official said. "Given this style of working, taking out...let's say...20-30 hours over a 10-day period for campaigning in two states can mean a huge backlog of work," this official said.
Another senior official was even more sceptical about Modi's extensive involvement. "The PM's focus remains firmly on fixing the mess he inherited from UPA and there's a lot that needs to be done. His eye is on a five to ten year horizon and he would like to be seen hard at work instead of campaigning full-time for the party," this official said.
That's not what BJP, a little more anxious now about Maharashtra, as party strategists admit, wants to hear.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US to press India on trade row during PM Modi s Washington visitGreenert said at a military conference he was hoping for "clarity" on US military sales and cooperation with India when Modi visits.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
WASHINGTON: The United States said on Wednesday it will press India's new prime minister to end his blockage of a global trade pact when he visits Washington this month, something that could dampen the mood of a trip aimed at revitalizing strategic ties.
US Assistant Secretary of State Nisha Biswal said India "does itself a discredit" by blocking the Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) reached in Bali last year, rekindling a dispute that overshadowed an Aug. 1 meeting between US Secretary of State John Kerry and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi.
In a conference call previewing Modi's Sept. 29-30 visit to Washington for a first meeting with President Barack Obama , Biswal said the World Trade Organization agreement to ease worldwide customs rules would "certainly" be a topic for conversation.
"We've made our position very clear, which is that while we are very sympathetic to the food-security concerns the prime minister has voiced, we do believe that the trade facilitation agreement is a very, very important agreement," she said.
In late July, India torpedoed the deal after demanding concessions on agricultural stockpiling.
Biswal said the stance "undermines India's interests as well as the interests of ... many developing countries and emerging economies.
The top US naval officer, Admiral Jonathan Greenert, meanwhile, expressed hopes of expanding a security relationship with India that has failed so far to live up to Obama's billing as "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st Century."
Greenert told reporters on Wednesday at a military conference he was hoping for "clarity" on US military sales and cooperation with India when Modi visits.
"Some of our cooperative measures in that regard have sort of stalled," he said at the Naval War College in Newport, Rhode Island.
Greenert said the United States was keen to ramp up joint exercises to again include carrier and submarine operations. "We haven't done that in a little while," he said. "I'd like to get back on that track."
In spite of enthusiastic US rhetoric about Modi's visit, it remains unclear what it will achieve.
A key aim will be to clear the air. Before Modi became prime minister he was barred from visiting the United States after Hindu mobs killed more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, in 2002 while he was chief minister of his home state of Gujarat.
Biswal has played down expectations of quick progress on bilateral issues, not least when it comes to opening up India's civilian nuclear sector to US firms, which is hindered by their concerns about India's liability laws.
She said there were still "tough issues to be worked through" on the nuclear issue.

Maruti voting to allow Suzuki to own Guj plant likely in NovMaruti voting to allow Suzuki to own Gujarat plant likely in November
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:19 IST
Photo: Reuters
Maruti Suzuki India on Thursday said voting by minority shareholders over its move to let parent Suzuki Motor own and invest in Gujarat plant will likely happen in November instead of October as earlier envisaged.
"It is a long procedure and we have not been able to put all the things in place. So we won't be able to do it in October. It is highly probable that the voting will be in November," Maruti Suzuki India Chairman R C Bhargava said on the sidelines of a conference on Public Affairs here.
Earlier, at an Assocham conference, when asked about the shareholders nod in this regard Bhargava said: "We have not finalised that. October will not be possible. Time is not adequate for that".
In March, under pressure from institutional investors, Maruti had decided to seek minority shareholders' approval after tweaking some of the earlier proposals for the controversial Gujarat plant.
The company needs 3/4th of the minority shareholders, who hold 44 per cent stake, to approve the proposal through a special resolution.
Responding to a question on resignation of Mayank Pareek at the Assocham event, the chief operating officer (marketing and sales) of Maruti Suzuki India (MSIL), Bhargava said: "I am not sure why it is such a newsworthy story because senior colleagues have been leaving the company all the time? This is part of the way what happens in all companies".
Regarding the impact of Pareek's resignation on Maruti's shareholders, Bhargava said: "I think Maruti is not a company which is run by individuals. It is a company which is run by systems and processes.
"It certainly would be incorrect to believe that shareholders invest because of persons. I think they invest because of what a company is and how it is run and what the systems are".
When asked on Pareek's replacement, Bhargava said: "I am sure the management will be looking for a replacement. I am not in the management.
On Pareek's new assignment, he said: I don't know where Mr Pareek is going he has not told us about his new job"
Maruti Suzuki India's marketing and sales head Mayank Pareek yesterday quit the company after nearly 20 years of service at the country's largest carmaker.
Meanwhile, Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete who was also present at the Assocham event, assured his government's full support to the automotive industry and asked the sector to take advantage of Japan's technological expertise, especially in view of stronger Indo-Japan relations after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recent visit to that country.

Tibetans protest as Chinese President Xi Jinping visits Indiapicture  others
Tibetans protest as Chinese President Xi Jinping visits India
Tibetan protestors hold a protest against Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India on Thursday (September 18). (Source: Express photo by Oinam Anand)
A Tibetan woman protestor on KG Marg during the protest against Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Oinam Anand)
Tibetan stage protest against Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Oinam Anand)
Exiled Tibetan residing in New Delhi stage a protest against Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Oinam Anand)
Tibetan protestors put up banners on a electricity poleline near the Taj hotel in New Delhi on Thursday, as Chinese President Xi Jinping meets with Indian PM Narendra Modi in New Delhi. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Tibetan protestors put up banners on a electricity pole near the Taj Hotel in New Delhi on Thursday, as Chinese President Xi Jinping meets with Indian PM Narendra Modi in New Delhi. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal
A huge banner of 'Tibet Now' is displayed on the pole near the hotel where Chinese President is staying in New Delhi. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Tibetan protestors on climb an under construction Metro bridge near the hotel where Chinese President is staying in New Delhi. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
A Tibetan protestor puts up banners on a electricity pole.  (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
As Xi Jinping held talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, exiled Tibetan spiritual leader Dalai Lama today hailed the Chinese President as "open-minded" and "realistic" and said he can learn from India.
Dalai Lama at Y B Chavan Center in Mumbai on Thursday. (Source: Express photo by Pradeep Kocharekar)
The praise for Xi from an unlikely quarter came even as the 79-year-old Buddhist monk said the contentious border issue between India and China should be resolved through understanding and not by use of force.  (Source: Express photo by Pradeep Kocharekar)
Related

Amelio Childcare in pact with CSCUpdated: September 18, 2014 19:00 IST
Amelio Childcare in pact with CSC
Special Correspondent
The Hindu CEO Sridevi Raghavan and Director Raghavan Jawahar, Amelio Child Care. Photo: N. Ramakrishnan
TOPICS
merger, acquisition and takeover
Chennai city-based Amelio Childcare has inked a 5-year deal with CSC (Computer Sciences Corporation), a global IT Services company with over 20,000 employees in India, to set up an onsite childcare facility within the CSC campus at Madras Export Processing Zone in Tambaram.
Amelio provides high quality onsite child care solutions to IT/ ITES and BPO companies. Amelio Childcare will offer pre-school, day-care and post-school solutions initially to around 35 children, including infants aged between six months and one year. The Amelio childcare facility set up within MEPZ campus of CSC will have exclusive infant rooms, well-designed classrooms, CCTV systems to monitor the children, a centre-manager room, and a kitchenette.
Raghavan Jawahar, Director, Amelio Childcare, said, "The setting up of onsite childcare facility is expected to provide a lot of comfort and relief to working mothers allowing them to focus on work, and grow within the organisation."
Amelio will inculcate among these children the art of practicing ‘immersive learning’ through a theme- based approach exposing them to various age-appropriate activities in the process taking care of all aspects of a child’s early development, including physical, cognitive, social, emotional, and language.
According to Sridevi Raghavan, Co - Founder and CEO, Amelio Childcare, stand-alone childcare centers will continue to be a key focus area. However, onsite childcare facilities in partnership with large companies will be a growth driver in the future, she said. "We are currently in discussions with other leading IT and BPO companies to set up onsite childcare facilities," she added.
Amelio was founded by Ms. Sridevi, an MBA graduate from Harvard, and Mr.Raghavan, an entrepreneur. Amelio
provides customised onsite day-care solutions to companies, and is dedicated to providing high quality employer-sponsored early childhood education and day-care services.
Amelio is also looking to expand the engagement with CSC nationally to other locations of CSC in India.

Chinese demand for gold slumpsChinese demand for gold slumps
By Neil Hume and Gabriel Wildau
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9f34ed8-3f38-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Top 5 most-desired home improvementsTop 5 most-desired home improvements
Caption Dream kitchen
Armstrong
According to the survey, couples agreed that a dream kitchen would make their marriages the happiest.
According to the survey, couples agreed that a dream kitchen would make their marriages the happiest. (Armstrong)
Caption Bigger yard
Chuck Schmidt/Getty
A bigger yard was the renovation with the second highest number of votes. Couples also agreed a bigger yard would make their kids happier, rather than a bigger house.
A bigger yard was the renovation with the second highest number of votes. Couples also agreed a bigger yard would make their kids happier, rather than a bigger house. (Chuck Schmidt/Getty)
Caption Finished basement
Brandon Barre/McClatchy-Tribune
Couples again had their children and themselves in mind when they said a finished basement would contribute to the happiness of their families.
Couples again had their children and themselves in mind when they said a finished basement would contribute to the happiness of their families. (Brandon Barre/McClatchy-Tribune)
Caption His & hers walk-in closets
Myefski Cook Architects, Inc.
15.23 percent of participants say his & hers walk-in closets would make their marriages the happiest. Of the 1,001 females surveyed, after a dream kitchen, this was next highest on their list.
15.23 percent of participants say his & hers walk-in closets would make their marriages the happiest. Of the 1,001 females surveyed, after a dream kitchen, this was next highest on their list. (Myefski Cook Architects, Inc.)
Caption Man cave
Ryland Homes
While the "man cave" received the least praise overall, it was the most-voted-for renovation by male participants.
While the "man cave" received the least praise overall, it was the most-voted-for renovation by male participants. (Ryland Homes)
Home Improvement
What home improvement would make your marriage happier?
Couples overwhelmingly agreed that a “dream kitchen” would make their marriages the happiest, according to a recent survey of 2,000 homeowners conducted by HSH.com. Following the dream kitchen, couples had their children and themselves in mind saying a bigger yard and a finished basement were next on their wish list.
Here are the results:

M&B gains on leisure tie-up speculation© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/57bbc006-3f51-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba IPO prices at top of range at $68 per share  raising $21.8 billionAlibaba IPO prices at top of range at $68 per share, raising $21.8 billion
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 04.52AM IST
Alibaba prices IPO at $68 per share
Alibaba prices IPO at $68 per share
Alibaba's IPO is the third-largest ever behind Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's record $22.1 billion listing in 2010 and ICBC's $22 billion flotation in 2006.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Alibaba Group Holding priced its initial public offering at $68 a share, the top end of the expected range, raising $21.8 billion on Thursday, in the latest sign of strong investor appetite for the Chinese e-commerce juggernaut.
At that price, the IPO, one of the largest-ever, would give Alibaba a market valuation of $167.6 billion, surpassing American corporate icons from Walt Disney Co to Boeing Co. The offering also vaults it atop US e-commerce rivals like Amazon and eBay and gives it more financial firepower to expand in the United States and other markets.
"I'd put them (Alibaba) in a class of Facebook and Google with the scale they have, growth prospects and profitability," said Scot Wingo, CEO of e-commerce software provider ChannelAdvisor . "There's a scarcity value there."
An Ipsos poll conducted for Thomson Reuters found that 88 per cent of Americans had never heard of the Chinese e-commerce company, which is responsible for 80 per cent of online sales in the world's second largest economy and works with a number of businesses there including consumer online marketplace Taobao and payment service Alipay.
But that didn't sap enthusiasm among multiple large US institutions, including Blackrock, which put in orders for allocations of at least $1 billion in shares, according to the sources.
Between 35 and 40 institutions placed orders for $1 billion or more shares each, investors briefed on the matter said.
Keen to buy into China's rapid growth and evolving Internet sector, investors have been clamoring to get shares since top executives at Alibaba, including Ma, kicked off the road show last week.
"It was one of the more impressive IPO presentations," said Jerry Jordan, manager of the $48 million Jordan Opportunity Fund . "I didn't realize just quite how successful they are."
Based on the amount raised so far, Alibaba's IPO is the third-largest ever behind Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's record $22.1 billion listing in 2010 and ICBC's $22 billion flotation in 2006.
If underwriters exercise an option to sell more shares, as many expect, Alibaba's will surpass both Chinese lenders to become the largest-ever. Alibaba and certain other shareholders also granted underwriters a separate 30-day option to buy up to an additional 48 million shares.
Many investors reported difficulty in getting the full allocation of shares they were aiming for.
John Boland, president of Maple Capital Management in Montpelier, Vermont said he had put in orders for about 5,000 Alibaba shares on behalf of high net worth individuals and institutions and had been told the offer was oversubscribed and that they would probably not get the full order.
"Beating the rush doesn't count in this game," Boland said.
Alibaba's revenue surged 46 per cent in the April to June quarter on strong gains in its mobile business, with net income attributable to its shareholders nearly tripling to $1.99 billion, or 84 cents a share.
Ma, who founded the company in a one-bedroom apartment, will have a paper fortune worth some $14 billion, vaulting him into the ranks of tech billionaires like Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos . The deal is also expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of the company's managers, software engineers and other staff.
In addition, it allows cornerstone Alibaba investors like Japan's Softbank and Yahoo to profit from their foresight in getting in on the ground floor at the e-commerce giant. Yahoo is selling some $8 billion worth of shares in the offering, leaving it with a 16.3 per cent stake. Softbank is not selling for now and will be left with a 32 per cent stake, making it the largest single shareholder.
The successful IPO sets the stage for Alibaba shares to make their debut on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday, with many investors and analysts betting that there is still room for a substantial first-day jump in the shares.
One investor said that the IPO's underwriters, who include Credit Suisse Group AG, Citigroup Inc and Goldman Sachs Group Inc, were hoping for a first day "pop" of 10 to 15 per cent. That's about in line with the norm for IPO debuts, whose underwriters typically seek an increase large enough to signal healthy demand but not so much so that it looks like the company and its investors "left money on the table."
Other big Chinese Internet stocks have performed well in US markets, including Baidu Inc, whose shares rocketed 354 per cent on their first trading day in 2005.
Underwriters on the Alibaba deal also include Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co, with Rothschild, which does not have underwriting operations, advising Alibaba on the deal.
Still, concerns that an opaque corporate governance structure and Ma's outside investments will stymie minority investors' rights could limit the upside around the deal.
"Rarely in history has there been an IPO of this size for a company that we know less about," Senator Bob Casey, Democrat of Pennsylvania, said in a statement on Wednesday. "I continue to be concerned that about the level of transparency from Chinese firms listing in our markets."
Alibaba is selling 320 million shares, equivalent to about 13 per cent of the company's capital. Nearly two thirds of those shares are being sold by existing shareholders including Ma, who will reap $867 million.

Bill Gates to BJP: Take unpopular measures to accelerate growthBill Gates
(Bill Gates also pushed for…)
NEW DELHI: Billionaire Bill Gates on Thursday called on the BJP government to take unpopular steps to accelerate growth , while pushing for an increase in the country's healthcare spend.
"For the overall economy to grow, India needs to do unpopular things — do things that are good for the country. What good is a mandate if you can't do unpopular things," said the founder of Microsoft and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, who is in India this week.
On healthcare spending, Gates said, "A few things are still unclear...when push comes to shove, health budgets will need to go up. It will be interesting to see if that goes up."
His wife and co-founder of the eponymous Foundation, Melinda Gates, said, "We are enthused with the Modi government. They will roll out four new key vaccines across India and that is huge. Nearly 1.4 million children die every year and this rollout will help a lot to bring down disease and improve health."
In an indirect reference to the government's Jan Dhan Yojana scheme, which aims at financial inclusion, Bill Gates said, "It's good that more people have bank accounts, but quality of those accounts also needs to improve."
The Foundation was created in 2001 and started work in India in 2003. It is the world's largest foundation with an endowment of around $40 billion. Since it started work in India, the foundation has spent $1 billion on projects including HIV/AIDS prevention, polio eradication, tuberculosis, educating couples on family planning and sanitation. The power couple was in conversation with author Chetan Bhagat.
When asked about the Indian government targeting NGOs, Gates said, "It does not hurt us, but the FCRA (Foreign Contribution Regulation Act) approval process is long."
On being asked what made Gates opt for philanthropy and not start another company after Microsoft, Gates said: "In terms of a new path, Microsoft had a huge impact. Philanthropy also has a huge impact, but in a different dimension. We saw that a lot of the diseases were neglected by governments. And lot of the rich world didn't have those diseases. Here we saw very unique opportunity to intervene."
Gates said the generation that begins a business doesn't believe in dynasty, but once fortune is passed down in a dynastic manner, it's hard to stop." That's like thinking the best way to get Olympic teams is to get grandchildren of winners sixty years ago to play — it doesn't work that way. Fortunately, the trend now is in favour of philanthropy," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bill Gates shares Modi vision of affordable toiletsBill Gates shares Modi vision of affordable toilets
Sanchita Sharma , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 18, 2014
First Published: 22:02 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:03 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
Microsoft-founder Bill Gates, 58, is the world's richest man with a fortune of $76 billion.
Bill Gates, the co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, speaks to HT in an exclusive interview, in New Delhi, on Thursday. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
Having stepped down as chairman and then turning to a "technology adviser" for Microsoft's new CEO Satya Nadella, he now spends his time trying to save people from preventable death.
It's not easy, but the impatient optimist and co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has a plan. Funding the fight against polio was a small part of it.
Gates speaks to health editor Sanchita Sharma about the things that excite him, things that annoy him, and the optimism that keeps him going.
What keeps bringing you back to India?
Over 20% of the world's children are born here, and over 40% of them don't get a full set of vaccines. About 40% grow up without full physical and mental development. The opportunity to understand what tools could be invented and what systems could be used to improve these things excites us.
The world is close to having a computer in every home. Are we moving fast enough in getting a toilet in every home too?
Actually, making toilets either at the community or household-level and having them affordable and attractive - which in the case of toilets implies that they don't smell badly - that's a tough challenge.
If you were to go to every city in India and get piped clean water for every toilet in every home and a pipeline that treat the water, you're talking about literally hundreds of billions of dollars.
And yet, we should be able to create a toilet design that doesn't require all that, something that chemically treats the waste in such a way that the smell and the disease-causing properties are eliminated, and that too economically. In fact, some of the designs generate extra energy, and even act as chemicals for fertilisation that is completely clean. So, there is a lot of excitement around innovation in that space.
Watch: Bill Gates on healthcare in India, Modi's efforts and more
You're meeting Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday. Will you discuss toilets and sanitation with him?
The PM has enunciated some fantastic goals in sanitation and financial services. He held a discussion about adding new vaccines very quickly. So really, sitting down and saying, we want to help with goals that you have already enunciated, and be a good partner for delivering those things across all of India - I think that will be a key topic of conversation.
How can technology scale up low-cost innovations to reach those who need it the most?
The poor are lacking vaccine coverage, and we can certainly use the tools to make sure that the workers are coming in, the supply chain is working, and if they are serving everybody who comes to these clinics. Technology can also be used to watch how the money is moving, to see where it is going, and where the money should go. Digital tools make it easy to keep track of what's getting done.
Do you think India is looking after its mothers and children?
India has made a lot of progress in the last decade, and so a lot less children and mothers are dying now. But there is still a substantial gap left.
Things like stunting - India is not really doing as well for its children as it should. And when you allow these children to be stunted, you're also holding back their mental development. What is India's primary resource? Why is everybody, including us, so excited about the future of India? It's because of its people...  Between fixing health and fixing education, that's where India can really achieve these really high growth rates, and find itself in a very different situation 10-15 years from now.
Your foundation donated $50 million to fight against Ebola. How would the money be used?
We're spending about $20 million on tools, which are drugs, vaccines and diagnostics. We've given $15 million to global partners and $15 million to local partners. I'm getting many emails every day asking whether things are going well, whether they're not going well. We and others would give even more if we see that it is needed.
Do you discuss diarrhoea and toilets with your kids over dinner?
We kinda joke about it. 'Do you guys want to hear about our Foundation work?' Another joke is about, "Hey, your father is going to visit sex workers in India." And how many family conversations are about, 'what did you see when you visited the red-light district, father? What stories did you hear?'
How far is the world from polio eradication?
I've spent a lot of time on the issue. Until Ebola came along, I received more emails on that than any global health thing.
We're hopeful that within the next year, we'll see the last case in Nigeria. The quality of their campaign keeps improving and it feels a lot like the time when India got close. Pakistan is the other place... There's some progress in terms of getting into Waziristan. They are hopeful, but if we have to guess right now, it's not quite clear. Pakistan right now would possibly be the last place (for polio).
What are the two qualities that drive success?
I think you have to learn a lot of things and look at a lot of cases where things went well and didn't go well. We have to be pretty analytical about it and ask what happened there. We need to ask ourselves what the opportunity is to change things.
What do you do to unwind?
I play tennis, I have three kids. Melinda and I just took our 18-year-old daughter to university on Tuesday. After we said goodbye to her, we flew to India. We do a lot with our children, we have a 12-year-old and a 15-year-old too.

Obama likely to pick Richard Verma as ambassador to IndiaBarack Obama
Reuters | Washington | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:30 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 9:16 am
President Barack Obama is expected to nominate a former State Department official, Richard Verma, to be the new US ambassador to India, just ahead of a visit to Washington this month by new Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, a congressional source said on Thursday.
Verma, an Indian-American, served as assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs at the State Department in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2011. He is currently a senior counselor at the Steptoe & Johnson law firm and the Albright Stonebridge Group, a business advisory company led by former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
The Congressional source, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the nomination was expected to be confirmed by the White House on Thursday.
If his nomination is confirmed by Congress, Verma will replace Nancy Powell, who resigned in March after a damaging dispute over the treatment of a junior Indian diplomat, Devyani Khobragade.
Khobragade was arrested and strip-searched in New York last year, an incident that took the US-India relationship to its lowest ebb in a decade. The US Embassy in New Delhi is currently headed by a charge d’affaires, Kathleen Stephens.
Modi is due to visit Washington on September 29-30 for a trip aimed at revitalising ties. He was denied a visa to the United States in 2005 after Hindu mobs killed more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, in 2002 while he was chief minister of his home state of Gujarat.

Ad blitz: Bhelpuri boost for HUL s Pepsodent...You are here: Home > Collections > Hul
HUL gets Mumbai vendors to wrap bhelpuri in leaflets featuring Pepsodent ad
Sagar Malviya, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 07.10AM IST
Tags:
bhelpuri
(HUL has tied up with around…)
MUMBAI: When Vishal Thakkar bought four packets of bhelpuri from a roadside vendor in Mumbai late last month, they all came wrapped in similar green colour papers with children's drawings and messages about brushing teeth and fighting germs, bringing a smile to his face. Only when he found the same eye-catching design on the paper cone in his next 'chaat outing' did Thakkar realise it wasn't a coincidence.
It was part of a marketing campaign by Hindustan Unilever for its oral care brand Pepsodent. India's largest consumer products firm has tied up with around 48 bhelpuri walas across Mumbai, asking them to wrap their popular roadside snack in leaflets of Pepsodent's campaign about fighting germs and brushing twice a day.
"The idea was, 'how can we spread the oral care message to adults in a manner that is relevant for them?' Bhel is a popular evening snack and that is the time to tell adults to brush twice a day," said Atul Sinha, category head for oral care at HUL. Marketing experts say such initiatives create a bigger impact than promoting brands through paid media channels.
"At a very low cost, you get high recall and people talk about it. So the engagement quotient is high too," said Alpana Parida, president at brand strategy firm DY Works. She considers HUL's initiative as part of 'earned media', which means creating a buzz by virtue of your own action.This is not the first time HUL has come up with such an innovative idea to take its message directly to consumers.
A year ago, at the Kumbh Mela, it stamped 'Did you wash your hands with Lifebuoy?' message in Hindi onto millions of rotis in a campaign that was awarded the Grand Effie as well as Bronze Lion at Cannes earlier this year.
Last year, Coca-Cola came out with its 'Small World Machines' campaign that allowed consumers in a mall in New Delhi to interact with those in a mall in Lahore through high-tech Coca-Cola vending machines with 3D touchscreen, and it followed it up with a commercial with visuals of some of these interactions.
HUL started its Pepsodent campaign about brushing twice a day early last year. It teamed up with over 1.5 lakh kids across schools who expressed their creativity through paintings to promote the message. The leaflet distributed through bhelpuri walas carries one of these paintings.
Now, HUL plans to launch an advertisement based on the whole campaign, from tying up with schoolchildren to using the leaflets for wrapping bhelpuri. The company plans to launch this commercial digitally before airing it on television, hoping that it will go viral.
Hindustan Unilever has been trying to improve its share in the Rs 6,000-crore oral care market , which is dominated by Colgate with market share of 54.3%. HUL is a distant second with roughly 24% share. The sector is seeing increased competition and aggressive advertising spends, especially after the entry of Procter & Gamble.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India concerned about religious radicalism along Nepal border: Rajnath SinghE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nirmala Sitharaman s baggage lost on Air India flight on way to AustraliaSep 19, 2014 at 09:57am IST
Nirmala Sitharaman's baggage lost on Air India flight on way to Australia
27
0
Melbourne: Union Minister of State for Commerce and Industry Nirmala Sitharaman has become the latest victim of misplaced baggage on an Air India flight as her checked in luggage went missing on her way to Australia.
"Landed in Sydney to take a connecting flight to Cairns. My checked in luggage not traceable," Sitharaman tweeted after landing in Sydney in the morning.
She is travelling to Cairns to attend G20 meeting of finance ministers and central bank governors on the weekend.
Sitharaman is travelling to Cairns to attend G20 meeting of finance ministers and central bank governors on the weekend.
#nirmala sitharaman #air india #air india flight #australia
An hour later, she tweeted, "On board my connecting flight to Cairns. All my formal wear in the lost suitcase! Not sure I can buy Saris in Cairns! Situation precarious."
Air India Manager Madhu Mathen later said the lost baggae has been traced and it will be reaching Cairns in next six hours.
G20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors meeting is scheduled to be held in Cairns and expected to be attended by delegates, their families and staff from 24 countries and 12 international organisations, such as the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and the United Nations.
Landed in Sydney to take a connecting flight to Cairns. My checked in luggage not traceable. :( :(
— Nirmala Sitharaman (@nsitharaman) September 18, 2014
On board my connecting flight to Cairns. All my formal wear in the lost suitcase! Not sure I can buy Saris in Cairns! Situation precarious!
— Nirmala Sitharaman (@nsitharaman) September 18, 2014
29

Gloom gathers among Scotland Yes votersGloom gathers among Scotland independence campaigners
By Mure Dickie in Edinburgh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/58fe9e46-3fb2-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba prices IPO shares at $68  raises $21...Alibaba IPO prices at top of range at $68 per share, raising $21.8 billion
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 04.52AM IST
Alibaba prices IPO at $68 per share
Alibaba prices IPO at $68 per share
Alibaba's IPO is the third-largest ever behind Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's record $22.1 billion listing in 2010 and ICBC's $22 billion flotation in 2006.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Alibaba Group Holding priced its initial public offering at $68 a share, the top end of the expected range, raising $21.8 billion on Thursday, in the latest sign of strong investor appetite for the Chinese e-commerce juggernaut.
At that price, the IPO, one of the largest-ever, would give Alibaba a market valuation of $167.6 billion, surpassing American corporate icons from Walt Disney Co to Boeing Co. The offering also vaults it atop US e-commerce rivals like Amazon and eBay and gives it more financial firepower to expand in the United States and other markets.
"I'd put them (Alibaba) in a class of Facebook and Google with the scale they have, growth prospects and profitability," said Scot Wingo, CEO of e-commerce software provider ChannelAdvisor . "There's a scarcity value there."
An Ipsos poll conducted for Thomson Reuters found that 88 per cent of Americans had never heard of the Chinese e-commerce company, which is responsible for 80 per cent of online sales in the world's second largest economy and works with a number of businesses there including consumer online marketplace Taobao and payment service Alipay.
But that didn't sap enthusiasm among multiple large US institutions, including Blackrock, which put in orders for allocations of at least $1 billion in shares, according to the sources.
Between 35 and 40 institutions placed orders for $1 billion or more shares each, investors briefed on the matter said.
Keen to buy into China's rapid growth and evolving Internet sector, investors have been clamoring to get shares since top executives at Alibaba, including Ma, kicked off the road show last week.
"It was one of the more impressive IPO presentations," said Jerry Jordan, manager of the $48 million Jordan Opportunity Fund . "I didn't realize just quite how successful they are."
Based on the amount raised so far, Alibaba's IPO is the third-largest ever behind Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's record $22.1 billion listing in 2010 and ICBC's $22 billion flotation in 2006.
If underwriters exercise an option to sell more shares, as many expect, Alibaba's will surpass both Chinese lenders to become the largest-ever. Alibaba and certain other shareholders also granted underwriters a separate 30-day option to buy up to an additional 48 million shares.
Many investors reported difficulty in getting the full allocation of shares they were aiming for.
John Boland, president of Maple Capital Management in Montpelier, Vermont said he had put in orders for about 5,000 Alibaba shares on behalf of high net worth individuals and institutions and had been told the offer was oversubscribed and that they would probably not get the full order.
"Beating the rush doesn't count in this game," Boland said.
Alibaba's revenue surged 46 per cent in the April to June quarter on strong gains in its mobile business, with net income attributable to its shareholders nearly tripling to $1.99 billion, or 84 cents a share.
Ma, who founded the company in a one-bedroom apartment, will have a paper fortune worth some $14 billion, vaulting him into the ranks of tech billionaires like Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos . The deal is also expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of the company's managers, software engineers and other staff.
In addition, it allows cornerstone Alibaba investors like Japan's Softbank and Yahoo to profit from their foresight in getting in on the ground floor at the e-commerce giant. Yahoo is selling some $8 billion worth of shares in the offering, leaving it with a 16.3 per cent stake. Softbank is not selling for now and will be left with a 32 per cent stake, making it the largest single shareholder.
The successful IPO sets the stage for Alibaba shares to make their debut on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday, with many investors and analysts betting that there is still room for a substantial first-day jump in the shares.
One investor said that the IPO's underwriters, who include Credit Suisse Group AG, Citigroup Inc and Goldman Sachs Group Inc, were hoping for a first day "pop" of 10 to 15 per cent. That's about in line with the norm for IPO debuts, whose underwriters typically seek an increase large enough to signal healthy demand but not so much so that it looks like the company and its investors "left money on the table."
Other big Chinese Internet stocks have performed well in US markets, including Baidu Inc, whose shares rocketed 354 per cent on their first trading day in 2005.
Underwriters on the Alibaba deal also include Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co, with Rothschild, which does not have underwriting operations, advising Alibaba on the deal.
Still, concerns that an opaque corporate governance structure and Ma's outside investments will stymie minority investors' rights could limit the upside around the deal.
"Rarely in history has there been an IPO of this size for a company that we know less about," Senator Bob Casey, Democrat of Pennsylvania, said in a statement on Wednesday. "I continue to be concerned that about the level of transparency from Chinese firms listing in our markets."
Alibaba is selling 320 million shares, equivalent to about 13 per cent of the company's capital. Nearly two thirds of those shares are being sold by existing shareholders including Ma, who will reap $867 million.

TCS surges over 3% to make new record high @ 2 700; stock is seen returning 22% moreYou are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
TCS hits fresh record high, hits 2700; top gainer on BSE & NSE
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 11.08AM IST
Tags:
beneficiary
(TCS was trading 2.6 per cent…)
NEW DELHI: Tata Consultancy Services Ltd rose as much as 2.8 per cent in trade on Friday to hit its fresh 52-week high of 2711 and was also the top percentage gainer on both BSE Sensex and 50-share Nifty index.
At 09:50 a.m.; TCS was trading 2.78 per cent higher at Rs 2710. It has hit a low of Rs 2638.05 and a 52-week high of Rs 2711 in trade today on the BSE.
TCS was trading 2.6 per cent higher at Rs 2711. It hit a low of Rs 2642 and a 52-week high of Rs 2713 in trade today on the NSE.
According to experts, TCS is a prime beneficiary of growing demand for offshoring and stands as the leading digital vendor. As the industry embarks on a new technology spending cycle, they expect TCS to enjoy sector-leading revenue and earnings growth.
Earlier in the week, CLSA which has a 'buy' rating on the stock raised their target price to Rs 3,200, 21x one-year forward earnings, which translates into an upside of nearly 22 per cent from Thursday's closing price of Rs 2636.65.
"Improving market conditions and a period of secular growth is likely to drive this multiple, in-line with multiples TCS saw in its earlier growth periods during 2005-07 and 2010-11," added the report.
Global IT services market continues to expand even as global sourcing is becoming mainstream. Technology intensity is rising across all industries and digital is the latest example.
The management said that demand is intact and better than previous year though Cognizant has pointed out client specific issues. Expect FY15 to be a better year than FY14, and 1HFY15 to be better than 2HFY15, highlighted the CLSA report.
Earlier in the month, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), India's largest information technology services provider, announced its board of directors had re-appointed N Chandrasekaran as the chief executive officer and managing director (CEO & MD) for five years.
TCS has rallied over 25 per cent so far in the year 2014 and analysts see more upside in the next 12 months as well. The much debated hike in US interest rates is also helping most of the IT stocks .
The growth pick-up in the United States & Europe and weak rupee against the US dollar has been the key drivers for the Indian IT exporters.
"In case the interest rates scenario in the US turns around and dollar strengthens, this augurs well for the IT companies and it is always insulated from inflationary pressures," said Gaurang Shah, VP, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services .
"If you are risk averse , you can definitely look at names like TCS. You may get a conservative return of 25-30 per cent, but at least you have a stable investment," he added.
Shah is of the view that those with risk-on mode can definitely look at small and midcap names across the sectors because most of these names are definitely performing well.
FEATURED ARTICLES

GTL Infra up 5% on tower sharing deal with Reliance JioSep 19, 2014, 11.10 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GTL Infra up 5% on tower sharing deal with Reliance Jio
Reliance Jio Infocomm and GTL Infrastructure (a Global Group enterprise and engaged in the business of shared passive telecom infrastructure in India) signed a master services agreement (MSA) for tower infrastructure sharing, said the company in its press release.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GTL Infra up 5% on tower sharing deal with Reliance Jio
Reliance Jio Infocomm and GTL Infrastructure (a Global Group enterprise and engaged in the business of shared passive telecom infrastructure in India) signed a master services agreement (MSA) for tower infrastructure sharing, said the company in its press release.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  GTL Infrastructure was locked at 5 percent upper circuit on Friday after the company signed tower infrastructure sharing deal with Reliance Jio Infocomm, a subsidiary of Reliance Industries .
Reliance Jio Infocomm and GTL Infrastructure (a Global Group enterprise engaged in the business of shared passive telecom infrastructure in India) signed a master services agreement (MSA) for tower infrastructure sharing. This was announced in a joint press release issued on Thursday..
GTL Infra, together with Chennai Network Infrastructure (CNIL), has a combined tower portfolio of more than 27,800 towers spread across 22 telecom circles in India that serve all major telecom operators. The company has a pan India tower portfolio that is balanced across key growth regions of metros, and B and C class circles.
"We are happy to be partnering with a leading 4G player like Reliance Jio. The launch of 4G networks and the rise in the consumption of data services is a growth driver for tower companies, and we at GTL Infra are geared up to capture the opportunity," said Charudatta Naik, CEO, Global Group.
At 10:51 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 3.16, up 4.98 percent on the BSE. There were pending buy orders of 1,707,565 shares, with no sellers available.
Disclosure: Reliance Industries (which owns Reliance Jio) has acquired management control of Network18, which owns TV18 Broadcast and moneycontrol.com 
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Pound Rises as Scotland Votes to Stay in UKAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

GMR Infrastructure gains over 2% on Nepal dealYou are here: Home > Collections > Nepal
GMR plan for $1.4 billion hydroelectric plant in Nepal; stock up over 2%
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 09.44AM IST
Tags:
Cabinet Minister
(The Nepalese government…)
NEW DELHI: GMR Infrastructure Ltd rallied as much as 2.1 per cent in trade on Friday after Nepal's centre-left cabinet on cleared the way for Indian firm GMR to build a $1.4 billion hydroelectric plant in the northwest of the country, a cabinet minister said, the Himalayan republic's biggest foreign investment scheme.
At 09:40 a.m.; GMR Infrastructure was trading 1.5 per cent higher at Rs 23.30. It hit a low of Rs 23.10 and a high of Rs 23.45 in trade today.
The Nepalese government agreed to allow GMR in 2008 to construct the 900-megawatt Upper Karnali hydroelectric power plant in the northwest, Reuters reported.
"Officials said GMR and another Indian firm, Satluj Vidyut Nigam , plan to construct other hydroelectric plants in Nepal with a potential to generate up to 42,000 megawatts of electricity," said the report.
As per the report, the GMR plant, set for completion in 2021, will provide 12 percent energy free to Nepal to ease a crippling power shortage and help its economy emerge from a decade-long civil war that scared away investors and slowed infrastructure projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

From $100bn to $20bn: What the missing billions say about Sino-India relationshipComments
China’s consul-general in Mumbai throws around a figure of $100 billion in investment over the next five years. His president, Xi Jinping, signs agreements that total only $20 billion. The explanations for this curious gap are a metaphor for why the Sino-Indian relationship will never go beyond a certain point.
“The $100 billion figure was never an official number. The csul-general was perhaps imagining what could happen,” a Chinese embassy official said. Indian diplomats scoff at the idea a Chinese official would offer a figure without approval far up the food chain.
The $100 billion seems to have largely designed to overshadow the $35 billion five-year plan announced by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Xi’s failure to even rhetorically match the initial expectations about his trip underlines two elements of China’s attitude to India.
Read: After Modi-Xi meeting, China pulls back troops from Ladakh
One, Beijing is short term about India. During the Depsang intrusion, a senior Indian official spoke of China’s “great power autism” – how it would let small things undo all the good things it had accomplished.
Over 80% of Indians mistrust China: an older generation because of 1962, a younger one because of Beijing’s belligerence. Talking one number and walking a smaller one will reinforce what many Indians say in private: “You can’t trust the Chinese.”
Two, China tends to treat India better when a powerful third country is cosying up to New Delhi. Xi has good reasons to seek better ties with India. He needs infrastructure markets for his over-sized capital goods manufacturers.
But Beijing does not see India, a messy democracy with an economy one-fourth China’s, as being in the same league. Before they officially take power, Chinese leaders visit the countries they see as big leaguers. Xi did not come here.
Japan’s wooing of India is a key reason China is all sweetness and light on the economic front. Indian negotiators of the 2006 border agreement say they got a good deal because of their then close ties with the US.
That Xi did not feel he even needed to match what Abe had offered was a sign of that this has yet to change with China. “This was the only surprise in the trip,” said a Japanese diplomat. And a sobering reminder for India.

US man shoots six grandchildren  daughter; kills self in front of copsUS man kills six grandchildren, daughter
AFP
A man killed his daughter and six grandchildren, the youngest just three months old, in a mass shooting at a house in the US state of Florida on Thursday.
The shooter, identified as Don Charles Spirit, 51, then killed himself, said Gilchrist county sheriff Robert Schultz.
The oldest child was age 11.
Officials work on NW 29th Terrace near the scene of the shooting on Thursday in Florida. (AP Photo)
"I haven't seen anything like this at all," Schultz, who was visibly shaken, told reporters.
"This county, this community is going to be devastated from this. It is a small county, we are all family here.
"We're asking for prayers for this community and the families involved."
Spirit had contacted emergency services saying that he was considering harming himself and others, but when police arrived at the home in the small town of Bell, his daughter and young grandchildren were all dead, police said.
Spirit reportedly killed himself while police were there.
In an incident later ruled an accident, Spirit shot and killed his nine-year-old son during a 2001 hunting trip, the Tampa Bay Times reported.
The child died instantly from a bullet wound to the head, caused by Spirit's rifle going off while he cleaned rust from the barrel, the paper said.
Thursday's grisly episode is sure to revive passionate debate about gun ownership in the United States, where 11,000 people were murdered by gun violence in 2011, according to FBI figures.
A Gilchrist County sheriff's deputy lowers the yellow tape to let vehicles through at the scene of the shooting on Thursday in Florida. (AP Photo)
However firearms-control activists face fierce opposition from America's powerful pro-gun lobby, which staunchly opposes any effort to limit any restriction of the second amendment of the US Constitution, which protects citizens' rights to own guns.
US President Barack Obama tried and failed to introduce a ban on assault weapons and to require more stringent background checks for gun buyers after the Newtown massacre in which 20 children and six adults were killed in December 2012.
The measures foundered against the strong support for gun rights in the US Congress and the power of the firearms lobby.
The National Rifle Association and other gun groups then mounted a successful counter-campaign, warning members that the US government was bent on taking guns away.
US school shootings have become a periodic tragic occurrence in recent years, generally generating public debate on gun control in their aftermath.
The topic was once again in the US news last month, when a nine-year-old girl learning to fire an Uzi submachine gun accidentally killed her instructor when she lost control of the powerful weapon.

How Islamic State uses Syria s oil to fuel i...How Islamic State uses Syria's oil to fuel its advances
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 11.47AM IST
"Islamic State makes not less than $2 million daily that allows them to pay salaries and maintain their operations," said a former Western oil executive.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
AMMAN: In an oil field in northeastern Syria, a queue of trucks lines up daily to load crude sold cheaply by Islamic State militants who have hijacked parts of the country's energy industry in their bid to build a caliphate.
Sales at Shadada field, described by an oil trader, are just one example of how the group, which has seized land in war-torn Syria and neighbouring Iraq , is creating its own economy through a series of pragmatic trades.
It is cutting deals with local traders and buyers, even businessmen who support Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and some of its oil has made its way back to government buyers through a series of middlemen.
"Islamic State makes not less than $2 million daily that allows them to pay salaries and maintain their operations," said a former Western oil executive who worked in a foreign oil firm operating in Syria before the crisis and who is familiar with the nascent oil market.
The United States, which has been bombing Islamic State positions in Iraq, has said it is prepared to extend the campaign into Syria, which has been racked by civil war for more than three years, and has said it will train more than 5,000 Syrian rebel fighters to counter the advancing group.
But oil sales mean Islamic State, an al Qaeda splinter group, can rely less on foreign donations and attract more recruits and supporters with its newfound wealth, something that is likely to make the group harder to stamp out in Syria.
Islamic State has taken oil fields from Western-backed Syrian rebels and the government in recent months and is believed to control hundreds of wells, depriving Assad's government of a major source of income.
Damascus says Syria's production fell to an average of 28,000 barrels per day (bpd) in 2013 from 164,000 bpd in 2012. Oil sales made up nearly a quarter of state revenues before the war. The government says it has lost $3.8 billion in stolen oil because of the conflict.
Boosted by arms seized in neighbouring Iraq, Islamic State has consolidated its grip on the eastern oil-producing area of Deir al-Zor in recent months, coming closer to the north east, where the largest oil wells are controlled by Kurdish militias.
It is estimated to have taken control of hundreds of small wells in Deir al-Zor that produced around 130,000 bpd of mostly light crude, according to a senior oil engineer now working in Damascus.
Half of Syria's estimated pre-war production of 380,000 bpd in 2011 was located in Hasaka province, which the Kurds took control of in mid-2012 as Assad's forces relocated westwards to fight Sunni Muslim rebels in Aleppo.
If Hasaka were eventually to fall to Islamic State, the group will have control of nearly all of the country's installations.
However, the group has yet to fully exploit the fields it already holds due to a lack of technical expertise. The main fields it controls - Shadad, al Omar, Tenak and Ward - were once mostly operated by international oil companies.
But Royal Dutch Shell Total and Petro Canada have long since abandoned the area, making full use of the fields a formidable challenge.
"Many wells were shut down and foreign firms withdrew and the equipment was looted by rebels, who emptied warehouses," said one former oil executive with a foreign company.
Few people with technical expertise remain in Islamic State areas. In Kurdish-held territory many staff have remained, and some still get their salaries from Damascus's oil ministry.
Page 1 of 2

Street @ noon: 20 stocks experts are betting onYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex rangebound; here's what experts are betting on
ET Now Sep 19, 2014, 11.42AM IST
Tags:
ashish
(Nifty index rallied over…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 135 points in trade in Friday, led by gains in TCS, Infosys, Reliance, Sun Pharma and Wipro .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index rallied over 40 points to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8150, supported by gains in pharma, power, realty, capital goods and IT stocks.
At 3:06 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,110.48, down 1.73 points.
The Nifty was at 8,127.20, up 12.45 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Tata Consultancy Services Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2800 and a stop loss of Rs 2650
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1720 and a stop loss of Rs 1650
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2840 and a stop loss of Rs 2600
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2440
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 145 and a stop loss of Rs 137
Tata Elxsi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 750 and a stop loss of Rs 635
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 320 and a stop loss of Rs 297
CNX IT is a 'BUY' call with a target of 11450 and a stop loss of 11140
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2525 and a stop loss of Rs 2460
Dabur India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 236 and a stop loss of Rs 222
Grasim Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3790 and a stop loss of Rs 3620
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 355 and a stop loss of Rs 343
Force Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1070 and a stop loss of Rs 975
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 141 and a stop loss of Rs 137
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
Escorts Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 165 and a stop loss of Rs 158
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 154 and a stop loss of Rs 147
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2450
Ashish Chaturmohta, Head Technical & Derivatives Desk Research, Fortune Equity Brokers (India) Ltd
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2440
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3850 and a stop loss of Rs 3680
Arvind Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 350
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Eyeing richer valuations for Syngene before listing: BioconI am totally in sync with the concept of a price ceiling but the way it is arrived at is where I have an issue
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw
CMD
Biocon
Biocon  is up 2 percent intraday after India Value Fund Advisors bought 10 percent stake in Syngene via Silver Lead Oak (Mauritius) for Rs 380 crore. Speaking to CNBC-TV18, CMD Kiran Mazumdar Shaw says that International Diabetes Federation (IDF) has given a very good benchmark valuation to Syngene and this puts the company on the right track as it approaches the listing timeframe.
After the latest stake sale, Syngene is now valued at Rs 3,800 crore.
The pharma research and development company is looking for richer valuations for Syngene before listing. Various private equity (PE) funds have shown interest in Syngene, adds Shaw.
Meanwhile, Shaw believes the process adopted by National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) to add drugs under price control list is disappointing. According to her, NPPA must consult shareholders, pharma manufacturers and researchers before adding any drug to its price control list.
The NPPA on Thursday widened its ambit by adding new strengths of 43 drugs under price control, out of which majority drugs are from anti-infectives.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Biocon is up after India Value Fund Advisors buys stake in Syngene. Can you give us more details of whether the stake is just caped at 10 percent or would you be negotiating to sell more in Syngene now?
A: This is part of our strategic development plan as we approach the listing of Syngene. So this is a very good benchmark valuation that International Diabetes Federation (IDF) have given Syngene and this puts us on the right track as we approach the listing timeframe. So this allows us to start the process of moving towards the listing now. So that is part of the very important development plan that I talked about.
Q: If you could explain the rationale, you sold the stake first and you bought it back and now you are selling it again?
A: GE invested in Syngene and did very well out of that investment, got a very good return on that investment. But for us it was important to set a valuation benchmark which has been provided by IDF and this is all part of the development plan which has been approached in a very systematic way.
Now that IDF has invested in Syngene which has also been historically a very important investor for Biocon because it invested in Biocon in 2003 prior to us going public and so, this again sets a very good valuation benchmark with which we can now approach the whole listing process with a lot of confidence.
Q: Where does the listing process stand at this point in time? When can we see it moving more proactively may be even filing a Draft Red Herring Prospectus (DRHP) and could we expect that in FY15? What would be the total valuations that you would look at? Syngene is currently valued at Rs 3,800 crore, how much would you possibly look to list or dilute your stake in?
A: We are looking for a much bigger valuation for Syngene given the nature of its business and the robust growth that it has demonstrated over the last few years and a very good pipeline that it has at the moment. So, we are looking for a much richer valuation when we take it to the market.
As far as the process is concerned, we have not yet mandated bankers, we have not yet filed our prospectus. So, it will take some time but it will happen in near future.
Q: Will FY16 be a fair assumption?
A: I would not like to give any exact date but it is going to take place in the near future so you can estimate whatever you want.
Q: The entire buyback of GE capital stake and now the selling of this particular stake of 10 percent was all a part of the strategic plans. So when you bought back the GE capital stake was this stake sale already planned on the cards?
A: There were ongoing discussions with several interested equity investors but we did opt for IDF because we had a very good track record with them. They have been historic investors in Biocon and so, it was a part of the overall plan.
Q: Any additional stake that you would look to dilute to any other private equity firm or maybe IDF itself if in case you do get incremental interest or higher valuations?
A: Not at this stage. This part of the plan is complete and you will have to wait for the next process.
Q: We had news on the NPPA last evening, your thoughts on the additional 19 drugs being added to price control?
A: I have always had a problem with the way NPPA is going about price control. I just believe that there has to be stakeholder consultation and I am really disappointed that industry which is the main stakeholder of the pharmaceutical production and manufacture and cost of manufacturing is not being consulted the way it should. So that is where I have a real problem with the way NPPA is going about price control and bringing more and more products under the price ceiling.
As far as price ceiling is concerned, I am totally in sync with the concept of a price ceiling but the way it is arrived at is where I have an issue.
Biocon stock price
On November 21, 2014, Biocon closed at Rs 457.60, up Rs 3.70, or 0.82 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 553.70 and the 52-week low was Rs 364.15.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 20.14 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 22.72. The latest book value of the company is Rs 120.89 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.79.
RELATED NEWS

Jawan injured in ambush in AssamSep 19, 2014 at 11:04am IST
Jawan injured in ambush in Assam
7
0
Sibsagar: A jawan was seriously injured in an ambush by ULFA(I) militants at Kanobari in Assam's Sibsagar district on Friday.
The militants exploded two IEDs between two tea gardens at Kherbari Tiniali when jawans of the 4th Rajput Regiment were moving in three trucks to Naharkatia at about 7.30 AM, police officials said.
One jawan was seriously wounded and has been hospitalised. A truck was also damaged in the explosion, they said.
One jawan was seriously wounded and has been hospitalised. A truck was also damaged in the explosion, official said.
#assam #sibsagar #terrorists #army
The IEDs were exploded by remote control as long wires were found in the area. A bag was also recovered from the spot, but its contents would be known after bomb experts examined it.
Many tea bushes of the tea gardens on both sides of the road were burnt under the impact of the explosion, they said.
The local people claimed that the sound of the blast could be heard about half a km away.
The Paresh Baruah-led ULFA (I) in an email to the media claimed responsibility for the blast.
0

Crude oil futures decline to Rs 5 623 per barrelCrude oil futures decline to Rs 5,623 per barrel
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
Crude oil futures prices fell 0.39 per cent to Rs 5,623 per barrel today, as speculators reduced their exposure amid a weak trend in the Asian trade.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery in October was down by Rs 22 or 0.39 per cent to Rs 5,623 per barrel in 1,159 lots.
Similarly, the oil for September delivery moved down by Rs 20 or 0.35 per cent to trade at Rs 5,652 per barrel in a volume of 1,614 lots.
Analysts said the trading sentiment was weak at the futures trade after oil prices edged lower in Asia under pressure from a supply glut and a strengthening US dollar.
Meanwhile, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil for October delivery was down 20 cents at $92.87 a barrel, while Brent North Sea crude eased 15 cents to $97.55 per barrel in mid-morning trade on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Gold futures down at Rs 26 615 per 10 gmGold futures down at Rs 26,615 per 10 gm
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
Gold prices fell 0.17 per cent to Rs 26,615 per 10 gram at the futures trade today as participants reduced their positions largely with a weak trend overseas amid subdued demand at the domestic spot market.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in October eased by Rs 44, or 0.17 per cent to Rs 26,615 per 10 gram in a business turnover of 419 lots.
Also, the metal for delivery in far-month December shed Rs 40 or 0.15 per cent to Rs 26,823 per 10 gram in 28 lots.
Market analysts said the weak trend in the overseas market, where gold retreated to an eight-month low as the Federal Reserve raised its interest-rate forecasts, strengthening the dollar and dampening the demand for bullion as an alternative investment, weighed on precious metal at the futures trade here.
Globally, gold fell 0.21 per cent to $1,222.20 an ounce in Singapore. It had dropped to $1,216.03, the lowest since January 2 in yesterday’s trade.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Tech Mahindra gains on pact with BoschTech Mahindra gains on pact with Bosch
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 11:47 AM IST
Tech Mahindra has gained by over 2% to Rs 2,478 after the company announced that it will work with Bosch Software Innovations to develop an ecosystem to offer solutions for smart cities with billions of things inter-connected via the Internet.
Tech Mahindra Digital Enterprise Solutions group Head Rishi Bhatnagar will work with Bosch Software Innovations, the software and systems house of the Bosch group, to develop proof of concepts and solutions on developing connected solutions for smart cities, enterprises and smart homes.
By 2022, about 14 billion devices are expected to be connected directly or indirectly with the Internet, Tech Mahindra said in a statement.
The stock opened at Rs 2,430 and hit a high of Rs 2,488 so far on the BSE. Over 3 lakh shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.

Archies zooms after private firm buys 2 lakh sharesArchies zooms after private firm buys 2 lakh shares
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 11:28 AM IST
Archies zoomed over 12% to Rs 34.45, after hitting a 52-week high of Rs 35.30 on the BSE, following acquisition of the company's shares by a private firm through a bulk deal on the National Stock Exchange.
Torero Capital Private Ltd acquired 200,000 shares of Archies at an average price of Rs 30.20 per share through a bulk deal on Thursday , data on the National Stock Exchange showed
Recently, the company announced that it has revamped its, e-commerce platform, archiesonline.com, making it more user friendly and in line with the existing Indian ecommerce websites to attract customers.
The stock opened at Rs 32 and hit a high of Rs 35.30 so far on the BSE. Over 3.7 million shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.

Jawan injured in ambush inAssamPress Trust of India | Sibsagar | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:21 pm
A jawan was seriously injured in an ambush by ULFA(I) militants at Kanobari in Assam’s Sibsagar district on Friday.
The militants exploded two IEDs between two tea gardens at Kherbari Tiniali when jawans of the 4th Rajput Regiment were moving in three trucks to Naharkatia at about 7.30 AM, police officials said.
One jawan was seriously wounded and has been hospitalised. A truck was also damaged in the explosion, they said.
The IEDs were exploded by remote control as long wires were found in the area. A bag was also recovered from the spot, but its contents would be known after bomb experts examined it.
Many tea bushes of the tea gardens on both sides of the road were burnt under the impact of the explosion, they said.
The local people claimed that the sound of the blast could be heard about half a km away.
The Paresh Baruah-led ULFA (I) in an email to the media claimed responsibility for the blast.

Australia uncovers plot to launch Mumbai-style terror attack onParliamentPrint
Press Trust of India | Canberra | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:19 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 12:24 pm
Australia’s intelligence agencies have uncovered a plot by the Islamic State militants to launch a “Mumbai-style” terror attack on the parliament with Prime Minister Tony Abbott and other top officials being the prime targets.
Armed Federal Police officers have been deployed inside parliament here after fresh information emerged that suspected terrorists were planning an attack on the highest office.
“There will be armed federal police in and around our national parliament at all times,” Prime Minister Abbott told a press conference.
“Earlier this month I was advised of chatter among these terrorist networks of a potential attack on government, government people, parliament house,” he said.
He said he ordered an urgent security review in response which recommended tighter measures at parliament.
“I am concerned for the safety of the Australian people. It’s not about me… it’s about the safety of the Australian people,” he added.
The Daily Telegraph newspaper quoted intelligence sources as saying that “chatter” about parliament had been intercepted and they now held fears the building had already been “scoped out” for pre-planning of a “Mumbai-style” attack.
The chatter, intercepted by spy, police and counter- terrorism agencies, revealed talk about access to parliament.
Senior security sources have identified the most vulnerable entry point to the parliament was the entrance to the ministerial wing, which could be infiltrated by “taking out” two unarmed parliamentary security officers who represent the only sentry point to prevent instant access to the Prime Minister’s own courtyard.
From there a potential terrorist would have a direct line of sight into the Prime Minister’s office, the sources said.
The Federal Police was removed from the parliamentary security committee under the previous government in March last year, with the Department of Parliamentary Services taking over security at the building entrances.
“What we are concerned about is that there are thousands of people in that building including not only staff but MPs and members of the general public who visit on a daily basis,” an intelligence source said.
It is not yet established whether the plot is linked to the suspects netted in yesterday’s dramatic pre-dawn raids in Sydney and Brisbane in which a sinister plan by Islamic State jihadists to carry out public beheadings and circulate gruesome videos was uncovered, the report said.
Operatives of the Lashkar-e-Taiba carried out the attacks in Mumbai that killed 166 people in November, 2008.
I am concerned for the safety of the Australian people. It's not about me... it's about the safety of the Australian people.

Australia uncovers IS plot to attack ParliamentArmed Federal Police
("There will be armed federal…)
CANBERRA: Australia's intelligence agencies have uncovered a plot by the Islamic State militants to launch a "Mumbai-style" terror attack on the parliament with Prime Minister Tony Abbott and other top officials being the prime targets.
Armed Federal Police officers have been deployed inside parliament here after fresh information emerged that suspected terrorists were planning an attack on the highest office.
"There will be armed federal police in and around our national parliament at all times," Prime Minister Abbott told a press conference.
"Earlier this month I was advised of chatter among these terrorist networks of a potential attack on government, government people, parliament house," he said.
He said he ordered an urgent security review in response which recommended tighter measures at parliament.
"I am concerned for the safety of the Australian people. It's not about me... it's about the safety of the Australian people," he added.
The Daily Telegraph newspaper quoted intelligence sources as saying that "chatter" about parliament had been intercepted and they now held fears the building had already been "scoped out" for pre-planning of a "Mumbai-style" attack.
The chatter, intercepted by spy, police and counter- terrorism agencies, revealed talk about access to parliament.
Senior security sources have identified the most vulnerable entry point to the parliament was the entrance to the ministerial wing, which could be infiltrated by "taking out" two unarmed parliamentary security officers who represent the only sentry point to prevent instant access to the Prime Minister's own courtyard.
From there a potential terrorist would have a direct line of sight into the Prime Minister's office, the sources said.
The Federal Police was removed from the parliamentary security committee under the previous government in March last year, with the Department of Parliamentary Services taking over security at the building entrances.
"What we are concerned about is that there are thousands of people in that building including not only staff but MPs and members of the general public who visit on a daily basis," an intelligence source said.
It is not yet established whether the plot is linked to the suspects netted in yesterday's dramatic pre-dawn raids in Sydney and Brisbane in which a sinister plan by Islamic State jihadists to carry out public beheadings and circulate gruesome videos was uncovered, the report said.
Operatives of the Lashkar-e-Taiba carried out the attacks in Mumbai that killed 166 people in November, 2008.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Nikkei closes day at its highest level since 2007Afternoon comments by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to carry out pension reform as soon as possible bolstered already upbeat sentiment.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
TOKYO: Japanese stocks soared to a seven-year high on Friday after the yen dropped sharply after Scottish voters rejected a bid for independence and averted a break-up of the United Kingdom.
Afternoon comments by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to carry out pension reform as soon as possible bolstered already upbeat sentiment.
The Nikkei share average ended 1.6 per cent higher at 16,321.08, the highest closing level since 2007 and before the collapse of Lehman Brothers. It was the biggest daily per centage gain in a month, and was up 2.3 per cent for the week.
During the session, the index easily topped a December 30 high of 16,320.22.
"Abe's comment triggered short-term investors' buying," said Norihiro Fujito, a senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities investors, adding that his comments were perfectly timed to coincide when risk appetite was rising.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said in the early afternoon that he aims to reform the country's $1.2 trillion public fund as soon as possible.
"I believe GPIF reforms are extremely important .... I would like to review its portfolio as soon as possible," Abe told business leaders in a speech.
Analysts said the yen's moves against the dollar will be key to how much further momentum is carried through in the market.
After Scottish voters rejected independence in a referendum, sterling jumped to a two-week high against the U.S. dollar.
The dollar jumped to as high as 109.46 yen, driving exporter shares higher, with Nissan Motor Co rising 1.6 per cent, Fuji Heavy Industries jumping 4.6 per cent and Advantest Corp climbing 2.2 per cent.
Index-heavy stocks such as Fast Retailing Co and Fanuc Corp soared 3.6 per cent and 2.5 per cent, respectively.
The broader Topix gained 1.1 per cent to 1,331.91, and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 added 1.2 per cent to 12,085.85.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Better together: The story of the historic Scotland referendum in picturesprint
Scottish voters have rejected independence and decided that Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom. The result announced early Friday was the one favored by Britain's political leaders, who had campaigned hard in recent weeks to convince Scottish voters to stay.
Scotland's First Minister Alex Salmond concedes defeat at the "Yes" Campaign headquarters in Edinburgh. (Reuters Photo)
Pro-Independence supporters are pictured in Edinburgh, Scotland, as referendum results are announced. (AFP Photo)
Pro-Union supporters celebrate as Scottish referendum polling results are announced at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh. (AFP Photo)
Supporters from the "No" Campaign react to a declaration in their favour, at the Better Together Campaign headquarters in Glasgow. (Reuters Photo)
A Yes campaign supporter in the Scottish referendum stands in George Square in Glasgow. (AP Photo)
A counting staff member yawns as they count ballot papers through the night in the Scottish Independence Referendum at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh (AP Photo)
Supporters of the Yes campaign in the Scottish independence referendum cheer with Scottish Saltire flags as they await the result after the polls closed, in George Square, Glasgow.  (AP Photo)
A worker tips out a ballot box in the Aberdeen Exhibition and Conference Centre in Aberdeen. (AFP Photo)
Crowds cheer as a man climbs onto the Scott Monument in central Glasgow. (Reuters Photo)

IS plots  Mumbai-style  terror attack on Aus parl; main target Abbottprint
Australia's intelligence agencies have uncovered a plot by the Islamic State militants to launch a 'Mumbai-style' terror attack on the parliament with Prime Minister Tony Abbott and other top officials being the prime targets.
Armed Federal Police officers have been deployed inside parliament here after fresh information emerged that suspected terrorists were planning an attack on the highest office.
"There will be armed federal police in and around our national parliament at all times," Prime Minister Abbott told a press conference. "Earlier this month I was advised of chatter among these terrorist networks of a potential attack on government, government people, parliament house," he said.
He said he ordered an urgent security review in response which recommended tighter measures at parliament. "I am concerned for the safety of the Australian people. It's not about me... it's about the safety of the Australian people," he added.
The Daily Telegraph newspaper quoted intelligence sources as saying that 'chatter' about parliament had been intercepted and they now held fears the building had already been 'scoped out' for pre-planning of a 'Mumbai-style' attack.
The chatter, intercepted by spy, police and counter-terrorism agencies, revealed talk about access to parliament.
Senior security sources have identified the most vulnerable entry point to the parliament was the entrance to the ministerial wing, which could be infiltrated by 'taking out' two unarmed parliamentary security officers who represent the only sentry point to prevent instant access to the Prime Minister's own courtyard.
From there a potential terrorist would have a direct line of sight into the Prime Minister's office, the sources said.
The Federal Police was removed from the parliamentary security committee under the previous government in March last year, with the Department of Parliamentary Services taking over security at the building entrances.
"What we are concerned about is that there are thousands of people in that building including not only staff but MPs and members of the general public who visit on a daily basis," an intelligence source said.
It is not yet established whether the plot is linked to the suspects netted in yesterday's dramatic pre-dawn raids in Sydney and Brisbane in which a sinister plan by Islamic State jihadists to carry out public beheadings and circulate gruesome videos was uncovered, the report said.
Operatives of the Lashkar-e-Taiba carried out the attacks in Mumbai that killed 166 people in November, 2008.

Boost from Scots no may be short-livedMarket boost from Scots ‘No’ could be shortlived
By John Authers
Slow-burning political risk for the UK will increase
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23077bca-3fc9-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Expect equities to do well  overweight on India: StanChartLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect equities to do well, overweight on India: StanChart
On emerging markets, he says most of Asia looks in “pretty good shape” and feels key exporters in North Asia like Korea and Taiwan, will benefit from higher Fed rates.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Manpreet Gill, senior investment strategist at Standard Chartered, expects equities to continue to perform well. Discussing the next set of key events, he says the markets will be dominated by a conversation of when the Fed might actually hike rates, but overall the picture is positive for equities, with earnings growing in most parts of the world.
Standard Chartered is overweight on India on the back of positive sentiment and pluses on the policy front. Gill feels the markets have seen stage one of multiple-driven rally and would be looking for more optimistic earnings expectation.
On emerging markets, he says most of Asia looks in “pretty good shape” and feels key exporters in North Asia like Korea and Taiwan, will benefit from higher Fed rates.
The US Federal Reserve has made it clear that while the taper would end in October, there’s still sometime to go in for a hike in interest rates.
On Scotland voting ‘no’ to independence, Gill says it could have potentially been a risk event for the sterling pound, but the results show that the risk has been averted.
Below is the transcript of Manpreet Gill’s interview with Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18.
Ekta: The Scotland Referendum is now out of the way and it was a vote of a ‘No’ from Scotland. So, they are going to continue to be a part of the United Kingdom. What does this mean for global asset classes? Is this an overhang which has been removed or it wasn’t that much of a game changer in any case?
A: You could have argued that if Scotland had decided to separate that might have created some issues for predominantly UK as such and possibly for Europe as well but globally we never so it as a massive game changer. However, given that the votes seems to have turned firm in staying with the UK, looks like its an event, something that potentially could have been a risk event for sterling for example that now seems to be behind us, markets are relieved that is behind us and they are ready to move on and focus on the fundamental issues at stake.
Anuj: So in that case, let us talk about emerging markets. What do you think is the road ahead for emerging markets from hereon because the Fed quite clearly made it clear that while the taper would end in October, still sometime to grow for interest rates to rise from here? In the current environment, how do you think emerging markets should perform?
A: I think emerging market will end up being a fairly differentiated picture. It is a fairly diverse group of countries. So we will see different impact in different parts of the emerging space. In our view, most of Asia looks like it is in pretty good shape and when you start looking at many of the key exporters in North Asian markets like Korea or Taiwan, they should benefit from higher Fed rates eventually even if you see some short-term volatility because ultimately they are good for US growth and in turn they are good for Asian exports.
In other parts of Asia, look at India, Indonesia are clearly much more focused on what is happening domestically and maybe with the exception of Indonesia in relative terms most countries face decent fundamentals.
Ekta: Do you think that there is a higher chance that maybe global equities could rise even further by the end of the year and make newer highs because there is a lot of these big events which are now out of the way like Scotland referendum, Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) likelihood of a timeline at least. What are your thoughts on that?
A: In one word my answer would be yes. We do expect equities to continue to perform well and you are right, we are putting one set of key events behind us whether it’s the Scottish vote or the FOMC, the end of the quantitative easing (QE) program but I suppose the only thing we will be mindful of is that that does set us up for the next stage of key events and the market is going to be dominated by a conversation of when the Fed might go ahead and hike rates but to us ultimately the entire serious environments when you combine it with what is seen in the economic data – that is fundamentally positive for equities. Earnings at the end of the day are still growing in most parts of the world and are at very basic level and that is what is necessary to sustain equity performance even after the multiples have gone up.
Anuj: What is your call on India?
A: On a regional basis, we are overweight. So clearly, a lot of process happening on the policy front, positive sentiment but we have seen stage-I which is the multiple driven rally and what the market is going to be looking for now is further more optimistic earnings expectations and growth to come through and long-term we do expect that should happen.
Ekta: There is the Alibaba debut also which is taking place at USD 68 today. What is StandChart’s view and how much of an interest have fund shown in Alibaba?
A: Unfortunately, I am not able to comment on individual companies but clearly technology is a sector that we like. In Asia specifically China has very important sector. It is a great example of why we see value and why we think there is scope for companies in this sector to do well from an earnings perspective and it is a sector we definitely like.
RELATED NEWS

Solar Industries: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 19, 2014, 12.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Solar Industries: Updates on outcome of AGM
Solar Industries India Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of minutes of the 19th Annual General Meeting of the members of the Company held on September 04, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Solar Industries: Updates on outcome of AGM
Solar Industries India Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of minutes of the 19th Annual General Meeting of the members of the Company held on September 04, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Solar Industries India Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of minutes of the 19th Annual General Meeting of the members of the Company held on September 04, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

GEI Industrial Systems to hold AGMGEI Industrial Systems to hold AGM
FirstSource Solutions Picks Up Stake In Nanobi Data and AnalyticsFirstSource Solutions Picks Up Stake In Nanobi Data and Analytics
Scotland Says No to Divorce in Historic Vote  will Remain Part of United KingdomScotland Says No to Divorce in Historic Vote  will Remain Part of United Kingdom
30-yr-old man held for raping minor daughter  women relatives30-yr-old man held for raping minor daughter  women relatives
United States Congress approves arming Syrian rebels  funding governmentUnited States Congress approves arming Syrian rebels  funding government
British PM Cameron lauds Scottish anti-independence campaign headBritish PM Cameron lauds Scottish anti-independence campaign head
Buy Aurobindo Pharma  says Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Aurobindo Pharma, says Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com recommends buying Aurobindo Pharma.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, "The chart of Aurobindo Pharma  looks good. There was a mild correction in it and that correction is over. Some of the news in pharma companies should actually be bought into because eventually they recover from that kneejerk reaction. I don’t know what that reaction will be but it is a buying opportunity. It is one of the better stocks in the midcap pharma space."
At 12:24 hrs Aurobindo Pharma was quoting at Rs 879.50, down Rs 4.30, or 0.49 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 896.75 and an intraday low of Rs 874.
RELATED NEWS

Scottish No keeps UK economy on trackScotland’s No vote keeps UK economy on track
By Sarah O’Connor and Chris Giles
©Getty
Scotland’s vote against independence has restored some certainty to the UK’s economic recovery , but moves towards greater devolution are likely to reshape Britain’s economy and public finances in the years ahead.
In the short term, the No vote has maintained the status quo and averted the scenarios that investors and economists most feared: a plunge in the pound, capital flight from Scotland and a period of deep uncertainty that could have undermined Britain’s recovery.
More
Fall in number of inactive young Britons
Economists think some pent-up demand could be released now those risks have abated, particularly in Scotland , where some business investments and house purchases had been put on hold. Since Scotland’s economy only represents about 8 per cent of the UK’s, this removes a risk that the wider recovery would stall rather than making a big difference to headline growth.
Many City economists emailed clients on Friday morning expressing greater confidence in their upbeat near-term economic forecasts for the UK. “Back from the brink” was the subject line from one economist. The consensus is for the economy to grow 3 per cent this year.
The vote has made investors more confident in their assumption the Bank of England will start to raise interest rates in March next year. Meanwhile, by keeping Scotland’s relatively pro-European voters within the UK, the vote also reduces the chance of “Brexit”, a British exit from the EU.
But as David Cameron made clear on Friday morning, all political parties will seek to agree a new constitutional settlement that is likely to reward successful nations and regions in the UK while forcing the less successful to face the consequences.
Economists on Friday noted that the plans for greater devolution were yet to be thrashed out. “The near-term outlook for the economy on both sides of the Scottish border has brightened following Scotland’s decision to remain part of the UK,” said Samuel Tomb, an economist at Capital Economics, on Friday morning. “But despite the No vote, the UK economy will continue to be buffeted by uncertainty about its political future over the next couple of years.”
More video
The broad contours of further devolved tax raising powers are evident from the 2012 Scotland Act, which already gives Scotland significantly greater autonomy in its public finances from 2016.
Under the Act, the Scottish government will gain the power to raise or lower all income tax rates by up to 10 percentage points. A potentially more significant change gives Scotland a direct stake in the success of its economy.
At present, the nation is fully insured by the rest of the UK if revenues from income tax collected from Scottish residents do not match the growth of the rest of the UK. Once it gains the new powers, Scotland will be subject to “fiscal risk”, benefiting if Scottish tax revenues grow faster than those in the UK, but suffering the consequences if the Scottish economy fails to perform as well as the UK average.
In depth

Photos: Apple Inc launches  The WatchPhotos: Apple Inc launches 'The Watch'
Wed Sep 10 2014, 11:20 hrs
The new Apple Watch is shown by a model on a treadmill during a new product release in Cupertino, Calif. (AP)
An Apple Watch is shown during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California. (Reuters)
Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event announcing the iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California. (Reuters)
Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple event announcing the iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch at the Flint Center. (Reuters)
Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the Apple Watch during an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California, September 9, 2014. (Reuters)
Reader´s Comments

Scots choice: independence or sterlingMatthew Goodwin What Ukip’s win means for 2015
The onset of divorce negotiations would lay bare that Scotland faces an impossible trinity: full independence, financial stability and deep economic integration with the UK. It can have any two of these but not all three.
The declared objective of the pro-independence campaign is to unwind the British political and fiscal union while retaining a common currency. But the eurozone crisis demonstrated that monetary unions without deep integration are debt intolerant: they become unstable at relatively low levels of debt and deficits, particularly absent banking union.
Indeed, Scotland in a currency union would be like Spain or Portugal before the ECB’s “whatever-it-takes” commitment to save the euro: a minority partner in a central bank that could not be relied on to buy bonds to short-circuit any run on its debt, and so vulnerable to runs.
The Yes campaign would like Scotland to be like Spain or Portugal with a standing “whatever-it-takes” commitment to short-circuit any run on its debt. But eurozone countries are eligible for ECB support only if they agree to tough adjustment programmes; the BoE would have to impose similar conditionality on Scotland up front.
The question is whether Scotland could tolerate its fiscal policy being subject to tight constraints imposed by a BoE whose officials would be wholly or overwhelmingly appointed by the UK parliament.
More video
As a fallback Scotland could adopt sterling unilaterally. But it would then be in a worse position than Spain or Portugal were during the eurozone crisis: it would have no control over the central bank that issues sterling and face still more elevated financial stability risk.
As Scots realise that the only way to combine full independence and financial stability would be for Scotland to sacrifice the current level of integration with the rest of the UK and adopt its own currency, Scottish banks could face erosion of deposits and wholesale funding. Big Scottish banks would announce their intention to relocate to London immediately, but small banks may not.
The BoE would presumably pre-empt bank runs by making it clear that Scottish banks retain access to its liquidity the morning after a Yes vote. But sustaining this position over time would be challenging. The BoE would risk building up sizeable exposures to entities that would become foreign banks in 2016. It might need a fiscal indemnity – but would the rest of the UK put its taxpayers on the line?
In depth

BHEL bags Rs 3 500 cr order for thermal plant in GujaratBHEL bags order worth Rs 3,500 crore for thermal plant in Gujaratj
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 17:45 IST
Photo: Reuters
State-owned BHEL has bagged an order worth over Rs 3,500 crore for setting up a thermal power project in Gujarat.
The contract has been awarded by the Gujarat State Electricity Corporation.
In a statement on Thursday, Bharat Heavy Electricals said the Rs 3,536 crore order is for setting up an 800 MW super critical thermal plant at Wanakbori in Kheda district, Gujarat.
"This is the first ever project of 800 MW unit rating ordered in the country on EPC basis and is also the highest valued order placed by GSECL," it said.
The EPC (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) contract has been awarded through international competitive bidding process.
The work includes design, engineering, manufacture, supply, construction, erection, testing and commissioning of the unit.
BHEL has a significant presence in Gujarat with 78.3 per cent share in the installed capacity of 9,653 MW by state utilities for coal, lignite, hydel and gas-based power plants, according to the statement.
 

Larry Ellison steps aside as Oracle chiefLarry Ellison steps aside as Oracle chief
By Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ca59c5e-3f72-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New trove of CIA articles show thoughts on Al-Qaeda  war  crisesBy Dan Lamothe September 18 Follow @danlamothe
The CIA joined Twitter on Friday. Finally. (Photo via cia.gov)
The Central Intelligence Agency has released a new, extensive collection of declassified articles from its in-house journal, providing glimpses into the spy organization’s thinking on everything from Al-Qaeda’s secrecy tactics in Afghanistan to how it has managed public relations crises.
The documents, posted on the agency’s website Thursday , are from “ Studies in Intelligence ,” the CIA’s in-house professional journal. The publication’s mission is “to stimulate within the Intelligence Community the constructive discussion of important issues of the day, to expand knowledge of lessons learned from past experiences, to increase understanding of the history of the profession, and to provide readers with considered reviews of public literature concerning intelligence,” the agency said.
At times, the work is extremely blunt. For example, George Tenet, who led the CIA from July 1997 to July 2004, says that its agents should be honest with themselves about what they do.
“I cannot explain what we do here other than to say we steal secrets for a living and we take those secrets and put them into all-source products that make a difference to somebody,” Tenet said in a 10-page article that is heavily redacted . “If anybody thinks we are doing anything else here, they can come talk to me. But let’s be blunt about we do. There is no dishonor in it. We steal secrets for a living.”
Michael J. Sulick, an intelligence operations officer who retired in 2010, states in another articl e that the U.S. counterintelligence organization cannot afford to fail in finding enemy spies who are working for Al-Qaeda and other modern terrorist groups. Consider this passage:
Simply put, terrorist groups operate like intelligence services. Terrorists spy before they terrorize. They case and observe their targets. They collect intelligence about the enemy’s vulnerabilities from elicitation and open sources. They vet potential recruits by rigorous screening procedures. Like intelligence officers, terrorists practice stagecraft. Material found in al-Qa’ida safehouses in Afghanistan and other countries include training manuals on espionage tradecraft, such as the identification of clandestine meeting and deaddrop sites, techniques to recruit sources, covert communications and tracking and reporting on targets.
There are also articles on intelligence operations in the Korean War , the Cold War and the agency’s relationship with the media. In one analysis , for example, a writer skewers the explosive “Dark Alliance” newspaper series in the San Jose Mercury-News in 1996 that examined ties between the CIA, crack cocaine and the Contra army in Nicaragua.
The stories alleged that drug traffickers in California were sending money to help the contras in Nicaragua, which turned out to be true. But it also implied the Contras caused the U.S. crack epidemic at the time with the CIA’s knowledge, which turned out to be a reach. The series was by Gary Webb, a journalist who committed suicide in 2004 after years of insisting he was right. The CIA writer’s name is redacted. His or her analysis, in part:
After this surge of publicity that questions the Agency’s integrity, the media itself soon begins to question the veracity of the original story. A completely one-sided media campaign is averted, and reporting on the issue becomes polarized rather than wholly anti-CIA. By one count, press stories skeptical of the charges against CIA actually begin to outnumber those giving the story credence. A review of the CIA drug conspiracy story — from its inception in August 1996 with the San Jose Mercury-News stories — shows that a ground base of already productive relations with journalists and an effective response by the Director of Central Intelligence’s (DCI) Public Affairs Staff helped prevent this story from becoming an unmitigated disaster.
Another article is gripping in its firsthand account of witnessing the aftermath of the 1983 bombing of the U.S. Marine barracks in Beirut, Lebanon, which killed 299 French and American service members. The author’s name is redacted. Here’s an excerpt :
At 1500, as we are finishing an elaborate lunch, our hostess tells us there has been an explosion at the Embassy. She has known for an hour and a half, but hadn’t wanted to ruin our lunch. She speaks in an unconcerned way, and when I accuse her of joking, another guest steps in to remind me that this happens to the Lebanese “all the time — we are used to it.” With sick feelings in our stomachs we pile into the car and search for radio stations with news — the stations are being rather blase about it. As we drive back, I look at the ruined towns around me with a fresh eye. Now they are grisly.
The full collection is available here .
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

China to open doors wider for Indian goodsChina to open doors wider for Indian goods
Our Bureau
Tweet
Warming up: Prime Minister Narendra Modi with Chinese President Xi Jinping at a meeting at Hyderabad House on Thursday. Ramesh Sharma
To right trade imbalance, Chinese President commits $20-billion investments; Xi, PM Modi resolve to sort out border issue
New Delhi, September 18:  
India and China today agreed to work on improving the skewed bilateral trade relations and sort out the contentious border issue, which has often soured relations between the two countries.
As part of the trade balancing initiative, Chinese President Xi Jinping, who is on a three-day visit to India, announced on Thursday that China will continue to take active steps to give more market access to products from India, including pharmaceutical and farm goods. Further, he also committed investments of $20 billion over five years.
Addressing the media, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said that during his talks with Xi he had expressed concern over the the worsening trade imbalance and sought the Chinese President’s partnership in improving market access and investment opportunities for Indian companies there. According to Indian statistics, with an increase in the bilateral trade over the last decade, the trade imbalance against India also increased exponentially from $18.65 billion in 2009 to $36.86 billion in 2013.
Border incidents
Modi also conveyed to Xi his serious concerns over repeated incidents along the India-China border. “We agreed that peace and tranquillity in the border region constitutes an essential foundation for mutual trust and confidence and for realising the full potential of our relationship. This is an important understanding, which should be strictly observed,” Modi said
The Prime Minister added that while border related agreements and confidence building measures have worked well, “I also suggested that clarification of Line of Actual Control would greatly contribute to our efforts to maintain peace and tranquillity and requested President Xi to resume the stalled process of clarifying the LAC. We should also seek an early settlement to the boundary question.”
Modi said that he also raised the issues of China’s visa policy and trans-border rivers.
History issue: Xi
The Chinese President termed the boundary question, “an issue left from history… In the many years the two sides have made steady and positive progress in their boundary negotiations.”
Modi said that India and China will begin discussions on civil nuclear energy cooperation that will bolster a broader cooperation on energy security. Inviting Chinese investments in the infrastructure and manufacturing sectors, Modi said that he was pleased with the agreements on two Chinese industrial parks in India.
The two sides exchanged 12 documents, including a five-year roadmap for promoting balanced and sustainable development of economic and trade relations between the two nations on the principle of equality and mutual benefits.
The two sides agreed to cooperate in the Railways sector with Xi saying that the two leaders agreed to increase the speed on the existing rail section from Chennai to Mysore via Bangalore. “We also agreed to cooperate on training in heavy haulage transportation and exploring cooperation in the redevelopment of stations as also in the area of high-speed railway,” said Xi.
The two sides decided to declare 2015 as the Visit India year in China and 2016 as the Visit China year in India.
Today’s meeting at Hyderabad House was marred by Tibetan protestors breaking the police barricade and reaching the building’s outer perimeter. But they were shepherded away by the police.
Also read p4
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

The humble moped is on an upswingThe humble moped is on an upswing
Swaraj Baggonkar | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 12:49 AM IST
Low-cost does not always mean low sales. The humble moped, an almost forgotten, gearless two-wheeler, is now not only clocking enviable monthly sales but readily beating much stronger motorcycle brands of established entities.
TVS Motor, the Chennai-based two-wheeler and three-wheeler maker and the only one out of an earlier four that still makes mopeds, is reaping rich dividends. Despite its outdated styling,  consumer demand for the product has been on an upswing this year, growing nine per cent, show data from the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers.
Monthly sales of its 70cc two-wheeler have averaged slightly over 61,500 units this year, much higher than popular entry-level motorcycles such as Bajaj’s Discover100 (35,000 units), the Honda Dream series (37,000 units) and equally accepted scooters such as the Hero Maestro (38,000 units) or Honda Dio (14,000 units).
BACK IN TIME
Despite its outdated styling, consumer demand for mopeds has seen a growth of nine per cent
Monthly sales of TVS’ 70cc two-wheeler have averaged slightly over 61,500 units this year, much higher than popular entry-level motorcycles
At under Rs 30,000, the TVS Heavy Duty Super XL is the cheapest petrol powered two-wheeler in the country
Thr economy segment (100cc) of motorcycles and scooters costs at least Rs 37,000. At under Rs 30,000, the TVS Heavy Duty Super XL is the cheapest petrol powered two-wheeler in the country. Hero’s HF Dawn and the TVS Scooty are two of the closest rivals to the moped.
TVS is also busy developing high-end performance-oriented motorcycles, in cooperation with German bike giant BMW, slated for launch late next year. Yet, the Venu Srinivasan-led company has simultaneously expanded its moped sales. Current sales are more than double compared to seven years earlier.
Despite repeated attempts, the company, presently focusing on improving its share in the gearless scooter segment with the launch of a new Scooty Zest model, did not wish to speak on its moped. Srinivasan, the chairman and managing director, declined to comment when approached. The success of TVS’ mopeds is such that its moped sales are higher than those of all its scooters or motorcycles.
During the April-August period, slightly more than 307,000 mopeds were sold by TVS Motor as compared to 273,437 scooters and 273,630 motorcycles. “Mopeds are lauded for their weight-carrying and haulage abilities. They are lighter and are easy to manoeuvre in traffic. Which is why mopeds are attractive to goods delivery units in rural and semi-rural areas,” said a Mumbai-based automotive consultant. Though not so popular in the northern markets, they enjoy a significant fan base in the southern ones, followed by western markets.
The Firodia family-led Kinetic Motors and Kinetic Engineering, and Majestic Auto wrapped up their two-wheeler business some years earlier. All the three companies which competed against TVS in the moped space have since allowed the Chennai-based company a free run in the segment.
While none of the other two-wheeler manufacturers such as Bajaj Auto, Hero MotoCorp or Honda are keen on experimenting in this segment, they are planning to bring down their entry price levels to attract new customers. For instance, Hero MotorCorp, the country’s largest motorcycle maker, has announced its intention of launching a low-cost commuter bike, priced under Rs 30,000. Japanese two-wheeler giant Yamaha is working on a project to develop a small motorcycle for less than Rs 30,000. Both are expected to be powered by a 100-110cc engine.

Coal to power cos may get costlierCoal to power cos may get costlier
Probal Basak | Kolkata Sep 19, 2014 12:48 AM IST
 
Forced to cut the volume of coal sold through electronic auction, government-owned Coal India Ltd (CIL) is likely to go for a rise in the notified price for sales under fuel supply agreements with power companies.
The company bought peace with the Union coal ministry by agreeing to almost halve its e-auction sales at 30 million tonnes this year, to make more coal available for the fuel-starved power sector. However, this would come at a cost, with a rationale for a rise in the price of what is sold to companies in the sector, says the coal ministry in a communication to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO).
Union coal and power minister Piyush Goyal had earlier directed CIL to cut its e-auctions by more than 50 per cent to 25 mt in 2014-15 from 58 mt last year. This had been initially opposed by CIL's board of directors.
The process of reducing these sales is on. The e-auction sales rose 30 per cent over a year before to 14.65 mt in the April-June quarter but sources say it dropped to three mt in the next two months, July and August.
Officials say CIL's loss of revenue due to lower e-auction sale would be around Rs 2,000 crore this year. Hence, the suggestion on compensation with a price rise was mooted by the coal ministry.
“The ministry has sent an impact assessment file, which clearly says there would be 'price rationalisation' of the coal sold under notified prices to neutralise the revenue loss,” a source said. CIL itself would not comment.
Amid differences between the coal ministry and CIL over the matter, the PMO had earlier asked the ministry to assess CIL’s concern before taking a decision. In its response to PMO, the ministry has suggested 'price rationalisation'.
In 2013-14, CIL earned Rs 12,767 crore from e-auction sales, with average realisation of Rs 2,196 a tonne. This was 14 per cent higher than the Rs 11,148 crore in 2012-13.
A rise in coal price is also likely to factor in a rise in mining cost due to the rise in price of diesel and in the clean energy cess, earlier announced in the Union Budget. The latter has been doubled to Rs 100 a tonne. it has been levied on coal, peat and lignite since 2010, to fund and promote promote cleaner energy initiatives. CIL is likely to pass this on to its consumers.
Officials say a coal price rise also made sense as the government plans to offload 10 per cent stake in Coal India. An apprehension of falling profitability on account of lower e-auction sales could affect the company's valuation and a decision on a coal price rise would offset this.
CIL's shares ended on Wednesday at Rs 344.90 on the BSE exchange, up 1.5 per cent from Tuesday. Over the past year, the stock has had a low of Rs 236.03 and a high of Rs 423.85.

Pharma majors to be hit as drug regulator caps pricesPharma majors to be hit as drug regulator caps prices
Sushmi Dey | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 12:47 AM IST
In a move that might impact major drug makers such as Ranbaxy, Cipla, Cadila Health, and Lupin, the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has capped the prices of 19 medicines and their 43 different drug packs, including anti-infectives, gastro-intestinal drugs and vaccines.
Among multinational companies, Pfizer, Sanofi and Reckitt Benckiser are likely to take a hit.
NPPA has notified the ceiling price of these products under the Drugs Price Control Order, 2013. In the absence of data, the regulator could not cap the prices of all 348 essential medicines. While the prices of some 300 products have been fixed, NPPA has asked the pharma sector for price details on the others.
The latest tranche of price control includes key medicines such as ciprofloxacin, cefotaxime, BCG vaccine and rifampicin.
With the new notification in place, popular medicine brands such as Pfizer's Gelusil, Serum's BCG vaccine and USV's Glycomet have come under price control.
The hardest hit comes from the fixing of two different doses of ciprofloxacin - 500 mg and 250 mg. All major drug makers including Alkem, Ranbaxy, Dr Reddy's Labs, Lupin, Mankind and Cadila, sell different brands of ciprofloxacin.
According to data from the All India Organisation of Chemists & Druggists, sales of the new product basket worth Rs 450 crore, to now come under the price control, are likely to be impacted by about 40 per cent.
Companies selling these products at a price lower than the ceiling will have to continue with existing prices. For any changes, such firms will be required to seek separate permission from the regulator.
Currently, the government directly caps prices of 348 formulations at the average price of all medicines in a particular segment with at least one per cent market share. For all other medicines, companies are free to price their products but they cannot increase the prices of such medicines by more than 10 per cent in a year.
Recently, the NPPA had brought all diabetes and cardiac medicines under indirect price control. The regulator issued orders in the public interest, saying any diabetes or cardiac drug priced at more than 25 per cent of the average price of the scheduled drug in that category would fall under the ceiling and its price capped. The regulator is likely to extend the move to other categories, such as oncology, soon.
BITTER PILL
NPPA has capped prices of another 19 medicines and their 43 different packs
Most of these are anti-infectives, gastro-intestinal drugs and vaccines
The move is likely to impact Indian players including Ranbaxy, Cipla, Cadila Health and Lupin and foreign firms like Pfizer, Sanofi and Reckitt Benckiser
Companies are most impacted by the regulator's move to fix prices of two different doses of ciprofloxacin - 500mg and 250 mg
Sales of the new product basket worth Rs 450 crore, to now come under the price control, are likely to be impacted by about 40%
Currently, the govt directly caps prices of 348 formulations at the average price of all medicines in a particular segment with at least 1% market share

Fed punishes Santander unit over dividendFed punishes Santander unit over dividend
By Tom Braithwaite in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0f20309e-3f46-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Home Depot attack bigger than TargetsHome Depot attack bigger than Target’s
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7f9a2b26-3f74-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China s best stock NOT named AlibabaBy Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz September 16, 2014: 11:29 AM ET
 
Buy Baidu instead of Alibaba?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Investors are salivating for the upcoming Alibaba initial public offering like one of Pavlov's dogs that's just heard a bell ring.
Alibaba, often described as the Chinese equivalent of Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ), eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ) and PayPal, boosted the price range for its IPO on Monday.
The company may now raise $25 billion from its stock sale and could be worth nearly $170 billion once it starts trading on Friday on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol BABA ( BABA ).
But should investors really try and buy Alibaba on Friday?
Related: What you need to know if you want to buy Alibaba
It's always risky to purchase a new stock on its debut day. Fortunately though, there is already a great (and safer) way to invest in the boom in China's Internet economy: search engine Baidu ( BIDU , Tech30 ), which is essentially the Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ) of China.
Baidu has been publicly traded in the U.S. since 2005. The stock has surged 1,600% from its first day closing price! It has done better than Apple, Google and Amazon in the past nine years.
The company reported ridiculously strong growth for the second quarter back in July. Sales were up 58.5% from a year ago. Earnings rose 34%.
Like Google, Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ), Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) and other companies that depend largely on advertising, Baidu has also done a great job of building up its mobile presence. Revenue from mobile now accounts for 30% of total sales.
And the best news for investors is that Baidu's stock is still reasonably valued. Even though one share costs more than $200, Baidu trades at about 24 times 2015 earnings forecasts. That's not dirt cheap but it doesn't conjure up bad memories of the 2000 dot-com bubble either.
 
Alibaba jumpstarts small fashion brand
This is not to say that Alibaba is going to be a dud. And there are also some big challenges facing Baidu as well.
Will Baidu ever be able to expand outside of China in a major way? Currently, its only non-China business is a Baidu-branded search engine in Japan.
It's also fair to wonder how successful Baidu might be outside of China since it really has the market there all to itself once Google pretty much gave up on the search market in China in 2010 due to censorship concerns.
Related: Alibaba is actually a lot different than Amazon
Speaking of Google, it looks like Baidu is also trying to make a name for itself with driverless cars. Baidu just announced a research partnership with BMW to develop tech for semi-autonomous vehicles. Baidu also has developed a wearable device called Baidu Eye, which is very similar to Google Glass.
So is Baidu stretching itself too thin by trying to be too much like Google? Possibly.
But Baidu, much like Google, has performed well enough to deserve some benefit of the doubt.
Investors should remember that too. Alibaba is not the be-all and end-all when it comes to Chinese tech stocks.
First Published: September 16, 2014: 11:29 AM ET
Most Popular

DBT will hold financial inclusion scheme togetherE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Barack Obama nominates Indian-American Richard Verma as ambassador to IndiaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Xi calls for harmony between India  China on border issueXi calls for harmony between India, China on border dispute
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 16:06 IST
Chinese President Xi Jinping (Photo: Reuters)
If the "Chinese dragon" and the "Indian elephant" co-exist harmoniously, it will not only benefit 2.5 billion people in the two nations but also have far-reaching impact in the region and the world, Chinese President Xi Jinping said in the natinal capital on Thursday.
"Both China and India are influential countries in the world. When our two nations speak with one voice, the whole world will listen attentively," China's official Xinhua news agency quoted Xi as telling Prime Minister Narendra Modi during their talks.
If the "Chinese dragon" and the "Indian elephant" co-exist harmoniously and realise peaceful, cooperative development , it will benefit 2.5 billion people in the two nations as well as those in other developing countries, and will have far- reaching effect in the region and the world as a whole, the Chinese President said.
The report said that China and India have decided to step up trade and investment engagement to forge a closer development partnership despite their border disputes "left over by history".
"On border issue, the two countries should continue to carry out friendly consultation to seek a fair and reasonable solution that both sides can accept," Xi, also General Secretary of the ruling Communist Party of China, said.
"Before the border issue is eventually solved, we should jointly manage and control our disputes in a proper way and maintain peace and tranquility in the border regions. We should not let the border issue affect our bilateral relations," Xi said as tension persisted in Chumar area in northeast Ladakh where Chinese troops were reported to have stepped up their presence on Thursday camping at three places in the domestic territory and refusing to vacate.
India asserts that the border dispute covered about 4,000 km, while China claims that it confined to about 2,000 km to the area of Arunachal Pradesh, which it refers as Southern Tibet.
The report also noted that the two Asian neighbours have agreed on investment in India's railways, industrial parks and the adjustment of their trade imbalance.

Data scientist among sexiest jobs of the century | Why young turks are quitting jobsYou are here: Home > Collections > Scientists
Data scientist among the sexiest jobs of the century
Jayadevan PK & Neha Alawadhi, ET Bureau Sep 19, 2014, 09.13AM IST
Tags:
data scientist
(Data scientists are a rare…)
NEW DELHI: The title has been around for less than a decade, but already 'data scientist' is considered to be among the sexiest jobs of the 21st century. In India it is no different.
Data scientists — the term was coined in 2008 by DJ Patil and Jeff Hammerbacher — are a rare species being chased by startups and big technology companies alike for their ability to make sense of large and complex set of information. As a result, their salaries have shot through the roof and poaching is rampant. Take the case of S Anand, the chief data scientist at Hyderabad-based data visualisation and analytics company Gramener, for instance.
He was recently wooed by an ecommerce major with an offer that was hard to refuse. Luckily for his cofounder Naveen Gaddu, he was too passionate about their 50-people startup to leave. "At least one-two of my people get pinged on Linkedin every day on an average. Thankfully, they choose to stay," said Gaddu, the chief operating officer at Gramener.
The sudden prominence for data scientists highlight how startups and established players now need to comb huge volumes of data for information that is key to the success of an idea or business. Salaries for chief data scientists with over 10 years of experience in mathematics and statistics are regularly touching the Rs 1 crore mark.
Mobile commerce player Paytm is hiring a team of eight data scientists in Canada, paying on an average $250,000 (Rs 1.5 crore) each. "The team will look at the large amount of data we have from different angles. For instance fraud detection, upselling and such," said Vijay Shekhar Sharma, founder of One97 Communication which owns Paytm. "If a person paid Rs 60-70 lakh is offered Rs 1.2 crore, then no one in the marketplace will touch him for a while," said Gattu, chief operating officer at Gramener. At least four senior industry professionals said Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon and Walmart were among the companies waving fat pay packets at top data scientists.
For ecommerce companies, data scientists who can help them make better sense of their customers needs have become a top priority. "Data is a large asset that is often not used to its full potential in most organisations. There is a huge amount of technology investments that we can make in this area," said Amod Malviya, the chief technology officer of Flipkart.
The online retailer generates terabytes of data every day and is now building a data science lab that can help them sell better.
"The big technology trend is to make systems intelligent and data is the raw material," said Malviya, who declined to share specific salaries being offered by Flipkart. A chief data scientist, with about 10-15 years of experience using mathematical and statistical tools, earns about Rs 50 lakh on average annually.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why Raghuram Rajan is wrong about Uberyet againWhy Raghuram Rajan is wrong about Uber—yet again
Written by
Suyash Rai Suyash Rai is a consultant at National Institute for Public Finance and Policy. & Ajay Shah Ajay Shah is professor at National Institute for Public Finance and Policy.
September 19, 2014
SHARE
Written by
Suyash Rai Suyash Rai is a consultant at National Institute for Public Finance and Policy. & Ajay Shah Ajay Shah is professor at National Institute for Public Finance and Policy.
September 19, 2014
On 22 August 2014, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) came out with an order which effectively forces firms such as Uber to either shut down, or switch to cumbersome payments mechanisms.
On 24 August, we wrote an article Shutting down Uber in India was unwise  about the economic thinking in payments regulation.
On 15 September, RBI governor Raghuram Rajan responded to this criticism in a talk , saying: If there is a rule on the book, we don’t allow it to be violated simply because the innovation is cool.
We think that RBI’s action does not even constitute proper enforcement of ‘a rule on the book’. We think that regulators like RBI cannot pass the buck for bad consequences of rules that are fully under their control. We think that if RBI was wise and accountable, it would have behaved differently. Let’s work through the steps of this logic.
Does the RBI action constitute sound enforcement of existing law?
Let us first examine what Rajan claims RBI has done – enforcement of current laws and regulations. The RBI’s notification states that the routing of payments through offshore payment systems was violating the Payment and Settlement Systems Act, 2007 and the Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999, and must be immediately stopped. It then allows the firms to make the necessary changes by October 31, 2014. This is unsound enforcement, for the following reasons:
The notification just states that the activity is in violation of two Acts, without actually citing the specific provisions or regulations of the Acts, and providing grounds for determining that the activity is violating these laws. For an analogy, this notification is like the police arresting a person saying that he has violated the Indian Penal Code, without citing the specific sections and without providing the reasons for such an assessment.
Instead of taking proper enforcement action – starting with a show cause notice and perhaps ending with a penalty – the RBI has simply allowed the firms to “adjust” by the given date. Unlike what Rajan claims, this is not enforcement by any stretch of imagination. An enforcement action by a regulator has to first establish that the enforcement action is necessary, and in a case such as this (assuming the RBI is correct regarding Uber’s activities), result in a punishment.
The notification, which claims to be a clarification, is vague. It does not describe instances or specific actions that would be deemed to be in violation, so that market participants can understand where they stand. As a result, it has created  significant confusion in the market.
RBI cannot be an impassive enforcer of rules that it has drafted
If you were the police, you merely enforce the Indian Penal Code (IPC). When a situation arises in front of you like marital rape, you have to be mindless and say, `Sorry, the IPC is clear that rape in marriage is not a crime, and my hands are tied’. The police does not make the law, it simply enforces it. If the police finds someone violating the IPC, it is its duty to take necessary actions as per the Law.
On the other hand, Rajan’s stance—that clamping down on the routing of payment transactions is simply enforcement—is inappropriate. Unlike the police, RBI is not just an enforcement agency. RBI is a regulator. It writes the regulations that it enforces. The regulation for payment security was made by RBI, not Parliament, and therefore can be changed by RBI. Regulators exist because there is value in merging legislative, executive, and quasi-judicial powers within a single organisation.
Once RBI found that some real economy firms with efficient solutions are feeling compelled to find loopholes to give convenience to consumers on services such as taxi rides (which are usually small value transactions), this should have triggered a process of review of relevant regulation. Instead, Rajan simply brushed off the criticism of RBI on this matter, claiming that the critics are calling for suspending enforcement for a “cool” innovation. The critics are calling for no such thing.
 Greater humility, and an interest in reform, is the need of the hour. 
Regulations must be enforced, otherwise they are meaningless, but if the regulations are wrong, they must also be reviewed and optimised. What Rajan is dismissing as “cool” is a small but non-trivial improvement in convenience (and productivity) that many consumers were choosing before RBI stepped in. India’s future relies on the ability of innovators to come up with myriad small process improvements like this one. So, in addition to enforcing the regulation, it would have been wise of RBI to rectify the problems in regulation that compelled firms to take such a strange and risky route to receive payments.
There are at least four major problems with the regulation that RBI has drafted on two-factor authentication:
It lacks proportionality: it requires the same level of protection for small value transactions as it does for large value ones.
It unreasonably restricts economic freedom of consumers: we do not even have the right to waive the requirement for second factor authentication for small value payments (eg. up to Rs. 1000) on own money, even if we are willing to take that risk.
It focuses too much on prevention and not on enforcement: the approach is to eliminate the possibility of fraud by imposing costs on consumers. You face no risk of a motor accident if you live in the stone age.
It takes initiative away from payment service providers: service providers are supposed to blindly follow RBI’s dictum. They do not have the right to relax authentication requirements for some transactions, with the understanding that they would manage risks and make good on losses that occur due to their mistakes.
To ignore these problems, to insist on enforcing a badly drafted regulation, no matter what the consequences are for the economy: this is the hallmark of an unaccountable agency.
If RBI were wise and accountable, what would they have done?
Once RBI noted the route firms were using to get around the two-factor requirement, and that many consumers were willingly using the service with lesser security (signalling a preference for convenience over security for small value transactions), it should have embarked on a comprehensive review. While initiating proper enforcement action against firms allegedly violating the laws, on 22 August 2014, RBI should have issued a statement (perhaps through a press release) saying the following:
“We have a legal framework comprising Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) about cross-border activities, and two-factor authentication about payments. Some companies, such as Uber, are in a grey zone when it comes to FEMA. They are using this mechanism to avoid our rule that requires two-factor authentication. We recognise that these are important mechanisms through which the market economy, comprising of service providers and consumers, is choosing to operate. The emergence of these mechanisms raises questions about the soundness of our two-factor authentication rules. The tradeoff between security and convenience, and between prevention and enforcement, embedded in our authentication rules is questionable. We need new regulations, which impose some burden of liability upon financial service providers, and empower consumers to make a choice to waive second factor requirement on small value transactions. The default condition may continue to be two factor authentication, unless a consumer opts out for small value transactions, or a service provider takes it upon itself to manage the risk and take liability for failures. It is important for regulators to not disrupt organisational capital of firms. Hence, the loopholes which are presently being used will be closed down on October 1 and the new rules will simultaneously kick in. Through this, it would be possible for firms such as Uber to experience no breakdown of operations. Enforcement actions will proceed against violators of FEMA who may have to pay fines for the offences. This process will begin with a show cause notice, and may end with a penalty order by an adjudicating officer, if sufficient evidence is found on violation.”
This would have been a wise and mature approach to financial regulation, one that fully takes into account the mandate of an accountable financial regulator and its responsibilities to the economy.
Rajan’s defense of the current system is that two-factor authentication has enhanced peace of mind for people, who were earlier at risk of losing money. But nobody is suggesting unconditionally removing all authentication requirements or consumer protection provisions. The choice should not be posed as existing RBI regulation vs. zero regulation. Instead, the argument is for applying proportionality in security, giving consumers the freedom to waive the second factor for small value transactions, and holding service providers liable for risks they agree to manage.
Overall, the criticism has far more nuance than Rajan has acknowledged.
He also says, as people too often do in India, that innovations from the West do not directly apply in India. This is a particularly harmful argument, because it works as a broad excuse for prohibiting or delaying all kinds of innovations. Rajan should be more precise about what safeguards are required for specific risks that accompany the innovation being discussed, and what his agency will do to address them efficiently. This precision is required, not vague pronouncements on the harm from importing innovations.
Rajan did say that RBI is considering some changes to the system, but it is not clear what these changes will be and when are they likely to be implemented. Till the time he decides to give greater clarity on the issue, affected parties must wait. This sort of waiting, and legal uncertainty surrounding new thinking about business models, is incompatible with high GDP growth. In this process, we have lost sight of the purpose for which a regulatory agency is established, and that it exists for the purpose of serving the people of India.
This is just the tip of the iceberg
Millions of people understand in their bones that forcing a firm like Uber to shut down is a bad idea. In this one case, we have got a careful discussion about RBI regulation in public domain. The real issue runs deeper: an unaccountable agency has written myriad unwise regulations, that are holding India back. Greater humility, and an interest in reform, is the need of the hour.
This post first appeared on Ajay Shah’s blog .
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Love jihad  rocks BJP  starts row between Sushil Modi  Giriraj SinghE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Apple Inc locks itself out of devices with passwordsE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

The referendum dies of sheer exhaustionScottish referendum dies of sheer exhaustion
By Matthew Engel in Edinburgh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/9816ca3a-3e78-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nikkei soars to 7-year high on weak yenNikkei soars to 7-year high on weak yen
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Sept 19:  
Japanese stocks soared to a seven-year high on Friday after the yen dropped sharply after Scottish voters rejected a bid for independence and averted a break-up of the United Kingdom.
Afternoon comments by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to carry out pension reforms as soon as possible bolstered the already upbeat sentiment.
The Nikkei share average ended 1.6 per cent higher at 16,321.08, the highest closing level since 2007 and before the collapse of Lehman Brothers. It was the biggest daily percentage gain in a month, and was up 2.3 per cent for the week. During the session, the index easily topped a December 30 high of 16,320.22.
“Abe’s comment triggered short-term investors’ buying,’’ said Norihiro Fujito, a senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities investors, adding that his comments were perfectly timed to coincide when the risk appetite was rising.
Pension reforms
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said in the early afternoon that he aims to reform the country’s $1.2-trillion public fund as soon as possible. “I believe GPIF reforms are extremely important .... I would like to review its portfolio as soon as possible,’’ Abe told business leaders in a speech.
Analysts said the yen’s moves against the dollar will be key to how much further momentum is carried through in the market.
After Scottish voters rejected independence in a referendum, sterling jumped to a two-week high against the US dollar. The dollar jumped to as high as 109.46 yen, driving exporter shares higher, with Nissan Motor Co rising 1.6 per cent, Fuji Heavy Industries jumping 4.6 per cent and Advantest Corp climbing 2.2 per cent.
Index-heavy stocks such as Fast Retailing Co and Fanuc Corp soared 3.6 per cent and 2.5 per cent, respectively. The broader Topix gained 1.1 per cent to 1,331.91, and the JPX-Nikkei Index 400 added 1.2 per cent to 12,085.85.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Prices perk up at Kochi tea auctionPrices perk up at Kochi tea auction
Our Bureau
Kochi, Sept 19:  
Better demand perked up prices of some varieties of tea at the Kochi Tea auction this week.
Good liquoring varieties along with popular marks in the CTC dust category were dearer by Rs 2 to Rs 3 and sometimes more, especially the powdery grades. Others were irregular and occasionally tended to ease. According to auctioneers, Forbes, Ewart & Figgis, plainer varieties appreciated in value.
In sale no 38, the quantity on offer in CTC grades was 8,13,000 kg. A better enquiry noticed from exporters and upcountry buyers.
However, the demand was less in orthodox grades and the quantity on offer was 14,000 kg. The market was lower and witnessed heavy withdrawals. A small quantity sold was absorbed by exporters.
In the best CTC grades, Good quality fetched Rs 106-157, medium grades quoted Rs 71-100 while plain varieties stood at Rs 58-66.
In the leaf grades, there was a better demand for orthodox grades with 85,000 kg on offer. The market for Nilgiri Brokens, Whole Leaf and Fannings Appreciated in values following quality. Medium Clean Black Bolder Brokens, Tippy grades was firm to dearer.
The quantity on offer in CTC varieties was 63,500 kg and the market for Good Liquoring Bolder Brokens was higher. Corresponding Smaller Brokens and Fannings was steady and tended to ease. There was a better enquiry from upcountry buyers while exporters demand was subdued.
In the dust varieties, Monica SFD fetched the better prices of Rs 158 followed by Manjolai SFD at Rs 149. In the leaf grades, Chamraj Green tea FOP (Sup) quoted the best prices of Rs 361 followed by Pascoes Woodlands Hyson Green Tea at Rs 285.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Markets choppy; Nifty sees strong support at 8 100Markets choppy; Nifty sees strong support at 8,100
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 11:55 AM IST
Markets have turned choppy after investors booked profits at higher levels. Although , the US Federal Reserve’s decision to keep US interest rates near zero for a "considerable time” and Chinese President Xi Jinping’s pledge to invest $20 billion in India in the next five years are likely to attract the market participants.
 
At 11:48 AM, the 30-share Sensex is down 21 points at 27,091 and the 50-share Nifty is up 1 point at 8,116.
 
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices are up between 0.1-0.4%.
 
Market breadth is marginally positive with 1,325 gainers and 1,322 losers on the BSE.
 
Meanwhile, overseas investors bought index futures worth $106.22 million on Thursday, as per NSE data. Foreign banks bought debt worth of 18.93 billion rupees ($311.7 million), as per CCIL data.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 60.7500/7550 vs Thursday's close of 60.83/84, driven by hopes of continued foreign fund buying in shares and bonds.
 
Asian Markets:
 
Asian shares firmed on the back of encouraging reports on the initial public offering by Chinese e-commerce major Alibaba Group. Shares in Japan were trading higher as the yen weakened against the US dollar. The benchmark Nikkei is up 1.6% at 16,335. The Shanghai Composite is trading flat with a positive bias and Hang Seng is trading 0.5% higher while Straits Times is up 0.3%.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, BSE IT index is the top gaining index up over 2% followed by Teck, Consumer durables, Oil and Gas and Power indices trading between 0.4-2%. However, FMCG and Capital Goods indices are losing sheen and have lost nearly 3%. Meanwhile, Bankex and Realty indices are trading flat with a negative bias.
 
Shares of Tata Group companies are trading higher by up to 4% on the BSE after global rating agency Moody's upgraded the ratings for many group firms including Tata Motors, Tata Steels and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS).
 
In the technology pack, IT major Infosys which lost sheen in the yesterday’s trade  has gained 1% after the companywidened collaboration with Microsoft and Hitachi Data Systems, in line with chief executive Vishal Sikka's vision to strengthen software offerings and expand global alliances.
 
India's third largest IT firm Wipro is trading over 1% higher and is continuing its rally of past few trading sessions after securing a contract from Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company (SEC) for implementing and rolling out plant maintenance and project system functionality of SAP ERP application.
 
In the healthcare space, drug maker Sun Pharma has extended its rally and has climbed nearly 1% after the company entered into a licensing agreement with Merck & Co Inc for investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, Tildrakizumab to be used for treatment of plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment.
 
Cipla is up 1.5% after it signed an agreement with American company Salix Pharmaceuticals, under which Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights over certain patent applications in the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patents owned by Cipla. The grant is on a worldwide basis, excluding the countries of Asia (other than Japan) and Africa. However Dr Reddy’s Lab is trading with marginal losses.
 
Metal shares which surged recently after China's economic stimulus raised hopes of a boost in demand in the world's biggest consumer of metals continue to trade higher in today’s trade. Coal India, Hindalco and Tata Steel are up between 0.5-1.5%. However, Sesa Sterlite is trading marginally in green.
 
Tata Power has advanced nearly 2% after global ratings agency Moody's Investors Service upgraded the company's corporate family rating to Ba3/Stable from B1/Negative, and senior unsecured rating to Ba3/Stable from B2/Negative, thus no longer notching for subordination. NTPC is up 0.5%.
 
Bajaj Auto, RIL and HDFC twins are some of the notable names in green among others.
 
On the flip side, Bharti Airtel is down 1.5%. The company has to spend Rs 436 crore for merging Airtel Broadband Services with itself towards differential spectrum cost and migration fee.
 
Engineering conglomerate L&T has dipped 1% in today’s trade. BHEL is down 1.4% despite winning an order worth over Rs 3,500 crore for setting up a thermal power project in Gujarat.
 
In the FMCG pack, ITC has dipped over 0.5% and HUL has lost 1.5%.
 
The Auto pack is trading lower today with M&M, Tata Motors and Hero Motocorp down nearly 1%.
 
GAIL, Axis Bank and SBI are some of the notable names in red among others.
 

China tennis trailblazer Li Na retiresChina tennis trailblazer Li Na retires
By Gabriel Wildau
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a2fa6c54-3fb8-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How Eleven Jinping cost a DD newsreader hisjobPrime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping prior to a meeting at Hyderabad House in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI photo)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:29 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 5:47 pm
An embarrassing faux pas has proved costly for a Doordarshan newsreader. This casual newsreader mistook ‘Xi’ in Chinese President Xi Jinping’s name to be the Roman letter for 11 and read the name as Eleven Jinping.
The newsreader has been removed. The mistake happened during a late night bulletin which is generally read by casual newsreaders since the regulars do not prefer to work at that time.

Indian men start quest for elusive hockey goldIndian men start quest for elusive hockey gold
Draft surrogacy Bill inadequate on regulation and rights  say women health activistsDraft surrogacy Bill inadequate on regulation and rights, say women health activists
Aditi Nigam
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
Women health activists have urged the Government to make the draft Bill on surrogacy public so that a stronger law can be made to tackle the fast-growing commercialisation of this unregulated industry.
Innumerable clinics, surrogates, donors as well as a host of players providing medical, hospitality, legal and other services are mushrooming in the country without any regulation, said a release by Sama, a resource group for women & health.
Sama has urged the Health Ministry to include the widest possible opinion as the Bill in the present form is “inadequate in protecting and safeguarding the rights and health of women going for IVF techniques, recruited as surrogates and children born through commercial surrogacy.”
Most of the women offering themselves for surrogacy belong to the poorer sections of society and are roped in by unregulated third party agents, who play a pivotal role in arranging surrogates such as surrogacy agents, tourism operators and surrogacy homes operators.
Genetic surrogacy
The health activists said the Bill should permit genetic surrogacy, a simpler, less invasive form of surrogacy and not restrict to the more complicated, expensive and invasive gestational surrogacy.
Also, a robust mechanism should be developed to record and monitor the number of cycles undergone as well as the number of donations by any woman. In addition, the Bill should clearly list the various health risks and adverse outcomes of these technologies, Sama said.
Legal counsel
The women activists urged the Health Ministry to also mandate State-sponsored legal counsel for a surrogate to oversee the contract, its preservation and any legal contests on her behalf, adding that the pattern of payment and nature of insurance must be clearly stated in the best interests of the surrogate.
In fact, the Bill’s provisions should also emphasise adoption as a parallel option, Sama said.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Moodys ratings lift Tata group sharesMoody’s ratings lift Tata group shares
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
Shares of Tata Group firms today rose in the range of 1-12 per cent after Moody’s Investors Service upgraded the ratings of half-a-dozen group companies.
Among blue-chips, TCS stock gained 3.31 per cent to Rs 2,724, while Tata Power climbed 2.27 per cent to Rs 90 on the BSE in the morning trade.
TCS was also the top gainer among the 30-Sensex blue-chips.
Shares of Tata Steel rose 1.13 per cent and Tata Motors was up 0.63 per cent. Tata Elxsi soared 12.58 per cent and Tata Sponge Iron rose 11.99 per cent.
Moody’s Investors Service had yesterday upgraded the ratings of half-a-dozen Tata Group firms, including TCS and Tata Motors, on account of Tata Sons’ track record in providing timely support to these firms.
The agency has also upgraded the corporate family ratings of Tata Motors to Ba2/Stable from Ba3/Stable, Tata Chemicals to Ba1/Stable from Ba2/Stable, Tata Steel to Ba2 from Ba3, Tata Steel UK Holdings to B2 from B3, Tata Power to Ba3/Stable from B1/Negative and affirmed Tata Consultancy Services local currency issuer rating at A3/Stable.
Upward ratings’ revision reflects the agency’s expectation of parental and systemic support in case of need, which has been exhibited both in the form of extraordinary financial support from Tata Sons, the ultimate parent, and ongoing support through their close association with the Tata brand, Moody’s Investors Service had said.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related
Moody’s up rating of Tata Group cos
TOPICS

US Congress approves Obamas plan to train Syrian rebelsUS Congress approves Obama’s plan to train Syrian rebels
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 19:  
The US Congress has approved the request of President Barack Obama to train and arm the moderate Syrian rebels against the Islamic State jihadists, an important step towards degrading and ultimately destroying the dreaded terrorist group.
The Senate passed the budget Bill, that grants Obama the authority to arm and train Syrian rebel groups, by 78 to 22 votes, a day after it was passed by the House of Representative with an overwhelming majority of 273 to 156.
The Bill now heads to the White House for Obama to pass the Bill into a law.
Describing the passing of the Bill as an important step forward in the fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), Obama said, “I am pleased that Congress has now voted to support a key element of our strategy: our plan to train and equip the opposition in Syria so they can help push back these terrorists.”
Obama said tha the Syrian Opposition forces are fighting both the brutality of ISIL terrorists and the tyranny of the Assad regime.
“We will provide training and equipment to help them (moderate rebel groups) grow stronger and take on ISIL terrorists inside Syria,” Obama said.
The US will continue to build a broad international coalition to degrade and ultimately destroy the terrorist group ISIL, he said, and praised France for its decision to join US in air-strikes against the ISIL in Iraq.
“As part of the air campaign, France will join in strikes against ISIL in Iraq,” Obama said, adding, “As one of our oldest and closest allies, France is a strong partner in our efforts against terrorism, and we are pleased that French and American service members will once again work together.”
French President Francois Hollande had yesterday approved air strikes against ISIL targets in Iraq.
“I have decided to respond positively to the Iraqi authorities to provide air support,” Hollande told reporters yesterday, adding, “We will not go beyond that. There will not be ground troops and we will only intervene in Iraq.”
France is already providing arms to the Kurdish forces in Northern Iraq and its fighter jets and surveillance aircraft had began reconnaissance missions in Iraq earlier this week.
Meanwhile, the Syrian Opposition Coalition has also welcomed the move of the US Congress.
“We welcome the support and are committed to further demonstrating the credentials of the Free Syrian Army as a reliable and effective partner on the front line against terrorism,” said the Syrian Opposition Coalition Special Representative to the United States and United Nations, Najib Ghadbian.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Xi invites Modi to visit his hometown Xi an in ChinaXi invites Modi to visit his hometown Xi'an in China
Press Trust of India | Beijing Sep 19, 2014 12:15 PM IST
After his visit to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's home state Gujarat, Chinese President Xi Jinping in a reciprocal gesture invited him to his hometown Xi'an, where the famous Buddhist monk Hiuen Tsang spent his last years after his return from India some 2,000 years ago.
Xi invited Modi on Wednesday to visit his hometown Xi'an, the famous tourist town which showcases the Terracotta warriors.
Xi said the seventh-century Chinese monk stayed in India for 16 years to seek Buddhist scriptures.
"When he came back to China, he stayed in my hometown, Xi'an, to translate and spread Buddhist thoughts to Chinese people," official media here quoted Xi as saying.
According to historical records, Hiuen Tsang, also known as Xuan Zang, started his travels at the age of 28 in 629 AD and recorded his travels in Gujarat, where he describes towns and cities like Bharuch, Malwa, Idar and Valabhi.
Modi earlier said that the monk also stayed in his home town Vadodara.
Xi'an is the home of Wild Goose Pagoda, built to highlight Xuan's efforts to visit India in 645 AD through the ancient Silk Road and return home after a 17-year long sojourn with precious Buddhist scriptures.
He translated the works into Chinese which helped popularise Buddhism in China and which till date remains the most cherished link between both the countries.
The Pagoda was built to highlight his achievement. Vice President Hamid Ansari visited the Pagoda during his visit to China in June this year.
The Chinese media also highlighted the India-China agreement to strengthen culture and personnel exchanges during Xi's current visit to India.
China will help India train 1,500 Chinese-language teachers. China and India will each send 200 youths to visit the other each year. The two nations will also set up culture centres in the other's territory.
Next year will be "Visit India" year in China, and 2016 will be "Visit China" in India.

Mandolin mastro U Srinivas passes awayMandolin maestro U Srinivas passes away at 45
BS Reporter | Chennai Sep 20, 2014 12:28 AM IST
Mandolin maestro U Srinivas on Friday passed away at a private hospital in Chennai. He was 45. Unconfirmed reports suggested that the musician had undergone liver transplant recently but developed complications which led to his death.
Uppalapu Srinivas was born in Palakol, Andhra Pradesh, on February 28, 1969, and later came to be known as Mandolin U Srinivas.
His first performance was at the age of six, and his first public performance in 1978 in Gudivada, Andhra Pradesh, during the Thyagaraja Aradhana festival.
He came to perform in Chennai (then Madras) in the Madras Music Season in 1981 for the Indian Fine Arts Society. In 1983, he performed at the JazzFest, Berlin, where the audience requested him to do a repeat performance.
Shrinivas played with great Indian artists such as Hariprasad Chaurasia and Zakir Hussain. He played an electric mandolin and had collaborated with world renowned musicians like John McLaughlin, Michael Nyman, and Michael Brook. He was awarded the Padma Shri in 1998 at a very young age of 29. He was awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi award in 2010.
Srinivas is survived by his parents, brother Mandolin U Rajesh and a sister.

Kavveri Telecom Products appoints U. Lakshmoji Rao as scrutinizerSep 19, 2014, 01.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kavveri Telecom Products appoints U. Lakshmoji Rao as scrutinizer
Kavveri Telecom Products Ltd has informed BSE that the Company appointed Mr. U. Lakshmoji Rao, Chartered Accountant in practice as scrutinizer and Mr. Hari Prasad as an assistant to scrutinizer, for counting and announcing E Voting Result for the forthcoming AGM Scheduled to be held on September 30, 2014 at 10.00 a.m. at its Registered Office.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kavveri Telecom Products appoints U. Lakshmoji Rao as scrutinizer
Kavveri Telecom Products Ltd has informed BSE that the Company appointed Mr. U. Lakshmoji Rao, Chartered Accountant in practice as scrutinizer and Mr. Hari Prasad as an assistant to scrutinizer, for counting and announcing E Voting Result for the forthcoming AGM Scheduled to be held on September 30, 2014 at 10.00 a.m. at its Registered Office.
Post your opinion here
 
Kavveri Telecom Products Ltd has informed BSE that the Company appointed Mr. U. Lakshmoji Rao, Chartered Accountant in practice as scrutinizer and Mr. Hari Prasad as an assistant to scrutinizer, for counting and announcing E Voting Result for the forthcoming AGM Scheduled to be held on September 30, 2014 at 10.00 a.m. at its Registered Office.Source : BSE

Dark horse: What s making analysts bullish on Indiabulls PowerDark horse: What s making analysts bullish on Indiabulls Power
Sensex trades marginally higher; TCS  Sun Pharma gainSensex trades marginally higher; TCS  Sun Pharma gain
Xi  first lady get flavor of Indian handicrafts at TajXi  first lady get flavor of Indian handicrafts at Taj
Top 5 Reasons Why it was  No  to IndependenceTop 5 Reasons Why it was  No  to Independence
Snapdeal to offer prebooking for Mahindras new ScorpioSnapdeal to offer prebooking for Mahindras new Scorpio
FOREX-Sterling at 2-year high versus euro as Scots reject independenceFOREX-Sterling at 2-year high versus euro as Scots reject independence
Crystal Software Solutions to hold AGMCrystal Software Solutions to hold AGM
Atharv Enterprises: Outcome of AGMSep 19, 2014, 01.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Atharv Enterprises: Outcome of AGM
Atharv Enterprises Ltd has informed BSE that the 24th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 19, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Atharv Enterprises: Outcome of AGM
Atharv Enterprises Ltd has informed BSE that the 24th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 19, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Atharv Enterprises Ltd has informed BSE that the 24th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 19, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Kerala plantation industry resent tax hike proposalKerala plantation industry resent tax hike proposal
V. Sajeev Kumar
Tweet
Kochi, Sept. 19:  
The plantation industry has taken strong exception of the Kerala Government’s decision to hike taxes at a time when the industry is going through a tough phase.
The government’s move to enhance plantation tax by 100 per cent and land tax by 150 per cent would affect the industry hardly, as the prices of tea and rubber have been falling drastically, Association of Planters of Kerala has said.
Kerala is a ‘Plantation State’ which contributes 46 per cent of the plantation produce valued at an estimated amount of Rs 20,000 crore. Besdies, Kerala is the only state in the country which levies Plantation Tax.
Gilbert Dsouza, President, APK told reporters here on Friday that there is a mismatch between the high cost of production and price realization on the commodities. This has created a serious cash flow position to the plantation industry.
The price of tea and rubber are dropping day by day and the continuation of estate operations is slowing reaching a grinding halt. It may revert to 1999-2006 situations, he warned.
He pointed out that the price of tea has fallen by 30 per cent while that of rubber and cardamom come down to 40 per cent and 50 per cent respectively.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

New Zealandresearcher helps sequence genome that makes sheeps woolly coatNew Zealand researcher helps sequence genome that makes sheep’s woolly coat
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept. 9:  
An international team is said to have sequenced the sheep genome, pinpointing genes that are unique to sheep, including those that help support secretion of grease needed to maintain wool.
The researchers, which included Jo-Ann Stanton of University of Otago, New Zealand, compared the genetic underpinnings of sheep to other mammals and identified genes that could explain the sheep’s specialised digestive system and unique fat metabolism process that helps maintain its thick, woolly coat, New Zealand’s education agency, ENZ, said.
Stanton, who is in the department of anatomy, is a co-author on the paper detailing the genome, which appears in the latest edition of the leading international journal Science. The work was undertaken by the International Sheep Genome Consortium and Stanton and her team worked closely with colleagues from AgResearch on the project, Education New Zealand said in a release.
In the paper, Stanton says because sheep were an important agricultural species, the results of this effort could provide crucial resources for future research on this animal. “Sheep… have a unique digestive organ, the rumen, which turns plant material into a source of protein, and is found in other ruminants, including sheep, deer and cattle,” she said, adding that beyond nutrition, the team proposed an absence of expression of a distinctive fatty acid in the skin is linked to wool synthesis.
The researchers assembled the reference genome sequences of Texel sheep, a breed originally from the Netherlands, for their study.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

India s water reservoirs at 79% of capacity: govtIndia's water reservoirs at 79% of capacity: govt
Reuters
Tweet
NEW DELHI, Sept 19:  
Water levels in India's main reservoirs in the week to Sept. 18 were at 79 per cent of capacity, down just 5 percentage points from a year earlier, government data showed, aided by a late revival of rains despite a shaky start in June.
The latest level is 2 percentage points higher from a week earlier and 5 percentage points above the 10-year average, the data showed on Friday.
Weather officials expect rains to weaken from this weekend as the June-September monsoon season begins a delayed retreat.
Water level in reservoirs is vital for hydropower generation and irrigation. Reservoirs also provide water later in the year to irrigate winter crops such as wheat and rapeseed.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Scottish referendum dies of exhaustionScottish referendum dies of sheer exhaustion
By Matthew Engel in Edinburgh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/9816ca3a-3e78-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apollo Tyres Says Hungary Plant to Start Rolling Out Products by 2017You are here: Home Corporates
Apollo Tyres Says Hungary Plant to Start Rolling Out Products by 2017
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 17, 2014 21:25 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Apollo Tyres Ltd on Wednesday said it will start rolling out products from its 475 million euro green field plant in Hungary by 2017.
The company's board has approved the setting up of the facility that will have a total capacity of 5.5 million passenger car and light truck (PCLT) tyres and 6,75,000 heavy commercial vehicle (HCV) tyres per annum.
The facility, which will come up at the new industrial zone near Gyongyoshalasz, will produce both Apollo and Vredestein-branded tyres and will cater to the entire European market, and will complement Apollo Tyres' existing facility in the Netherlands.
"This investment would be our first one into a green field facility outside of India and would be a significant milestone in the company's international growth journey. Our aim is to create a benchmark manufacturing facility, which would further increase our competitive strength in the European market," Apollo Tyres vice chairman and managing director Neeraj Kanwar said in a statement.
The construction of the plant is expected to start in the spring of 2015 and the first tyre is likely to roll out in early 2017, the company said.
"Apart from providing direct job to 975 people, of which majority would be hired locally, this facility will also lead to creation of indirect jobs and contribute significantly to the development of the region," Mr Kanwar said.
Currently, Apollo Tyres has four manufacturing units in India, three in southern Africa and one in the Netherlands. The combined production capacity of all facilities put together is 1,700 tonnes per day.
The company decided to go ahead with the new plant in Eastern Europe after its failed $2.5 billion takeover of US-based Cooper Tire.
Shares in Apollo Tyres, on Wednesday, ended at Rs 201.30 apiece on the BSE, up 2.91 per cent from the previous close.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 21:21 (IST)

Jet to launch full services on all-economy subsidiary JetKonnectComments
In a bid to take on competition from Tata-SIA's Vistara airline which is yet to start operations, Jet Airways on thursday announced launch of full services even on its all-economy subsidiary JetKonnect from December and plans to consolidate into a single-brand.
Full service product with complementary meal service would be provided on all domestic flights from December one, with the buy-on-board concept being discontinued, an airline statement said.
The announcement was in line with its recent announcement of a uniform 'single brand', with Jet Airways commencing streamlining and aligning its domestic operations into "a single full service product to provide an enhanced and consistent product experience," the statement said.
"As the first of many upcoming initiatives, all guests booking flights on or after September 15 for travel on or after December one, will enjoy the full service experience onboard all Jet Airways and JetKonnect-operated flights across the domestic network," it said.
It said the 'Sky Cafe' or Jet's buy-on-board service would be discontinued.
Passengers currently booked on JetKonnect flights (holding flight numbers starting with S2), for travel from December one onwards would enjoy complementary meals, the statement added.
Industry sources said the move comes in timely as Air India, after joining Star Alliance, has enhanced its on-board product offerings and the new full-service airline, Vistara, getting ready to launch its flights in the next few months.
With its first-quarter losses narrowing this financial year, Jet Board decided to exit the low-fare segment and phase out its JetLite and JetKonnect or all-economy flight brands by the end of 2014.
All Jet Airways flights would also have two-class cabins instead of having a single-class configuration now existing in its no-frills subsidiaries.

Take that! Jivi launches entry-level smartphone for 1 999Comments
Feature phone maker Jivi on Thursday launched its first smartphone, which is 'extremely affordable', for Rs. 1,999, aimed at the masses.
The firm, which expects to sell about 2 lakh units of the device, claims this is the cheapest Android-based smartphone available in the country.
"The intent was clear. We want to make available a good quality smartphone at an extremely affordable price, we are doing this on very thin margins," Jivi Mobiles CEO Pankaj Anand told PTI.
He added that the firm will bring newer devices in the coming weeks powered by the latest Android KitKat operating system.
Earlier this week, another homegrown firm Intex had launched an Android KitKat powered smartphone for Rs. 2,699 with Flipkart, which it claimed was the cheapest in the country.
The dual SIM-JSP20, which will sold exclusively through ecommerce firm Amazon.in, features 3.5-inch screen, 1 GHz processor and Android Gingerbread OS.
It also sports 128MB RAM, 256MB memory (expandable up to 32GB), 2MP camera and 1350 mAh battery.
"This is an entry-level device for those looking to upgrade. This is in sync with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Digital India initiative," he said.
Asked how the company intends to reach users, who may not have access to Internet to purchase online, Anand said the firm will conduct on ground activities to help them.
"We will have people on ground, across colleges and other places to help people purchase the phone. Also, we will launch newer devices offline as well, this is just the beginning," he added.
The Indian smartphone market is witnessing intense competition, especially in the affordable category.
Touted as the fastest growing smartphone market globally, over 44 million smartphones were sold in the country last year, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms such as Micromax and Karbonn.
According to research firm IDC, 18.42 million smartphones were shipped in India in Q2 2014 with Samsung as the leader with a 29% market share, Micromax (18%), Karbonn (8%) and LAVA (6%).

Investors shun US inflation bondsInvestors shun US inflation bonds
By Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c3ee02ac-3f3d-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Warning on poor nations access to capitalFines on banks hit poor states’ access to cash, says Nomura
By Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dbbd42a6-3e9a-11e4-adef-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex zooms 481 pts on Fed cue  China tiesSensex zooms 481 pts on Fed cue, China ties
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 18, 2014
First Published: 10:01 IST(18/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:38 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
Enjoy the easy money while it lasts — is the message that the US Federal Reserve gave global investors on Thursday by retaining interest rate at near zero levels. The resulting flood of foreign inflows gave both the Sensex and the Nifty their biggest single-day gain in three months.
Rising optimism over India’s trade ties with China also boosted sentiments as the benchmark Sensex surged 481 points, or 1.8%, to end at 27,112.21. The broader NSE Nifty settled at 8,114.75, a gain of 139 points.
“There is a relief in the market after the outcome of the two-day US Fed meeting, which did not result in any major announcements,” said Dipen Shah, head, private client group research, Kotak Securities.
“This is critical for India under current circumstances when the domestic economy is undergoing a healing process. Some additional support in the form of global liquidity would augment this recovery process,” said Debopam Chaudhuri, chief economist, ZyFin Research.
Foreign portfolio investors who bought a net $14.14 billion in shares so far this year, have been key market drivers.
China’s commitment to invest $20 billion in India over the next five years also aided the rally. “Participants were truly excited by the prospects of huge investments by China in India’s infrastructure projects,” said Devang Mehta, senior vice-president, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
Major Sensex gainers included Hero MotoCorp (up 5.6%), HDFC (up 3.7%) and BHEL (up 3.5%).
Among sectoral indices, realty rose 4.7% followed by consumer durables (up 3.2%), capital goods (up 2.8%) and power (up 2.2%).
In the broader market, the BSE midcap index gained 177 points to 9,861.22 and the BSE smallcap index rose 291 points to 11,121.16.
Total market breadth was positive as 2,235 stocks ended in the black, 827 finished in the red while 94 closed unchanged.
“After the steep recovery, it’s likely that markets would pause on Friday; however, stock-specific move will keep the traders busy,” said Jayant Manglik, president, retail distribution, Religare Securities.
(with agency inputs)

Explosion Causes JetBlue Flight to Make Emergency Landingexplosion causes jetblue flight to make emergency landing
As leaders talk  soldiers face off at Chumar on LACIndian military sources said upwards of 500 Chinese troops had moved into a disputed stretch of the LAC near the village of Chumar.
Written by Praveen Swami , Pranav Kulkarni | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:36 am
Even as Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping met in New Delhi on Thursday, over a thousand troops from the two countries remained locked in a face-off along the Pare-Chu stream in Ladakh’s Chumar region.
Army sources described the face-off as the largest build-up of troops on the Line of Actual Control (LAC) since the crisis at Daulat Beg Oldi last year, but added that violence was unlikely.
“There has been no real tension between the troops, bar some pushing and shoving that broke out on Wednesday,” a senior military official said. “And we do not anticipate that this is going to escalate.”
“However,” the officer said, “the sheer numbers of troops committed by China is a cause for concern.”
While the Defence Ministry declined to comment officially, sources said the strength of troops on the Chinese side was upped to “about 1,000” by Wednesday evening. The number of troops on the Indian side is about 1,500, they said.
Modi referred to the tensions during his joint press conference with Xi, saying he had “expressed concern over the incidents that have taken place on the border”.
The studied language used by the PM contrasted with his election-time rhetoric, where he had frequently attacked the UPA government for failing to give a muscular response to Chinese military actions along the LAC.
Indian commanders from the Leh-based XIV Corps, and a Chinese military delegation led by Colonel Chen Zheng Shan, met on Wednesday in the latest in a series of efforts to defuse the crisis. The meeting, which followed a similar one held on Monday, ended without result.
Sources said there were no plans for another flag meeting at the moment.
Indian military sources said upwards of 500 Chinese troops had moved into a disputed stretch of the LAC near the village of Chumar — the last habitation in the Ladakh region before the Himachal Pradesh border — on Wednesday morning.
India and China differ on where the LAC runs in several areas. [See map] The Prime Minister called for “clarification work” to begin to resolve this divergence of interpretations, so that “peace and tranquillity” could be maintained along the LAC.
“For years now, troops on both sides have patrolled the disputed area, but this was the first incident where there’s been a build-up of this scale,” a military official in Leh said.
The Chinese mobilisation followed months of tension, which began after Chinese forces began to upgrade a road running up to the LAC in Chumar, on to what India claims to be its territory.
India objected to the construction, saying it violated an agreement between the two sides not to enhance military infrastructure in disputed areas.
In turn, China demanded that India dismantle an irrigation channel built near the Charding Nilu stream, a similarly disputed pocket in Demchok, several kilometres away.
The 2,000 sq km Chumar sector is continued…

Maharashtra: BJP-Shiv Sena deadlock over seat sharing  will they part ways54
0
Mumbai: In a major and surprising political development, the Shiv Sena on Thursday rejected the BJP ultimatum on seat sharing. The Shiv Sena leaders have empowered Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray to take the final decision which they think will be in the interest of Maharashtra and protect the self esteem of the Shiv Sena.
It was expected that some top BJP leaders would meet the Sena chief to discuss the seat sharing issues. But the BJP has come out with the 151 seats for Sena formula with an ultimatum.
In an emergency meeting of all the executive of the Shiv Sena, it was decided that the Shiv Sena will remain a dominant force as far as Maharashtra is concerned and will not cede the leadership of the alliance to the BJP.
The BJP has come out with the 151 seats for Sena formula with an ultimatum.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #shiv sena #bip #uddhav thackeray
However, the seat sharing seems to be the secondary issue. The primary issue is Shiv Sena's prestige. The very foundation of Shiv Sena is based on the honor of Maharashtra and the self-respect of the Shiv Sena.
Time and again it has made it clear that there seems to be no compromise on these issues. The BJP, which is not very comfortable with the idea of playing second fiddle to the Shiv Sena is targeting the coveted post of chief minister.
In the previous Shiv Sena-BJP government, the BJP held the post of deputy chief minister.
Close watchers of the Shiv Sena claims that if Balasaheb Thackeray, the late Sena Supremo was alive, no humiliation to the Marathi people would have been tolerated.
Amit Shah, the national president of BJP, also dropped a bombshell at all his public meetings in Marathwada on Thursday sought to vote for the BJP and not for the alliance. It clearly indicates that the BJP is also in a mood to quit the 25 year old alliance with Shiv Sena.
The allies of the Shiv Sena-BJP like Ramdas Athawale, RPI leader Raju Shetti of the Swabhimani Sanghatana have already appealed to both the parties to end the dispute in the larger interest of Maharashtra and make the state 'Congress-mukta' or 'Congress Free'.
However, their appeal seems to have failed to force the adamant alliance partners to bury the hatchet.
Sanjeev Unhale is a former executive editor of Marathi newspaper Lokmat, Aurangabad. He will be writing on Maharashtra elections for ibnlive.
13

So sari : Nirmala Sitharaman loses baggage on AI flight  keeps calmComments
Union minister Nirmala Sitharaman, who is flying to Cairns, Australia, on an official trip, has suffered a "precarious" lost-baggage problem, leaving her with virtually stranded in Sydney.
In a series of tweets, the minister appeared distressed. "On board my connecting flight to Cairns. All my formal wear in the lost suitcase! Not sure I can buy saries in Cairns. Situation precarious!"
Just so we can be of any help, we suggest the minister take a trip to the Saree Shop, Sydney. It's just round the corner on 42, Station Street East, near Harris Park, NSW 2150.
The minister, slated to participate in the G20 finance ministers' meet, found her checked-in luggage missing when she landed at Sydney to change planes to Cairns, according to a tweet she posted around 4 am Friday IST.
Landed in Sydney to take a connecting flight to Cairns. My checked in luggage not traceable. :( :(
— Nirmala Sitharaman (@nsitharaman) September 18, 2014
On board my connecting flight to Cairns. All my formal wear in the lost suitcase! Not sure I can buy Saris in Cairns! Situation precarious!
— Nirmala Sitharaman (@nsitharaman) September 18, 2014
The minister appears to have had a rather pleasant flight into Syndey, listening to Air India's rich collection of on-board entertainment. "#Air India - had a word of praise for the music collection on board. But now my luggage missing. Hopefully you'll get in time for me."
The minister is personally hunting for her stuff. But "I can't be going into areas where am not allowed, even to search", she said in another post.
Air India manager Madhu Mathen later said the lost baggae has been traced and it will be reaching Cairns in next six hours.
G20 finance ministers and central bank governors meeting is scheduled to be held in Cairns and expected to be attended by delegates, their families and staff from 24 countries and 12 international organisations, such as the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and the United Nations.
(With PTI inputs)

Richard Verma is the next US ambassador to Indiaprint
President Barack Obama on Thursday nominated former state department official Richard Rahul Verma, an Indian-American, as the next US ambassador to India.
Verma served as secretary of state Hillary Clinton’s point man on legislative affairs, working Capitol Hill using his experience there as a long-time congressional aide.
In 2008, he was on President Barack Obama’s transition team, which essentially eases into office the new administration, working with the outgoing administration.
And that, it was said, could indicate his proximity to the White House, an important barometer for New Delhi to measure the state of relations, and the effectiveness of the ambassador.
“He is committed to building the US-India relationship, has access to the highest levels of the White House, and is exactly who we need at the helm as we look to further strengthen US-India relations,” said congressman Joe Crowley in a statement.
The US was widely expected to announce a new ambassador to New Delhi before Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to the US, and DC to meet President Obama end of this month.
The previous US ambassador to US, Nancy Powell, left in less than pleasant circumstances, having fallen foul of the Indian government during the Khobragade controversy.
With Verma’s appointment as ambassador in Delhi, US state department’s South Asia desk, which oversees relations with India, will have a distinctly Indian feel to it.
Read: Housefull: With 10 days to go, Modi's US event is all sold out
Nisha Biswal, an Indian-American from Gujarat, heads the desk. And Atul Keshap, also of Indian descent — who served at the US embassy in Delhi, is one of her assistant deputy secretaries.
But Verma is not moving to Delhi tomorrow. His nomination has to be confirmed by Senate, where, however, he is not expected to encounter any major trouble or delay.
He currently serves as senior counselor at Steptoe & Johnson and the Albright Stonebridge Group, founded and run by Bill Clinton administration officials including Madeline Albright.
Verma is also a senior national security fellow at the Center for American Progress, a Washington DC think tank. 
He was senior national security advisor, counsel and foreign policy advisor to senate majority leader Harry Reid from 2002 to 2007. Verma also served with the US air force.

Chinese President Jinping meets Manmohan Singh  Sonia on 3rd day of his India tourSep 19, 2014 at 11:54am IST
Chinese President Jinping meets Manmohan Singh, Sonia on 3rd day of his India tour
16
0
New Delhi: On the third and final day of Chinese's President Xi Jinping's India visit, he met former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the national capital on Friday.
Jinping also met Congress President Sonia Gandhi and other party leaders.
He met Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan too.
Jinping is in India with his wife Peng Liyuan and is accompanied by high-powered delegation of 50 members.
#china #xi jinping #jinping india tour #manmohan singh
"The meeting took place at the Taj Palace Hotel as scheduled between 10 AM and 11 AM," a Lok Sabha official said.
Xi is staying at the Taj Palace in south Delhi's Dhaula Kuan area. He flies back to China later in the day after wrapping up a visit that saw him hold talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Jinping is in India with his wife Peng Liyuan and is accompanied by high-powered delegation of 50 members.
(With additional information from IANS)
6

Jammu & Kashmir floods claimed 277 lives: CM Omar Abdullah28
0
Srinagar: The floods that wreaked havoc in Jammu and Kashmir for over 10 days, turning out to be the worst ever flood of the century claimed 277 lives, said Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Friday.
The death toll in Jammu region reportedly is above 210 while in Kashmir Valley over 54 died in the calamity.
Jammu and Kashmir was hit by the worst-ever floods since 1892, wreaking havoc in several districts on either side of the Pir Panjal mountain range. Public infrastructure like bridges, roads and government buildings worth several thousand crore has been destroyed by the floods while the damage to private property including crops like apple and paddy is estimated to be several times higher.
The death toll in Jammu region reportedly is above 210 while in Kashmir Valley over 54 died in the calamity.

BSE Sensex extends gains  up 73 pts as sentiment remainsupbeatBSE Sensex erased early gains to end 21.79 points down on losses in capital goods, oil & gas, and realty shares. Reuters
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:38 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 4:48 pm
The BSE Sensex today erased early gains to end 21.79 points down on losses in capital goods, oil & gas, and realty shares but recent gains helped the benchmark log its sixth week of gains, the longest in over two years.
After opening in the positive zone at 27,139.39, the Sensex surged to touch the day’s high of 27,247.17 on continued buying by foreign funds and retail investors on positive domestic and global cues.
However, late selling at improved levels wiped off initial gains to close 21.79 points, or 0.08 per cent, down at 27,090.42. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 27,047.68.
The gauge rallied 619.70 points in previous two sessions on the back of rising optimism over trade ties with China and Fed’s continued pledge to retain rates at low levels.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex gained 29.37 points as it registered its sixth straight week of rise.
The 50-share NSE Nifty index managed to close in positive zone with a marginal gain of 6.70 points, or 0.08 per cent, at 8,121.45 as TCS, Lupin, Maruti Suzuki, Tata Steel, Axis Bank and Cipla stocks gained.
The barometer moved between 8,160.90 and 8,105.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Sentiments turned somewhat weak and early gains were pared after participants preferred to book profits in recent gainers at prevailing higher levels, equity brokers said.
“Profit-booking in bluechips at current levels, brought Sensex down”, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based broker.
Overall, 13 constituents of 30-share Sensex like L&T, HeroMoto Corp, Hind Unilever, Mahindra and Mahindra, ONGC, SBI, Tata Motors, RIL and BHEL fell while 17 others rose.
Shares of Tata Steel and TCS caught buyers’ fancy after Moody’s yesterday upgraded ratings of Tata Group firms.
Sectorally, the BSE Capital Goods index suffered the most by falling 1.89, followed by the Oil & Gas index that fell 1.22 per cent, Realty index 0.81 per cent, Auto index 0.70 per cent, Metal index 0.50 per cent, FMCG index by 0.40 per cent and Power index 0.40 per cent.
Bucking the trend, small-cap and mid-cap indices rose 0.63 and 0.04 per cent.
Globally, other Asian markets ended higher and European markets were in better form.
 

Sari worry for Nirmala Sitharaman as she loses baggage on AI flight toCairns"Landed in Sydney to take a connecting flight to Cairns. My checked in luggage not traceable," tweeted Sitharaman.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:36 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 2:53 pm
Union Minister Nirmala Sitharaman was in for a shock on Thursday after she discovered that her luggage, which she had checked in in an Air India flight, was untraceable.
Landed in Sydney to take a connecting flight to Cairns. My checked in luggage not traceable. :( :(
— Nirmala Sitharaman (@nsitharaman) September 18, 2014
When Sitharaman, who was on her way to Cairns, landed in Sydney to take a connecting flight, she found that her checked-in baggage had not reached the destination. The BJP leader took to Twitter to express her anguish over the situation, saying all her formal wear was in the lost suitcase.
On board my connecting flight to Cairns. All my formal wear in the lost suitcase! Not sure I can buy Saris in Cairns! Situation precarious!
— Nirmala Sitharaman (@nsitharaman) September 18, 2014
#Air India – had a word of praise for the music collection on board. But now my luggage missing. Hopefully, you’ll get it in time for me.
— Nirmala Sitharaman (@nsitharaman) September 18, 2014
The Union Minister also had to skip the G-20 reception as she did not have her luggage.
Sorry to miss the evening reception at the Palm Cove, Cairns. Staying put in the room. No word yet on my lost luggage.

Better Together: Scotland says  No  to independence from UKprint
Pro-Union supporters celebrate as Scottish referendum polling results are announced at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh. (AFP Photo)
Scotland has decisively rejected independence by winning more than half of the votes polled, concluding an intensely-fought campaign that threatened to tear asunder the 307-year-old United Kingdom.
With 31 out of the country's 32 council areas having declared results, the margin of victory was about 55% to 45%. Glasgow, Scotland's largest council area and the third largest city in Britain, voted in favour of independence, while capital Edinburgh, rejected it.
As many people across the country heaved a collective sigh of relief, the implications of the rejection were beginning to come to the fore: Westminster will have to deliver the promises of more powers to Scotland in the near future, made during the closing stages of the campaign.
“I accept the verdict of the people. We now face the consequences of the decision. Scotland will now expect the vows made by unionist parties to give more powers to be delivered,” said Alex Salmond, Scotland first minister and leader of the Yes campaign.
 
The verdict is expected to lead to a more federal United Kingdom, with more powers to Wales, Northern Ireland and England, along the lines of those to be handed over to Scotland.
Former prime minister Gordon Brown emerged as the main figure in the 'No' campaign with at least three passionate speeches towards the closing stages of the campaign, reviving his flagging political career.
 
Prime Minister David Cameron said he had congratulated Alistair Darling, leader of the Better Together campaign, while Nicola Sturgeon, one of the top Yes campaign leaders, expressed her ‘deep personal and political disappointment’.
Highlights: Scotland Votes
The turnout for Scotland's historic independence referendum could be the highest ever in the United Kingdom, for a vote on the future of the centuries-old union.
Some ballot boxes were brought by helicopter and others by boat from remote islands to be counted after polls closed, agency reports said.
The closure of the airport on the Isle of Lewis due to fog meant ballot boxes would have to make the slower journey by fishing boat.
 
The question for voters at Scotland's more than 5,000 polling stations was "Should Scotland be an independent country?" and they were asked to mark either "Yes" or "No".
  
A palace spokesperson told Sky news Queen Elizabeth II was following events from her family home Balmoral Castle in rural Scotland and is expected to comment later on Friday.
She is "kept abreast of information... from her team of advisers in London and Edinburgh," the spokesperson said.
The 'nay' sayers: Pro-union supporters celebrate in Glasgow as polling results are announced. (AFP Photo)
British prime minister Cameron had promised greater powers for Scotland's parliament in a last-minute bid to convince voters to stay in the union, prompting politicians in his Conservative party to call for the same treatment for England.
'Ripped out of the UK'
Many people in the rest of the United Kingdom were concerned about the prospect of Scottish independence, which would sever a deep bond and cut the UK's surface area by a third.
A lot of the debate was focussed on the economy, what currency an independent Scotland would use and whether it could be a member of the European Union.
Scotland's parliament, opened in 1999, holds some powers devolved from Westminster to set policy in certain areas of domestic policy, such as health and education.
For many voters, this was not enough.
"I voted 'Yes' because I decided Scotland should be governed by itself," said university administrator Sarah Rowell, 36, in Edinburgh.
A pro-independence observer watches as ballot cards are counted at the Royal Highland Centre counting hall in Edinburgh after ballot counting got underway in the referendum on Scottish independence. (AFP Photo)

Eleven Jinping costs Indian newsreader her jobSaptarishi Dutta @saptarishidutta
September 19, 2014
Newsreaders tend to spend time learning and practising the correct pronunciation of foreign names. Regardless, being live on camera and keeping up with the teleprompter can cause jitters, and errors.
An English newsreader at state-run broadcaster Doordarshan had an embarrassing moment on Thursday, when Chinese president Xi Jinping arrived in New Delhi for his talks with prime minister Narendra Modi. She confused the Chinese leader’s family name—Xi—for the Roman numeral XI, and read out his name as “Eleven Jinping”.
The broadcaster lost no time in letting her go.
“It’s true, we have sacked the concerned newsreader. We are putting systems in place to make sure such things don’t happen in future,” Prasar Bharti CEO Jawahar Sircar told Quartz.
There are others who make this mistake. Fortunately for them, not while reading news for a massive live audience.
Huge hoardings and posters of Xi Jinping and Modi all over Ahmedabad.I always misread his name as Eleven Jinping.
— Saket Jha (@MightyJhaYoung) September 15, 2014
Late night bulletins at Doordarshan are usually read by casual news readers since the regular staff isn’t keen on working late hours. The casual news readers work on contract and are not on Doordarshan’s payroll.
India’s media routinely gets conventions on the names of East Asian leaders wrong. Reports can be replete with “ Mr Jinping said ” or “ Mr Keqiang said .”
Although China had initially said it will invest $100 billion in India, Xi announced  investments worth only $20 billion  over the next five years. The two countries will jointly work on railway universities, Chinese industrial parks and civil nuclear cooperation.
But this summit is memorable for the state broadcaster only for having contributed a stellar candidate to the annals of journalism bloopers.
Here is the correct pronunciation of the Chinese president’s name.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Foreign medias reaction to Xi Jinpings IndiavisitPrime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping prior to a meeting at Hyderabad House in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI photo)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 1:01 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 1:25 pm
Chinese President Xi Jinping’s three-day visit to India generated curiosity across the world. The two Asian giants are one of the fast growing economies in the region and Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s outreach to India’s neighbours since he took over in May this year is touted as his attempt to make the region an economic hub with close business ties.
Modi rolled out a red carpet for Xi in Ahmedabad and showcased the Gujarati culture to the visiting dignitary. Here is how the world media reacted to President Xi’s visit and what it means for the region.
The New York Times writes, “China has the ability to channel billions of dollars into Indian infrastructure and manufacturing projects , allowing Mr. Modi to pursue the jobs-creation agenda that was at the heart of his campaign.”
(Source: The New York Times)
The BBC says, “Much like Mr Modi, Mr Xi is also a strong nationalist leader who has a hardline orientation on national security but remains eager to co-operate on economic issues. Mr Modi’s room for diplomatic manoeuvering is considerably higher than that of his predecessor, Manmohan Singh, who was constrained by his lack of political authority and his party’s seeming foreign policy ineptitude.”
(Source: BBC)
“Beijing has been unsettled by Indian-US cooperation in the Asia Pacific region and Indian’s stance on territorial disputes involving China and other nations in the South and East China Seas. Modi’s apparent rapport with his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, during a heavily publicised recent visit to Tokyo and his plans to meet Barack Obama later this month point to a carefully balanced approach to India’s relations with world powers,” writes the Guardian.
(Source: The Guardian)
An article on CNN says, “There are indeed a number of potential synergies. And India has much to learn from China.” However, the article adds that China may be India’s biggest trading partner, but China counts Europe, the U.S., Japan, South Korea, and even Brazil as more important partners right now. “Given the the two countries share a large border, India will want that status to change. For China, too, there are clear upsides to increasing trade with a neighbor that has growing economic needs and clout,” it added.
(Source: CNN)

Fed has cheered markets  how to make the best of it; strangle strategy may work wellDerivatives
(Analysts said traders have…)
MUMBAI: Derivatives traders, who had built bearish bets on the Nifty ahead of the key Fed meeting, scrambled to cover these positions after the US central bank surprised global markets by committing to keep interest rates at near-zero levels for "some considerable time".
Brokers and analysts said many traders were forced to book losses on these positions as the Nifty jumped soon after a weak opening. "Many traders were trapped with their positions on Thursday. They had to cover their short positions or book losses," said Alex Mathews, head of research at Geojit BNP Paribas.
Analysts said traders have been building short positions since September 8, when the Nifty had touched its all-time high of 8,180. Even after the correction since then, many of them had held on to these bets. Analysts said there are fewer short positions.
"We have seen major short-covering in markets on Thursday after Nifty had crossed 8050 levels. Currently, one can safely assume that there is no build-up of short positions in the system," said Jitendra Panda, managing director and CEO, at Peerless Securities.
Brokers said the build-up of futures and options positions by foreign institutional investors (FIIs) over the next few days would be closely watched. NSE's Volatility Index, or VIX which is a measure of traders' expectations of nearterm risks in the market based on Nifty options prices, hit an all-time low of 12.32 on Thursday. But, analysts expect the VIX to advance in the run-up to the September series futures and options expiry.
The highest open interest (outstanding position) build-up in Nifty put options was at 8,000 strike with 83.06 lakh shares.
Analysts interpret the build-up as an indication that the index will find support around these levels.
Nifty call options saw the highest open interest build-up at 8200 strike, suggesting traders expect the index to rise to this level over the next few days.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Renowned Carnatic musician Mandolin Srinivas dies at 45Renowned Carnatic musician Mandolin Srinivas dies
KV Lakshmana , Hindustan Times  Chennai, September 19, 2014
First Published: 12:43 IST(19/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:42 IST(20/9/2014)
Comments
India’s music fraternity woke up to the shocking news of the passing away of a child prodigy who grew into an inspirational Carnatic music icon – Uppalapu ‘Mandolin’ Srinivas -- on Friday morning. The mandolin expert was admitted to a private hospital in Chennai, where he breathed his last at 9.30 am after a failed liver transplant, hospital sources said. Srinivas was admitted a few days back with liver problems.
U Srinivas Mandolin (KPN)
His untimely death at a relatively young age of 45 plunged the music fraternity into sadness, with musicians across the country expressing grief over the great loss to the music world.
Within no time of the sad news breaking out, percussion maestro Zakir Hussain, who played with Srinivas, tweeted, “today mother India cries, today a part of Indian music died and we are orphaned. RIP my dear brother Mandolin Srinivas.” 
Today mother India cries, today a part of Indian music died and we are orphaned, RIP my dear brother Mandolin Srinivas
— Zakir Hussain (@ZakirHtabla) September 19, 2014
Srinivas had also played with flautist Pandit Hari Prasad Chaurasia.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu were among the first to pay their condolences . “Deeply saddened by sudden passing of U Srinivas, renowned Carnatic musician & legendary Mandolin player.  My condolences to family members,” Naidu tweeted.
The Prime Minister expressed grief on the passing away of renowned musician Shri Uppalapu Shrinivas.
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 19, 2014
Singer Shreya Ghoshal described him as one of the greatest musicians of the world. “And too young to go away,” she said echoing the sentiments of many people.
As a young boy from Palakol, a tiny village in West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, Srinivas took the very rigid and tough Carnatic music world in Chennai by storm. He picked up his father’s mandolin as a five-year-old and introduced it to the world of Carnatic music in its Mecca -- Madras as it was known then – and took it to great heights. He earned praise from legends like Semangudi Jayaraman and others.
Said an army official V Ganapathy, “When we were in 10th or 11th standard in Madras throwing paper bombs and chalks at each other, he (Mandolin Srinivas) was already a big star doing the rounds of The Music Academy (and he was nearly 5 years younger !!). Even here (in death, he beat us to it).”
A child prodigy, Srinivas grew into a master musician who took a Western musical instrument and married it successfully to the rigid world of Carnatic music that is steeped in discipline and tradition. His first public performance was way back in 1978 in Vijayawada, as a six-year-old.
He was still below 10 years when he performed at the Madras Music season in 1981 for the Indian Fine Arts Society.
As a child artist he started touring the world and was among the few Indian musicians to have performed at JazzFest in Berlin, way back in 1983. In 1988 he was awarded the Padma Shri.
He not only popularised a Western instrument among Carnatic musicians but also experimented with fusion of Carnatic music with Western classical, folk and pop music. He performed with Western artists such as Michael Brook, John McLaughlin, Nigel Kennedy, Trey Gunn, Michael Nyman and others.

PC Jeweller expects FY15 to be a game-changerYounger customers are prefering purchasing jewellery online
Sanjeev Bhatia
President-finance
PC Jeweller
In an interview to CNBC-TV18 Sanjeev Bhatia, CFO,  PC Jeweller spoke about the latest happenings in the company and the way ahead.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Sanjeev Bhatia's interview with CNBC-TV18's Ekta Batra & Anuj Singhal.
Ekta: One of the things that I wanted to start by asking you was that we are going into a festive season with the upcoming Diwali season. Can you just tell us in terms of the volumes and sales that you are seeing for the company how is it doing as compared to the same time last year?
A: The last quarter if you talk of 2013-2014 was very bad because that came immediately after that huge Q1. So, the Q2 of previous year was comparatively totally dull. However, now what we are seeing, the things are returning back to normal, people are coming back and the gold prices are stable. What we are witnessing is a back in the consumer footfalls as well as up going sales and more conversion of footfalls into sales as well. If the same trend continues then the upcoming festive season can be expected to be a bumper one.
Anuj: I am reading a brokerage report which says that you are exploring online sales. If you could tell us what is your target in terms of the kind of contribution that can come from online sales over the next 3-4 years because we have seen quite a bit of jump in e-commerce over the last 2-3 years?
A: That was our idea also. It is very necessary to be in sync with the changing consumer buying patterns and behaviours. Though as on date the wedding jewellery is not really being sold online but we are noticing that the younger customers are much more comfortable online rather than offline. So, even though you may not purchase wedding jewellery today on internet but we don't know what would happen four years hence.
Our immediate plan is to get connected with the younger customer, a boy or girl who is today 19 or 20 years old is your wedding jewellery customer when he or she would be 24 or 25 years. So if we start connecting to this set of customers now then we can always convert them to wedding jewellery customers 4-5 years hence.
So immediate our target is not sales or margins you are going to make from online. The immediate rationale for this is that this is where the future is going to lie and you cannot ignore or neglect this changing trend now.
Anuj: Your Q1 numbers were down quite a bit. Net profit was down 23 percent, even the income was down. What has been the trend in Q2 so far and overall do you think for the full year you will be able to report growth or would you report de-growth?
A: There is no option of reporting de-growth. We would be reporting good growth figures though at this stage I cannot specify any topline numbers or bottomline numbers. However, I can only commit confidently, this year is going to be a game changer for us.
PC Jeweller stock price
On November 21, 2014, PC Jeweller closed at Rs 239.05, down Rs 5.15, or 2.11 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 278.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 71.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 17.44 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 13.71. The latest book value of the company is Rs 93.93 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.54.
RELATED NEWS

Eye 25% growth  30% RoE in FY15: Indiabulls HousingGagan Banga, vice chairman & managing director,  Indiabulls Housing Finance says the company has a lot of scope for cost income ratios to come down and eyes a strong FY15.
Speaking to CNCB-TV18, Banga says the company is seeing reasonably strong retail demand.
Furthermore, he expects to earn a 30 percent return on equity (RoE) and a growth of 25 percent. 
Below is the edited  transcript of Gagan Banga’s interview with Latha Venkatesh & Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: What is the sense you are getting of demand for loans? We see them rather pathetic for the banking sector; it fell below 10 percent but almost all banks are swearing by the retail piece?
A: The retail side has been reasonably strong. The overall consumption side of India has remained reasonably robust through the last two to three years of otherwise extremely poor credit offtake as well as gross domestic product (GDP) growth.
Within that, the sector that we look into as a specialist, the housing sector, as I have often stated in the past the segment which is of homes being transacted below Rs 40-50 lakh and where loans are generally given in the range of Rs 20-30 lakh that sector is generally dominated by people who are buying their first home. The age profile has now dropped to about 35 years for such consumer and that segment continues to see reasonable momentum across the country.
Even in large cities while such homes have now moved to fairly distant suburbs but the momentum in all such homes and residential projects continues to be reasonably strong.
Reema: The report also talks about how the company has managed a pretty good turnaround, your return ratios are sitting at good levels so return on assets (RoA) stands at 3.3 percent and your core RoE or return on equity stands at 25 percent. Is there scope to improve either of your return on assets or return on equity from hereon or is the management aim just to maintain it at current levels?
A: RoE would definitely continue to improve. The company is extremely well capitalised. We ended FY14 with capital adequacy of 19.12 percent as against the statutory requirement of 12 percent. We sit at gearing level of about 5.5 times. Most of our peers sit at a gearing of about 8-12 times. So, the company can continue to expand the RoE.
We had guided for a growth rate of between 20 percent and 25 percent. We continue to stick to our guidance and are fairly confident of being able to continue to grow business at 20-25 percent. So, while I believe RoAs would more or less remain stable, RoEs over a period of time would definitely continue to improve.
There is scope for cost income ratios to continue to move down. They are at about 16 percent levels; I expect those to continue to improve. There is also scope for credit costs to move down. Last year we had 66 basis points of credit cost which I expect to move down. If that happens these may positively impact RoA. However, I continue to be extremely optimistic about improving the RoE.
Reema: Any number from the current core 25 percent internal target?
A: I think we should be targeting anywhere between 28 percent and 30 percent in due course of time over the next couple of years.
Latha: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has stopped giving fresh licenses for NBFC's because they have some grand plans about migrating some NBFC's to either payment banks, small banks or wholesale banks. Would your group be interested in any of these licenses?
A: Today it is quite interesting that with the type of asset constitution that we have, we would be sitting on the retail assets which are higher in value than most private banks and most public sector banks. I can think of four or five banks across the geography which would have retail assets which are higher than ours.
We also have a clear past where we can continue to grow our business four to five times from here without much of issues coming. So, as of today we would continue to remain optimistic about our housing finance business and at least for the time that we can grow our business four to five times from here and get to about Rs 2,00,000 crore. Till that time, it is best that the company focuses on remaining a housing finance company.
Reema: You also spoke that credit cost could come down from hereon. So, currently from 66 bps can you tell us how much lower could it go by the end of FY15?
A: For this year I think it will be between 55 basis points and 60 basis points. The longer term average as the mix continues to tend towards more and more home loans should be in the range of 50 basis points.
RELATED NEWS

UPL rises 3%; Citi ups target on strong EBITDA margin hopeSep 19, 2014, 12.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
UPL rises 3%; Citi ups target on strong EBITDA margin hope
The brokerage says having built a global and well diversified business, UPL is focused on raising return ratios. "Several margin levers and the intent to use rising cash flows to shrink the balance sheet would help drive the process, it adds.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
UPL rises 3%; Citi ups target on strong EBITDA margin hope
The brokerage says having built a global and well diversified business, UPL is focused on raising return ratios. "Several margin levers and the intent to use rising cash flows to shrink the balance sheet would help drive the process, it adds.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  UPL gained as much as 2.5 percent intraday Friday on hopes of strong growth in EBITDA margin and return on capital employed (RoCE) in next few years. Citi maintains buy rating on the stock with an increased target price at Rs 445.
The brokerage says having built a global and well diversified business, UPL is focused on raising return ratios. "Several margin levers and the intent to use rising cash flows to shrink the balance sheet would help drive the process, it adds.
UPL (formerly known as United Phosphorus) is a global generic crop protection, chemicals and seeds company.
Citi feels along with rising scale in each market and continued control on fixed overheads, there are a few margin levers that could drive EBIDTA margin up by 300-400 basis points over the next few years.
Brazil is structurally a higher-margin market (45-50 percent), implying more headroom as UPL drives efficiencies (procurement, financing, risk mitigation), expands the product basket (from own pipeline), and grows in scale, says the report.
Branded products contributed 75 percent to company's sales in the financial year 2013-14 as against 66 percent in FY12. The brokerages believes the focus on branded products and adjacent technologies (value-added solutions like drought mitigation, TRUST+ turnkey offer for banana crop, etc.) would aid margin improvement.
Even the ongoing cost optimisation (including a coal-based captive plant, which will help from mid-FY15) will also support the company, the brokerages adds.
UPL has saved Rs 280 crore (2.6 percent of turnover) over FY13-14 and sees more ahead.
The company's capex needs are normal and there is no major gap to be filled inorganically. So the management is focused on RoCE and intends to use free cash flow (estimated at Rs 3,900 crore in FY15-17E) to shrink the balance sheet, says Citi, adding debt reduction is the main option (Rs 3,400 crore gross) besides dividend (payout to stay at 20-25 percent) and buybacks (if price is right).
Citi forecasts RoACE improving from 18.5 percent in FY14 (15.8 percent in FY13) to 22.3 percent in FY16.
At 11:43 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 360.60, up Rs 1.45, or 0.40 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Cipla up 2%  grants exclusive rights to Salix for drugSep 19, 2014, 12.11 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cipla up 2%, grants exclusive rights to Salix for drug
Under the agreement, Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights for certain patent applications in the ‘Rifaximin Complexes’ patent family controlled by Cipla.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cipla up 2%, grants exclusive rights to Salix for drug
Under the agreement, Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights for certain patent applications in the ‘Rifaximin Complexes’ patent family controlled by Cipla.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Cipla jumped 2 percent intraday on Friday after it has signed an agreement with Salix Pharmaceuticals, a US-based specialty pharmaceutical company.
Under the agreement, Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights for certain patent applications in the ‘Rifaximin Complexes’ patent family controlled by Cipla.
“The grant is on a worldwide basis, excluding the countries of Asia (other than Japan) and Africa. Salix is required to make an up-front payment and, upon achievement, additional regulatory milestone payments to Cipla in respect of the new license agreement regarding the Rifaximin Complexes patent rights. Salix also will pay a royalty on net sales of products covered by the Rifaximin Complexes patents licensed to Salix,” Cipla said in a statement.
However, Cipla is also among one of the companies which will face maximum brunt of the new price cuts announced by National Pharma Pricing Authority (NPPA).  The drug pricing regulator capped prices of 43 formulations, including antibiotics Ciprofloxacin, and diabetes drug Metformin extended release tablets.
At 11:29 hrs Cipla was quoting at Rs 626.50, up Rs 6.25, or 1.01 percent on the BSE.
 

Indian Mulims will live and die for India  says Prime Minister Narendra Modiafghanistan
('My understanding is that al…)
NEW DELHI: If organisations such as Al-Qaeda think Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are being delusional, Prime Minister Narendra Modi told CNN International in an interview ahead of his much-anticipated US visit, adding that the fight against such outfits represents a battle between humanity and inhumanity.
"My understanding is that they are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country. Indian Muslims will live for India. They will die for India. They will not want anything bad for India," Modi told CNN's Fareed Zakaria in an interview to be aired on Sunday night.
Modi's intervention comes at a time Opposition parties have accused BJP of reverting to a hardline Hindutva agenda. In western UP, some local BJP leaders have launched a campaign against alleged instances of 'Love Jihad' — a supposed plot by Muslim men to seduce and marry Hindu girls with the purpose of conversion. After BJP's victory in the May general elections, a number of leaders of the party and the Sangh Parivar, notably RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, have described India as a "Hindu" nation.
They have also spoken of a larger Hindu identity for all Indians, including Muslims and Christians.
Replying to a question on "frictions and difficulties" in Indo-US ties, Modi said he was confident of building a genuine strategic alliance with the US.
The PM emphasised that the relations between two countries should not be seen solely from the prism of ties between New Delhi and Washington DC. "America has absorbed people from around the world...and there is an Indian in every part of the world. This characterises both the societies. Indians and Americans have coexistence in their natural temperament," Modi said, adding that India and the US are bound together by history and culture." These ties will deepen further," he said.
While there have been ups and downs in the Indo-US relationship, ties have deepened in the first decade of this century, Modi said. "Now, yes, for sure, there have been ups and downs in our relationship in the last century. But from the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century, has witnessed a big change. Our ties have deepened. That is why India and the United States of America are bound together, by history and by culture. These ties will deepen further."
After assuming office on May 26, Modi's foreign policy has been notable for its focus on Asian countries, particularly Japan, and with India's neighbours. Chinese President Xi Jinping concluded a three-day visit on Friday, and Modi has already visited Nepal and Bhutan.
Reflecting further on the threat posed by terror outfits such as Al-Qaeda, the PM said while he did not wish to indulge in "psychological and religious analysis" on why Indian Muslims had largely stayed away from such groupings, the issue had to be framed as a battle between "humanity and inhumanity" which concerned all mankind. "It's a question of whether or not humanity should be defended in the world. Whether or not believers in humanity should unite. This is a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race. We have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity. Nothing else," Modi said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kotak Mahindra Asset Management acquires schemes of PineBridge mutual fundSep 19, 2014, 01.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Kotak Mahindra Asset Management acquires schemes of PineBridge mutual fund
Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank, today has executed definitive agreement to acquire the domestic schemes of PineBridge Mutual Fund, subject to regulatory approvals.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Kotak Mahindra Asset Management acquires schemes of PineBridge mutual fund
Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank, today has executed definitive agreement to acquire the domestic schemes of PineBridge Mutual Fund, subject to regulatory approvals.
Post your opinion here
 
Kotak Mahindra Bank Ltd has informed BSE regarding a Press Release dated September 19, 2014 titled "Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company Limited acquires schemes of PineBridge Mutual Fund".  Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of Kotak Mahindra Bank, today has executed definitive agreement to acquire the domestic schemes of PineBridge Mutual Fund, subject to regulatory approvals. Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

No Indian university on top 200 listNEW DELHI, September 17, 2014
Updated: September 17, 2014 03:09 IST
No Indian university on top 200 list
Special Correspondent
Tweet
The Hindu IIT Delhi takes 235th place in the list
IIT-Bombay ranked 222 and IIT-Delhi at 235 while those in Kanpur, Madras and Kharagpur are in the 300 range.
Not a single Indian higher education institution has made it to the top 200 of the QS World University Rankings, which were released on Tuesday morning.
The first Indian presence on the list is the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Bombay, ranked 222.
IIT Delhi comes in second at 235 while those in Kanpur, Madras and Kharagpur are in the 300 range.
Delhi University comes in the 420 to 430 band.
Other Indian institutions that have made it to the rankings are Calcutta University, Benares Hindu University, Pune University, the Indian Institute of Science and Jawaharlal Nehru University.
All the top 10 positions in the rankings list are taken by the U.S. and U.K.-based universities with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology retaining the first position for the second year running.
The National University of Singapore leads the pack as far as the Asian continent is concerned and is ranked 22nd.
The poor showing of Indian institutions in world university rankings has become a cause of concern among educationists in the country and efforts have been under way for a couple of years now to evolve an India-generated ranking system.
A ranking committee – set up by the United Progressive Alliance government – has already submitted its report.
As per the proposal, an India-generated ranking system would ensure that the large set of institutions across the country are properly ranked and placed in proper perspective, factoring in aspects that are peculiar to India like the quota system.
Besides providing an Indian benchmark that can be used by world ranking lists as an indicator, a domestic ranking list would also help students and parents make a more informed choice instead of just going by lists brought out by media houses.
Search

MCX Can Launch Contracts After New Tech Deal With Financial Tech: RegulatorApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX) can launch new contracts for January, February and March of 2015 after if it signs a fresh technology deal with its erstwhile promoter Financial Technologies India Ltd (FTIL), the Forward Markets Commission (FMC) said on Wednesday.
Commodity markets regulator FMC, however, made it clear that the bourse will be allowed to roll out contracts for all 12 months of 2015 once the full divestment of Jignesh Shah-led Financial Technologies in MCX takes place as per the regulatory norms.
MCX has been seeking permission to launch fresh contracts for 2015 but FMC had warned that it would not allow new contracts unless FTIL brings down its 26 per cent stake to 2 per cent as per its order dated December 17, 2013.
Last year, FMC had declared FTIL unfit to run any exchange in the wake of a Rs 5,600-crore payment crisis at group company National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL). FTIL has exited from the bourse by selling its entire stake to various investors.
However, its deal with Kotak Mahindra Bank to sell a 15 per cent stake in MCX is yet to be completed.
In a letter to MCX, the regulator FMC said, "The MCX can launch contracts up to March 2015 as soon as a new technology agreement is signed between MCX and FTIL."
This is being done in view of the fact that signing of such an agreement is a pre-condition for the sale of shares from FTIL to Kotak Mahindra Bank. "It is expected that the divestment will be completed by FTIL soon after signing of the technology agreement," it said.
That apart, the commodity market watchdog said, "The MCX can launch all its contracts for the year 2015 once the full divestment by FTIL in MCX takes place in compliance of the Order of the Commission dated December 17, 2013."
FMC said it has received representations from market participants to permit launch of fresh contracts in MCX to ensure continuity of trading and hedging on the platform.
MCX is also directed to vigorously take all pending actions on findings of PwC Report and furnish an updated compliance report by October 15, it added.
Financial Tech has assured the regulator that it will sign the new technology deal by end of this month.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 20:30 (IST)

De Beers Warns Diamonds Are Not Forever  Supply to Fall from 2020Indian Refiners Pay $400 million to Iran Under Interim Deal: Report
Diamond miner De Beers warned on Wednesday that global production will decline from 2020, a trend that could spell pricier bling for consumers.
A dearth of major new diamond finds means that production might not keep up with ever-increasing demand from the United States, China and India, the firm claimed.
"Unless major new discoveries are made in the coming years, supply can be expected to decline gradually from 2020," De Beers said, forecasting rocky times ahead for the $85 billion a year industry.
Existing mines in Botswana, South Africa and Namibia are becoming depleted and the need to dig deeper has made operations less profitable.
De Beers said exploration has now turned to Angola, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Zimbabwe, Arctic Siberia and Canada.
But the last major mine discovery came a decade ago in India, at Rio Tinto's yet to be completed Bunder project.
Still, a shortage of supply might not necessarily be bad news for the Luxembourg-based firm, which accounts for around 33 per cent of overall rough diamond sales.
Demand from the United States -- the world's largest market for diamonds -- and growing appetite for the gems from China and India's middle class, will likely create a seller's market.
"Even under scenarios of volatile or weaker global economic growth, demand for diamonds is expected to show positive real growth in the next decade," De Beers said.
China, India demand growing
China has the fastest growing demand, jumping to a share of about 15 per cent of the world's diamond market from less than three percent in 2003.
But it is not expected to overtake the US market's 40 per cent share for more than a decade, De Beers CEO Philippe Mellier said.
"China and India, the engine for growth, these two big markets clearly could be as big as the US in the next maybe 15 years," said Mellier, who was in Hong Kong for the Jewellery and Gem Fair.
"For China to go up to 40 per cent share of the world market, it's still some ways to go," Mellier said, adding he expects the Chinese market to grow more than 10 percent per annum for "many more years".
De Beers said China's anti-corruption drive, which has hurt demand for luxury goods, would not affect the diamond industry.
"I think our business is less impacted by that compared to others," Stephen Lussier, CEO of De Beers Forevermark said, with diamonds usually used at weddings and other "emotional events" in life.
Global diamond jewellery sales were around $79 billion (Rs 4.7 lakh crore) in 2013, up 3 per cent compared to 2012, according to De Beers' first Diamond Insight Report.
Sales are expected to grow in the long term helped by recovery in the US economy as well as the growth of the middle class in the developing markets of China and India.
The company had said earlier than it expects "good to very good" second quarter results in India, which has seen increasing demand for the gems.
Founded in 1888 in South Africa, De Beers last year reported $1 billion (Rs 6,100 crore) in operating profit -- more than double that of 2012.
($1 = 61 rupees)

Infosys Partners With China s Huawei for Cloud-based ProjectsApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Infosys Ltd said it signed a global partnership with China's largest telecom equipment maker Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. to offer enterprise customers cloud, big data and communication solutions.
Huawei and Infosys will also provide other enterprise-oriented services to combine Huawei's cloud infrastructure and global IT service expertise from Infosys, the companies said in a statement.
Infosys, led by Chief Executive Vishal Sikka, has been planning to boost investment in cloud computing, smartphone apps and other new technologies to win more high-margin outsourcing contracts.
Huawei and Infosys will explore setting up a joint lab in China to enable better delivery in all areas of the partnership, the companies said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Gold Imports Seen Up  Premiums Likely To Double On Festive BuyingYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold Imports Seen Up, Premiums Likely To Double On Festive Buying
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 14:51 (IST)
Indian Refiners Pay $400 million to Iran Under Interim Deal: Report
India's monthly gold imports are set to rise by as much 50 per cent from current levels while premiums could almost double as the country gears up for a surge in demand ahead of the year-end festivities and wedding season, industry sources said.
More purchases by the world's No.2 gold consumer after China could help support global bullion prices, which are mired near an 8-1/2-month low of $1,216.01 per ounce amid fears a faster hike in US interest rates would dent its appeal as a hedge against inflation.
"Gold imports are expected to rise to about 70-75 tonnes per month in the coming months as against a monthly average of 50-60 tonnes," said Prithviraj Kothari, vice-president of the India Bullion & Jewellers' Association.
Gold futures in the country are trading at Rs 26,734 ($437.58) per 10 grams, down over 10 per cent on the year.
Gold sales are expected to rise by 15 per cent to 20 per cent this festive season from year-ago levels, said Bachhraj Bamalwa, director of the All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation.
Next month Indians will celebrate Dhanteras, associated with Lakshmi - the goddess of wealth, when buying gold is considered auspicious, followed by the festival of lights Diwali and then the wedding season that will extend into early next year.
But the stronger demand could squeeze supplies in the domestic market and push up local prices.
"In the short-term, gold prices are expected to rise to Rs 28,500 per 10 grams," said Kothari.
Indian gold premiums to the global benchmark are also expected to jump to about $12-$15 an ounce, from the current $7-$10 an ounce, industry officials said.
Total 2014 imports are, however, likely to fall to about 700-750 tonnes from 900 tonnes a year ago because of thin arrivals earlier this year, said Mr Kothari, helping to keep a lid on the country's current account deficit.
Last year, a ballooning deficit prompted India to put curbs on gold imports, including a 10 per cent duty. While the government has allowed private jewellery exporters to import again, it is reluctant to lower the duty.
Jewellery forms a big part of Indian gold demand, accounting for about 75 per cent of the total in the second quarter, World Gold Council data showed. India's investment demand for gold slumped 67 per cent on year in the June quarter.
"The likely rise in demand is not expected to hurt the country's deficit because gold imports are under control and international prices are also lower," said Mr Kothari.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Maruti to vote in November whether to let Suzuki own Gujarat plantNew Delhi, September 18, 2014
Updated: September 18, 2014 23:14 IST
Maruti to vote in November whether to let Suzuki own Gujarat plant
Staff Reporter
Reuters A worker cleans Maruti Suzuki Swift Dzire car at the comany's stock yard in Sanand.
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
Maruti Suzuki India Chairman R. C. Bhargava, on Thursday, said voting by minority shareholders over developing manufacturing facilities in Gujarat through a wholly-owned subsidiary of parent Suzuki Motor Corporation (SMC) was likely to happen in November instead of October as was envisaged earlier.
“It is a long procedure. We have not finalised as of now. October will not be possible because time is not adequate for that. The earliest it can happen is in November,” Mr. Bhargava said on the sidelines of an event organised by Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India. Asked about the resignation of Mayank Pareek, the chief operating officer (marketing and sales) of Maruti Suzuki India, he said, “I am not sure why it is such a newsworthy story because senior colleagues have been leaving the company all the time… This is part of the way what happens in all companies”.
Further, on the impact of Mr. Pareek’s resignation on Maruti’s shareholders, Mr. Bhargava said, “I think Maruti is not a company which is run by individuals. It is a company which is run by systems and processes. It certainly would be incorrect to believe that shareholders invest because of persons. I think they invest because of what a company is and how it is run and what the systems are.” Later in the day, Maruti announced the appointment of R. S. Kalsi as head of domestic marketing and sales. Mr. Kalsi, who is currently Executive Director heading the parts, accessories and outbound logistics divisions of the company, will report to the Managing Director Kenichi Ayukawa, the company said in a statement.
Shashank Srivastava, Executive Director, will continue to head international marketing for the company, and will also report to Mr. Ayukawa.
Mr. Ayukawa said, “Having worked in close partnership with the company’s domestic dealer network, Mr. Kalsi has a sound understanding of customer needs and preferences.” “With Kalsi heading our domestic marketing and sales efforts, and Shashank spearheading our international operations, we will be in a very good position to strengthen our bond with customers as we move towards our medium term goal of two million annual vehicles sales,” he added.

Bank of England signals dim view of household debtBank of England signals dim view of household debt
By Chris Giles, Economics Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/de240868-3ce7-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jet expands foreign base  adds new Gulf routesJet expands foreign base, adds new Gulf routes
Aneesh Phadnis | Mumbai: Sep 19, 2014 12:50 AM IST
In its schedule for the coming winter season, Jet Airways is expanding its international services, with new flights to Dubai, Doha and Abu Dhabi. The airline feels increasing foreign operations will boost foreign exchange earnings and offset rupee’s depreciation.
New services have been planned to Dubai from Kochi and Mumbai; Doha from Mumbai, Kozhikode and Thiruvanthapuram; and Abu Dhabi from Ahmedabad, Lucknow and Goa. The airline has already announced new flights to Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam via Bangkok from November, as well as additional flights on the Mumbai-Bangkok and Mumbai-Colombo routes. International operations account for 56 per cent of Jet’s overall revenue; the airline plans to increase this to about 60 per cent. It is scaling down domestic services, adding flights on short international routes, and exploring new flights to Yangon and Seychelles. It is also considering resuming services to Kuala Lumpur.
For 2013-14, Jet Airways reported a record loss of Rs 4,129 crore. Now, it is working on a three-year business plan to turn profitable by 2017. The plan includes financial restructuring, a new route-and-network plan and enhancing products. The airline’s expansion into the US has been hit by the fact that the Federal Aviation Administration (the aviation authority in the US) has downgraded India. Sources said due to this, the Jet Airways Boeing 777-300ERs, currently on lease to Turkish Airlines, would now be leased to Etihad, Jet’s equity partner.
Etihad will upgrade its Delhi-Abu Dhabi service from November, flying Boeing 777-300ER (leased from Jet Airways) instead of the narrow-bodied Airbus A320. Currently, it has two flights a day on the Abu Dhabi-Delhi route (A320 and A330). The airline is likely to add a third flight between Mumbai and Abu Dhabi, though this is yet to be finalised. Currently, Etihad flies 112 flights a week to 10 cities in India (rival Emirates operates 185 weekly flights).
Etihad and Jet Airways did not respond to email queries on their plans.

Isis fighters surround Syria Kurdish townSyrian Kurds appeal to Turkish brethren for help fighting Isis
By Erika Solomon in Beirut and Piotr Zalewski in Istanbul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6f22e10a-3f44-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buy L&T  Adani Enterprises Today: Sanjeev BhasinSensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
The Nifty may test its previous high of 8,180 as global cues have turned extremely bullish. Indian bourses saw a huge short covering rally yesterday. With event risk of the Federal Reserve policy over, expect further gains with stock/sector outperformance continuing.
Continued weakness in oil & gold will see the return of foreign exchange traded fund (ETF) flows with rupee also strengthening over the medium term.
For today, these stocks could do well with a 3-4 day outlook;
1) Buy L&T: 1570-1577, stop loss 1540, target 1640
2) Buy Adani Enterprises: 508-513, stop loss 499, target 540
Also, carrying previous trading calls,
3) Buy Maruti Suzuki: 2970-2995, stop loss 2900, target 3150
4) Sell M&M: 1380-1390, stop loss 1414, target 1320
Book profits in the following stocks recommended earlier,
5) Buy Zee Entertainment: 290-295, stop loss 283, target 315
6) Buy IGL: 408-413, stop loss 394, target 432
7) Buy BL Kashyap: 13-13.5, stop loss 11, target 18
Story first published on: September 19, 2014 08:34 (IST)

Tech Mahindra  Bosch Software Innovations to build Internet of Things ecosystemE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Chinese troops begin withdrawing from Indian territoryE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Nepal clears GMR s plan for $1.4 billion hydroelectric plantNepal okays GMR's $1.4-bn hydel unit plan
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 20, 2014 12:50 AM IST
At a time when the publicly held GMR Infrastructure is looking at conserving cash and exploring various options to get its highly volatile leverage issue under control, the Nepal government has awarded it a Rs 8,500 crore 900 Mw hydropower project. GMR Infrastructure had initiated this proposal in 2008 and due to internal issues of various Nepal governments, the nod to this project has come after a long wait.
GMR Infrastructure during that time was on an expansive global expansion plan but has over the past 18 months tightened its belt to shed various assets, raise equity, free cash flows and is looking at managing its cash resources more efficiently.
A cabinet member of the Nepal government said it had cleared the way for this project in the northwest. This will be Nepal’s biggest inward foreign direct investment.
GMR’S FOREIGN DREAMS
2008: Buys global Intergen Power for $1.2-billion but exits in 2011 at a loss to reduce debt
 
2008: Signs contract to upgrade airport in Turkey but exits at a profit of Rs 1,300 crore in 2013
 
2010: Signs a 25-year contract to upgrade airport in the Maldives but forced to give up after 2 years. GMR presses for a $1.4-bn compensation
 
2013: Exits from a  power project in Singapore after four years
A GMR spokesperson confirmed the contract and said they expected to sign the final project development agreement shortly. After that, GMR will be roping in financial investors for the project in which the Nepal government will hold around 27 per cent equity.
However, GMR executives were unwilling to comment on the funding structure for the project when it was hard-pressed to deploy resources. GMR currently has corporate debts of as much as Rs 2,000 crore at the enterprise level taken specifically for the power vertical and is exploring various options to whittle them down, either through a private or a public offer or through divestment.
GMR has a little over 2,500 megawatt (Mw) of operationalised capacity across thermal and gas projects, while it is in the process of setting up 2,300 Mw of capacity. GMR has so far committed Rs 33,000 crore to its power projects, but the revenues have been lagging given problems at almost half of its plants due to low availability of natural gas.
The power vertical accounts for around 30 per cent of the company's revenues of Rs 10,000 crore and GMR is hoping that with fresh capacity coming on stream, the inflow from the power sector will be substantial.
China’s Three Gorges International Corp, is also in talks with Investment Board Nepal to build a $1.6 billion dam to generate 750 megawatts of electricity on the West Seti River in the same area, as Beijing competes with New Delhi for influence in Nepal.
The GMR plant, set for completion in 2021, will provide 12 per cent energy free to Nepal to ease a power shortage and help its economy emerge from a decade-long civil war that scared away investors and slowed infrastructure projects.
Officials said Investment Board Nepal will now sign a Project Development Agreement (PDA) with GMR, which will construct transmission lines across the border to transmit the remaining electricity to India.
The agreement was expected to be signed during Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit in August but was delayed because some political parties wanted to ensure that the supply of water to irrigation canals on the same river would remain unaffected by the dam, as well as other benefits to Nepal.
GMR will build a separate power house to generate two megawatts of electricity to be supplied to villagers in Achham, Surkhet and Dailekh districts where the project will be located, officials said.
A group of former Maoist rebels says benefits to Nepal were not adequate and has vowed to protest against the scheme.
Nepal's economy is expected to grow 4.6 per cent in 2014-15, against the government target of 5.2 per cent, with the country facing up to 16 hours of daily power cuts during the dry season when its rivers flow slowly.
Tourism and aid-dependent Nepal, one of the world’s 10 poorest countries, has an electricity shortfall of about 600 megawatts. The cash-strapped government is trying to attract foreign investment to generate hydroelectricity and has offered tax incentives to investors in the hydropower sector.

Microsoft Corporation lays off 2 100  axes Silicon Valley armE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Pound rallies as Scotland stays in UKS&P 500 retreats from record high
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17efbb1a-3f9e-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex Turns Flat  Broader Markets OutperformYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Rise Amid Broad Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 19, 2014 11:14 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
BSE Sensex and Nifty gained some traction in noon trade with the indices rising nearly 0.5 per cent. Gains in Indian markets tracked higher Asian markets which were boosted after the Scottish independence vote indicated Scotland would remain in the United Kingdom.
Market expert Rajat Bose is cautious, saying that Nifty faces resistance at its all-time high level of 8,180 levels. Though the sentiment is strong, weekly technical indicators show some weakness, he added.
In currency trade, the rupee also edged higher to 60.77/dollar against its previous close of 60.83.
The Sensex was up 106 points to 27,218 while Nifty rose 38 points to 8,153. The buying activity was stronger in broader markets with BSE midcap and smallcap indices rising nearly 1 per cent.
Among frontline stocks, strong buying was seen in IT stocks, with HCL Tech, TCS and Tech Mahindra rising between 2.5 per cent and 4 per cent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added 0.2 per cent, also supported by cheer on Wall Street, where both the benchmark S&P 500 and the Dow Jones industrial average set intraday record highs. Sentiment was also underpinned by news that Alibaba Group Holding priced its IPO at $68 a share, the top end of the expected range, raising $21.8 billion on Thursday in one of the largest-ever stock offerings.
(With Agency Inputs)

UN declares Ebola outbreak  threat to peace and securityPress Trust of India | United Nations | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:11 pm
The UN Security Council has declared the Ebola outbreak in West Africa a threat to peace and security, with UN chief Ban Ki-moon deciding to deploy an “unprecedented” emergency health mission to combat the outbreak that has impacted the lives of millions.
In his remarks to the Security Council on Thursday, Ban said despite wide-ranging efforts, the spread of the disease is “outpacing” the response.
“No single government can manage the crisis on its own. The United Nations cannot do it alone. This unprecedented situation requires unprecedented steps to save lives and safeguard peace security. I have decided to establish a UN emergency health mission, combining the World Health Organisation’s strategic perspective with a very strong logistics and operational capability,” he said in the Security Council’s first emergency meeting on a public health crisis.
The international mission will be known as the UN Mission for Ebola Emergency Response, or UNMEER and would have five priorities of stopping the outbreak, treating the infected, ensuring essential services, preserving stability and preventing further outbreaks.
Under the leadership of a Special Representative of the Secretary-General, it will bring together the full range of UN actors and expertise in support of national efforts.
Ban said the goal is to have the mission’s advance team on the ground before the end of the month.
He said the mission’s effectiveness will depend crucially on support from the international community. “Our best estimate is that we need a 20-fold increase in assistance.”
The UN this week outlined a set of critical needs totalling almost a billion dollars over the next six months.
Ban spoke before the Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution, sponsored by 131 countries – more than any other sponsors of a resolution to date in the chamber – “determining that the unprecedented extent of the Ebola outbreak in Africa constitute a threat to international peace and security.”
Expressing concern about the detrimental effect of the isolation of Ebola-hit Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone as a result of trade and travel restrictions imposed on the affected countries, the Council called on member states, including of the region, to remove such restrictions imposed as a result of the outbreak and facilitate the delivery of assistance, including qualified, specialized and trained personnel and supplies to the affected countries.
Briefing the Council members, World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan said, “None of us experienced in containing outbreaks has ever seen, in our lifetimes, an emergency on this scale, with this degree of suffering and with this magnitude of cascading consequences.”
Chan said the WHO Ebola Response Roadmap outlines 12 critical actions.
“The fact that the US, the UK, China, Cuba and other countries are using a variety of assets, including military, speaks to the complexity of continued…

Scots say  no ;  surges to a 2-year high  British markets bounce backUK markets bounce after Scotland rejects independence
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 12.06PM IST
Stocks were called to open up by more than 1 percent, sterling rose to a two-year high against the euro, and currency market volatility quickly subsided.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Investors in British financial assets breathed a sigh of relief on Friday, spared a prolonged and unprecedented degree of uncertainty from the United Kingdom splitting apart after Scotland voted against independence.
Stocks were called to open up by more than 1 per cent, sterling rose to a two-year high against the euro, and currency market volatility - which had reached historically high levels ahead of Thursday's vote - quickly subsided.
Scotland's vote against independence ended a fraught two weeks for markets that had seen the value of sterling fall sharply after some polls suggested the 307-year old union was on the brink of collapse.
The bounce for sterling was much less pronounced than some analysts had forecast, with the currency falling back after its initial gains to be up just 0.3 per cent against the dollar.
But the vote not only keeps Britain intact but also reduces the likelihood of it leaving the European Union , potentially a much greater risk for markets and something Scottish independence might well have precipitated, analysts said.
"The 'no' vote removes the huge political and economic uncertainty of untangling the 307-year-old union. A large downside risk to UK growth has lifted," HSBC strategists said in a note on Friday.
London blue chip stock futures and spreadbetter calls pointed to a 1.2 per cent rise when markets open later on Friday.
The cost of insuring against big swings in sterling over the next week more than halved to 5.675 per cent from a close on Thursday of 11.8 per cent. Volatility had risen to levels not seen since the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008 and the unusually uncertain UK general election of 2010.
Sterling itself, already pushed up on Thursday by speculation on markets that Alex Salmond's nationalists had fallen short of the majority needed for independence, rose to a two-year high against the euro, with the single currency trading as low as 78.10 pence.
It came back off its peak against the dollar above $1.65, but was still up a third of one per cent on the day at $1.6460 .
"Markets can move on from this event now, but the fate of the pound is still subject to great debate," said Chris Weston , chief market strategist at IG in London.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Pound rises strongly0.00
+0.02
Brenda Kelly from IG Index said: "Investors in these firms will be relieved that management will be able to devote their time to business performance, rather than fretting about contract changes or headquarter moves.
"There is still uncertainty, primarily over the new changes to voting on English issues, but these are of importance primarily to politicians and less so to markets," she added.
The main Spanish share index, the IBEX, jumped more than 1% in early trade, but fell back in the afternoon. That was attributed to the 'No' vote because it was seen as reducing the chances of a breakaway in Catalonia.
The boss of Aberdeen Asset Management, Martin Gilbert, who had previously said that Scotland "would prosper" as an independent country, also welcomed the end to the uncertainty of the last few months.
"Scotland has long been a world leader in business sectors such as oil and gas, whisky and investment and the task now is to grow the rest of the economy with the strong support of politicians of all parties," said Mr Gilbert.
Analysis: Kamal Ahmed, BBC business editor
Sterling wasn't the only thing with a spring in its step this morning. Business leaders who had expressed concerns about the possibility of independence will also be relieved that all those contingency plans for possible upheaval can be put away - for the foreseeable future at least.
Business attention will now quickly turn to the constitutional changes announced by the prime minister this morning. Although initially it may not seem a business matter, greater federalism in the UK could have significant ramifications.
There may never be an English Parliament - I'm sure the last thing voters want is more politicians - but if powers over the setting of taxes and business policies for example are devolved to the four nations of the UK, then chief executives will have to sit up and take notice.
The 'Yes' campaign has called for national unity in the wake of defeat
Supporters of the 'No' campaign celebrate
'Disruption avoided'

Sensex trading flat; IT  TECk stocks major gainersSensex ends marginally in the red
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session near flat due to profit-taking by funds and retail investors amid firm global cues.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex ended down 21.79 points at 27,090.42 and the 50-share NSE index closed marginally up by 6.7 points at 8,121.45.
Among BSE sectoral indices, IT and TECk indices were the star-performers and were up 1.39 per cent and 1.13 per cent, respectively. On the other hand, capital goods index was down 1.89 per cent, oil & gas 1.22 per cent, PSU 0.97 per cent and realty 0.81 per cent.
TCS, Maruti, Cipla, HDFC and Wipro were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were L&T, ONGC, SBIN, HUL and Hero MotoCorp.
European stocks rallied to the highest level since January 2008, with the UK benchmark gauge trading near a 14-year peak, as Scotland voted to reject independence from Great Britain. US index futures and Asian shares also climbed.
Scotland spurned independence in a historic referendum that threatened to rip the United Kingdom apart, sow financial turmoil and diminish Britain's remaining global clout.
Stoxx 50 was up 18.42 points or 0.56 per cent at 3,289.79, FTSE 100 gained 35.54 points or 0.52 per cent at 6,854.83,CAC 40 was up 15.75 points or 0.35 per cent at 4,480.45 and DAX climbed 55.30 points or 0.56 per cent at 9,853.43.
Sterling was last up 0.4 percent at $1.6460 after rising as high as $1.6525, a marked turnaround from a 10-month low of $1.6051 touched just last week. The move helped push the dollar to a six-year high against the yen in cross trading, market participants said.
Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures rose 0.4 per cent. while the MSCI Asia Pacific Index climbed 0.3 per cent.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

S&P BSE 500 index hits record high led by Tata Group sharesS&P BSE 500 index hits record high led by Tata Group shares
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 12:20 PM IST
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) S&P BSE Sensex hit a record high today, led by Tata Group companies, after global rating agency Moody's raised multiple ratings of group firms including Tata Motors, Tata Steels and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS).
At 1218 hours, S&P BSE 500 index was up 0.2% or 21 points at 10,430 points. It touched new high of 10,478 points during intra-day trade today.
In past three trading sessions, the index gain nearly 3% on the back of the US Federal Reserves decision to keep interest rates near zero for a considerable time.
S&P BSE 500 index represents nearly 93% of the total market capitalization on BSE. S&P BSE 500 covers all 20 major industries of the economy.
TCS, Tata Elxsi, Tata Sponge Iron, Tata Investment Corporation, CMC, Tata Coffee and Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) are among few Tata Group companies, which feature in the BSE 500 index, have rallied between 3-11%.
Alan Greene, a Moody's Vice President, Senior Credit Officer said, "With glimpses of recovery in some of the worst affected sectors of the Indian economy, the bulk of Tata Sons' disbursals can now be directed into the group's growth areas and not into resolving old troubles."
Bajaj Auto, Dr Reddy’s Laboratories, HCL Technologies, Finolex Industries, Hexaware Technologies, J K Cements, JK Lakshmi Cement, JK Tyre, Credit Analysis and Research, MindTree and V-Guard Industries are among few stocks from S&P BSE 500 index hits record high.
"The primary reason for the rise was the announcement from the Fed Reserve is to delay in Rate Hike till summer 2015.  That has triggered fresh buying in the market. Also the positive outcome from the meet of China’s President with PM. Narendra Modi has also added to the bullish sentiment", said Shrikant Chouhan, Head of Technical Research, Kotak Securities.
Meanwhile, Suzlon Energy was locked in lower circuit of 10% at Rs 20.40 on BSE, with no buyers on the counter, after fresh shares allotted on conversion of foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) of the company started trading today.
Bharti Infratel, Jaiprakash Associates, Jaiprakash Power Ventures, Britannia Industries, Voltas, Emami and Crompton Greaves are among few from BSE 500 index trading lower in the range of 3-5%.
 

HCL Tech rises on expansion plans in the USHCL Tech rises on expansion plans in the US
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 12:05 PM IST
Shares of HCL Technologies were up over 3% at Rs 1,687, after hitting a record high of Rs 1,711, following the company's plans to expand its global delivery centre in the State of North Carolina, US.
HCL Technologies will expand its existing global delivery centre in Wake County and create an additional 1,237 jobs in Cary by the end of 2018, the company said in a release to the stock exchange.
The company continues to invest in its global delivery footprint in order to enhance value for its clients by developing nearshore capabilities, the release said.
The stock opened at Rs 1,638 and touched a high of Rs 1,710 on the BSE so far. Over 946,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.

Infosys and Hitachi Data Systems expand partnershipInfosys and Hitachi Data Systems expand partnership
Alternative route to Mansarovar against religious sentiments: HarishRawatPrint
Press Trust of India | Dehradun | Posted: September 19, 2014 1:12 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 1:31 pm
Opposing the Indo-China pact on seeking an alternative route to Mansarovar through Nathula in Sikkim, Uttarakhand Chief Minister Harish Rawat on Friday said it goes against the religious sentiments of people across the country.
He also appealed to the five BJP MPs from Uttarakhand to take up the issue with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and convince him that seeking an alternative route for the pilgrimage would be tantamount to going against the sanctity of the traditional route and riding rough shod over the religious sentiments of people across the country.
“Agreement with China over an alternative route to Mansarovar through Nathula goes against religious sentiments of people throughout the country as it is not in keeping with the centuries-old scriptures which recognise only the traditional route for the pilgrimage passing through Uttarakhand,” Rawat said in a statement here.
Instead of seeking an alternative route to Mansarovar, it would be better to strengthen the infrastructure along the traditional one passing through Uttarakhand, he said.
Rawat had opposed the proposal for an alternative route to Mansarovar even when it was first made by Modi at the BRICS summit in July this year.
In a letter to Modi soon after the Summit, Rawat had said the traditional route going through Dharchula and Siyalekh in Uttarakhand is the only route recognised by the age old Hindu scriptures and any attempt to find another route would mean showing disrespect to scriptures like Manaskhand and the sentiments of Uttarakhandis, Rawat had said in the letter.
“The route going to Mansarovar through Uttarakhand via Chota Kailash and Om Parvat, though difficult, is the only traditionally acknowledged route which was taken by Rishi Permanand Ji Maharaj as many as 21 times to reach there.
“Even noted historian Rahul Sankrityayan preferred this difficult route rather than the one through Kathmandu in Nepal to reach Mansarovar and finding any other route via China will hurt the sentiments of people of Uttarakhand,” the Chief Minister had said.

Tata group shares gain after Moody s upgradeTata group shares gain after Moody's upgrades ratings
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 01.02PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Among blue-chips, TCS's…)
MUMBAI: Shares of Tata Group firms today rose in the range of 1-12 per cent after Moody's Investors Service upgraded ratings of half a dozen group companies.
Among blue-chips, TCS's stock gained 3.31 per cent to Rs 2,724, while Tata Power climbed 2.27 per cent to Rs 90 on the BSE in morning trade.
TCS was also the top gainer among the 30-Sensex blue-chips.
Shares of Tata Steel rose by 1.13 per cent and Tata Motors was up 0.63 per cent.
Tata Elxsi soared 12.58 per cent and Tata Sponge Iron rose 11.99 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fewer members  high on skill & bonding helped the Pandavas succeedYou are here: Home > Collections > Pandavas
'Fewer members, high on skill & bonding helped the Pandavas succeed'
Sep 19, 2014, 05.29AM IST
(Mahabharata tells us…)
By Devdutt Pattanaik
Mahabharata tells us the story of how Pandavas are created smartly thanks to the intervention of a responsible Kunti and how a pressurized Gandhari hastily creates Kauravas.
These stories of the birth of the Pandavas and Kauravas in the Mahabharata tells us a lot about how recruitment policies can help us or hurt us in the long run.
Pandu could not produce children himself as he was cursed. He felt he had no right to rule the kingdom and so, without consulting his wives, he simply renounced the throne and went to the forest.
There, he learnt from his senior wife, Kunti, that she had a mantra that had the power to invoke the devas, and get a son by them. Realizing its value, regretting his hasty decision, he quickly told Kunti to invoke Dharma, dispassionate god of governance, and have a son; this son was called Yudhishtira. Then he told her to invoke Vayu, the wind-god and get a son as strong as Hanuman; this son was Bhima.
Then she invoked Indra, rain-god and sky-god; thus was born the skilled archer, Arjuna. Pandu wanted more sons. But Kunti said she could not use the mantra anymore. He asked her to share it with his junior wife, Madri.
Madri invoked the Ashwini twins and secured twin sons, Nakula and Sahadeva, who were well versed in animal and occult lore. More sons, said Pandu. 'No,' said Kunti, 'If Madri has more sons than me then there will be tension between my sons and her sons and that will not be good for anyone.' Pandu makes up for his initial hasty decision using Kunti's capability.
When Kunti's capacity is exhausted, Madri's help is sought. Later, Kunti warns Pandu from being too greedy for sons, for she anticipates a possible power struggle if Madri, the junior queen, has more sons than her, the senior queen.
Let us contrast this with the birth of the Kauravas. Dhritarashtra, though elder to Pandu, was not given the throne because he was blind. Furious, he was determined to father a son before Pandu did to prove his virility.
Unfortunately for him, though his wife Gandhari conceived his child first, Yudhishtira was born first - instantly - thanks to Kunti's mantra. Refusing to accept this situation as a twist of fate, an angry Dhritarashtra blamed and scolded Gandhari for 'her failure'.
 
Desperate, Gandhari tells her servant to strike her pregnant belly with an iron bar repeatedly with great force in order to push the baby out. But instead of a premature baby, out rolls a ball of flesh, cold and firm like metal. Gandhari is horrified.
She wails in despair. She begs the rishi Vyasa to help. She pressurizes him by reminding him of the blessing he gave her - that she would be the mother of hundred sons.
So Vyasa takes the ball of flesh, cuts it into a hundred pieces (hundred and one, because Gandhari wants a girl too, a sister for the hundred brothers), put them in pots full of ghee, and chants mantras.
When the pots are broken, the hundred Kauravas are born, along with their sister Dushala. Of these hundred, we remember only the name of the first two, Duryodhana who was skilled in fighting with a mace like Bhima, and Dusshasana, who blindly followed his elder brother. The other 98 are insignificant. We don't even know their names.
And since there is a poverty in talent on the Kaurava camp, despite vast numbers of brothers, Duryodhana has to recruit Karna from the outside, a talented but ambitious charioteer's son, and Ashwatthama, the son of his tutor, Drona.
But he remains dependent on his elders: Bhisma, his granduncle, and Drona and Kripa, his tutor, who grudgingly help him despite really favouring the Pandavas.
Being one of a hundred sons, Duryodhana never really gets the attention of his mother, Gandhari, who is anyway blindfolded, or his father Dhritarashtra, who is blind, and who cares more for the throne than him.
In other words, the Kaurava camp, born of a single mother and single father, is high on numbers, high on insecurity, and low in skill. By contrast, the Pandava camp, despite being born of two mothers, multiple surrogate fathers, and fewer in numbers, is high on skill and bonding, with lower insecurity levels.
These stories show the price of haste, the consequences of lack of faith which manifests as impatience. Pandavas are born with due delegation and support of many people (the surrogate fathers) and size is controlled with the awareness of the power games that are an inevitable part of human relationships.
Kauravas are the outcomes of anxiety and rage, vast in numbers but rather mediocre and so bad for the kingdom in the long run.
(The author writes and lectures on relevance of mythology in management. He is the author of Business Sutra: an Indian approach to management.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets @ 1: 20 stocks experts are recommendingYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex rangebound; here's what experts are betting on
ET Now Sep 19, 2014, 11.42AM IST
Tags:
ashish
(Nifty index rallied over…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 135 points in trade in Friday, led by gains in TCS, Infosys, Reliance, Sun Pharma and Wipro .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index rallied over 40 points to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8150, supported by gains in pharma, power, realty, capital goods and IT stocks.
At 3:06 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,110.48, down 1.73 points.
The Nifty was at 8,127.20, up 12.45 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Tata Consultancy Services Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2800 and a stop loss of Rs 2650
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1720 and a stop loss of Rs 1650
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2840 and a stop loss of Rs 2600
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2440
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 145 and a stop loss of Rs 137
Tata Elxsi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 750 and a stop loss of Rs 635
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 320 and a stop loss of Rs 297
CNX IT is a 'BUY' call with a target of 11450 and a stop loss of 11140
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2525 and a stop loss of Rs 2460
Dabur India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 236 and a stop loss of Rs 222
Grasim Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3790 and a stop loss of Rs 3620
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 355 and a stop loss of Rs 343
Force Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1070 and a stop loss of Rs 975
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 141 and a stop loss of Rs 137
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
Escorts Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 165 and a stop loss of Rs 158
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 154 and a stop loss of Rs 147
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2450
Ashish Chaturmohta, Head Technical & Derivatives Desk Research, Fortune Equity Brokers (India) Ltd
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2440
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3850 and a stop loss of Rs 3680
Arvind Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 350
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS @ new high  gains 3%; seen returning 22%You are here: Home > Collections > Tcs
TCS hits fresh record high, hits 2700; top gainer on BSE & NSE
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 11.08AM IST
Tags:
beneficiary
(TCS was trading 2.6 per cent…)
NEW DELHI: Tata Consultancy Services Ltd rose as much as 2.8 per cent in trade on Friday to hit its fresh 52-week high of 2711 and was also the top percentage gainer on both BSE Sensex and 50-share Nifty index.
At 09:50 a.m.; TCS was trading 2.78 per cent higher at Rs 2710. It has hit a low of Rs 2638.05 and a 52-week high of Rs 2711 in trade today on the BSE.
TCS was trading 2.6 per cent higher at Rs 2711. It hit a low of Rs 2642 and a 52-week high of Rs 2713 in trade today on the NSE.
According to experts, TCS is a prime beneficiary of growing demand for offshoring and stands as the leading digital vendor. As the industry embarks on a new technology spending cycle, they expect TCS to enjoy sector-leading revenue and earnings growth.
Earlier in the week, CLSA which has a 'buy' rating on the stock raised their target price to Rs 3,200, 21x one-year forward earnings, which translates into an upside of nearly 22 per cent from Thursday's closing price of Rs 2636.65.
"Improving market conditions and a period of secular growth is likely to drive this multiple, in-line with multiples TCS saw in its earlier growth periods during 2005-07 and 2010-11," added the report.
Global IT services market continues to expand even as global sourcing is becoming mainstream. Technology intensity is rising across all industries and digital is the latest example.
The management said that demand is intact and better than previous year though Cognizant has pointed out client specific issues. Expect FY15 to be a better year than FY14, and 1HFY15 to be better than 2HFY15, highlighted the CLSA report.
Earlier in the month, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), India's largest information technology services provider, announced its board of directors had re-appointed N Chandrasekaran as the chief executive officer and managing director (CEO & MD) for five years.
TCS has rallied over 25 per cent so far in the year 2014 and analysts see more upside in the next 12 months as well. The much debated hike in US interest rates is also helping most of the IT stocks .
The growth pick-up in the United States & Europe and weak rupee against the US dollar has been the key drivers for the Indian IT exporters.
"In case the interest rates scenario in the US turns around and dollar strengthens, this augurs well for the IT companies and it is always insulated from inflationary pressures," said Gaurang Shah, VP, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services .
"If you are risk averse , you can definitely look at names like TCS. You may get a conservative return of 25-30 per cent, but at least you have a stable investment," he added.
Shah is of the view that those with risk-on mode can definitely look at small and midcap names across the sectors because most of these names are definitely performing well.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Aus sleuths say IS plotted  Mumbai-style  attack; main target Abbottprint
Australia's intelligence agencies have uncovered a plot by the Islamic State militants to launch a 'Mumbai-style' terror attack on the parliament with Prime Minister Tony Abbott and other top officials being the prime targets.
Armed Federal Police officers have been deployed inside parliament here after fresh information emerged that suspected terrorists were planning an attack on the highest office.
"There will be armed federal police in and around our national parliament at all times," Prime Minister Abbott told a press conference. "Earlier this month I was advised of chatter among these terrorist networks of a potential attack on government, government people, parliament house," he said.
He said he ordered an urgent security review in response which recommended tighter measures at parliament. "I am concerned for the safety of the Australian people. It's not about me... it's about the safety of the Australian people," he added.
The Daily Telegraph newspaper quoted intelligence sources as saying that 'chatter' about parliament had been intercepted and they now held fears the building had already been 'scoped out' for pre-planning of a 'Mumbai-style' attack.
The chatter, intercepted by spy, police and counter-terrorism agencies, revealed talk about access to parliament.
Senior security sources have identified the most vulnerable entry point to the parliament was the entrance to the ministerial wing, which could be infiltrated by 'taking out' two unarmed parliamentary security officers who represent the only sentry point to prevent instant access to the Prime Minister's own courtyard.
From there a potential terrorist would have a direct line of sight into the Prime Minister's office, the sources said.
The Federal Police was removed from the parliamentary security committee under the previous government in March last year, with the Department of Parliamentary Services taking over security at the building entrances.
"What we are concerned about is that there are thousands of people in that building including not only staff but MPs and members of the general public who visit on a daily basis," an intelligence source said.
It is not yet established whether the plot is linked to the suspects netted in yesterday's dramatic pre-dawn raids in Sydney and Brisbane in which a sinister plan by Islamic State jihadists to carry out public beheadings and circulate gruesome videos was uncovered, the report said.
Operatives of the Lashkar-e-Taiba carried out the attacks in Mumbai that killed 166 people in November, 2008.

Nifty hovers around 8 130 aided by gains in IT  pharmaNifty hovers around 8,130 aided by gains in IT, pharma
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 01:04 PM IST
Markets continue to remain choppy in early noon deals, even as the benchmark indices recovered from day lows. The gains were aided by IT and pharma names. At 1250 hrs, the Sensex was up 40 points at 27,151 and the Nifty gained 19 points to trade at 8,134.
Buying continued in the broader markets as the smallcap index gained 0.6% and the midcap index added 0.3% as compared to the 0.1% uptick seen on the BSE benchmark index.
The rupee was trading at 60.75 as compared to Thursday's close of 60.83/84. The currency was driven by hopes of continued foreign fund buying in shares and bonds.
Sectors & Stocks
Among sectoral indices, Capital Goods and realty indices down a percent each were the top losers. Power, Oil & Gas, Metal, FMCG, Bankex and Auto were some of the other weak pockets.
Meanwhile, IT index gained over 2% on hopes that they were better placed to weather any Fed-related volatility. IT heavyweights like TCS, Infosys, HCL Technologies and Wipro added 1-3%.
Health Care index up 1% was the other notable gainer supported by the gains in Sun Pharma, Cipla and Biocon all up 2% each.
Shares of Tata Group companies were trading higher by up to 9% after global rating agency Moody's has upgraded the ratings for many group firms including Tata Steel and Tata Consultancy Services.
Tayo Rools, Tata Teleservices, Tata Sponge, Tata Investment Corporation and Tata Elxsi gained 3-10%.
However, profit booking in L&T, HUL, Axis Bank, Hero MotoCorp, GAIL and BHEL dragged the scrips lower by 1-2%.
The market breadth was marginally negative on BSE. 1,413 stocks declined while 1,396 stocks advanced.
Global Markets
Following US market gains, the Asian markets had a strong session today after the Scottish independence vote indicated Scotland would remain in the United Kingdom. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added about 0.2% but the Asian index was still on track for a weekly loss of about 1.4%.
Japan's Nikkei stock average ended up 1.6% at a seven-year closing high, giving it a 2.3% gain for the week. Shares got a tailwind from a weaker currency as the dollar pushed to a new six-year high of 109.46 yen.
The Nikkei also got a lift after Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said he aims to carry out as soon as possible reform of the country's $1.2 trillion public fund, the Government Pension Investment Fund (GPIF), in a reshuffle seen as good for equities.
The cheer spread to European bourses with all the major indices opening with gains of atleast 0.5%.

Aegis Logistics surges 7% ahead of board meetAegis Logistics surges 7% ahead of board meet
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 01:05 PM IST
Aegis Logistics has surged 7% to Rs 396 on NSE, ahead of board meeting today, 19 September 2014, to consider and approve sale of a minority stake in one of company’s subsidiary.
The stock opened at Rs 375 and touched a fresh 52-week high of Rs 402 on BSE. The trading volumes on the counter more than doubled with approximately 172,000 shares changing hands so far on BSE and NSE combined.
Aegis Logistic is India’s leading oil, gas, and chemical logistics company. The Group has five distinct but related business segments, and operates a network of bulk liquid handling terminals, liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) terminals, filling plants, pipelines, and gas stations to deliver products and services.
The company has nine wholly or partially owned subsidiaries as on 31st March 2014 with business akin and germane to that  of holding Company.
 

Judicial probe sought into sexual abuse of schoolgirlsPress Trust of India | Puducherry | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:09 pm
On Friday opposition AIADMK made an appeal in the Puducherry assembly seeking a judicial probe into the alleged incidents of sexual abuse of some school girls in the Union Territory.
Raising the issue, Deputy Legislature party leader of AIADMK A.Anbalagan said government should also come out with a ‘white paper’ on the alleged incidents as it has tarnished the image of the Union Territory.
He said a woman judge could hold the probe.
Anbalagan said a group of persons had allegedly indulged in luring some school girls into prostitution under duress.
A police complaint was also lodged against the accused and as the complaints also related to some police officials, government had initiated action against eight police officials, including a sub-inspector. All these officials have since been suspended, he said.
Anbalagan said some outfits had been holding agitations seeking intensified action against the culprits.
“The incident has tarnished the image of the Union Territory and there should be immediate judicial inquiry into the incident,” he said.

Envoys of 11 nations to attend Global Investors Summit in MadhyaPradeshPress Trust of India | Bhopal | Posted: September 19, 2014 1:59 pm
To attract major investment in Madhya Pradesh during next month’s Global Investors Summit, the state government is making all efforts for participation of not just leading captains of the industry but also ambassadors and high commissioners of 11 countries.
Besides leading Indian industries, six nations – Australia, Mexico, Canada, Czech Republic, Republic of South Africa and Quebec – will also be participating in the summit as partner countries.
The ambassadors and high commissioners of Poland, Belgium, Bangladesh, Bolivia, Sweden, Mexico, Canada, Czech Republic, South Africa, Malaysia and Australia have also confirmed their participation, state Principal Secretary Industries Mohammad Suleiman told PTI today.
The Global Investors Summit is scheduled to be held in Indore from October 8-10, with the theme ‘Invest Madhya Pradesh’.
“The three-day summit will aim to showcase the strengths and industrial prowess of Madhya Pradesh and provide global platform for interaction with the Indian industry leaders, policy makers and other stakeholders,” Suleiman said.
The focus sectors will be agri-business and food processing, automobile and engineering, healthcare, industrial infrastructure, pharmaceuticals, IT and ITes, renewable energy, textile and handloom, technical education and skill development, tourism and urban development, he said.
Highlighting strengths of MP, he said, “The state is rich in natural resources including fuels, mineral agriculture and biodiversity. Besides, it is the only diamond producing state in the country.”
The state has the coalfield with Asia’s thickest coal seam (135m) as well as India’s largest opencast copper mine. Around 14 per cent of the country’s cement is produced in Madhya Pradesh, Suleiman added.
Referring to agriculture growth, Suleiman said with highest food grain production in India, Madhya Pradesh has received three ‘Krishi Karman’ award for three consecutive years – 2012, 2013 and 2014 – and that the food processing industry has an immense potential in the state.
By virtue of its thick forest cover, the state has immense potential for wildlife tourism, and adventure and eco-tourism, Suleiman said.
Since availability of land is a major issue for setting up industries, the state has earmarked major land parcels around Indore, Bhopal, Ujjain, Jabalpur and Gwalior for investors to explore, he said adding that about 20,000 hectares of land is available for industrial development.
The state is also planning to rollout red-carpet for prominent industries including Reliance Industries Chairman Mukesh Ambani, ITC Limited Chairman YC Deveshwar, Mundra Port and SEZ Ltd CMD Gautam Adani, Reliance ADAG Group Chairman Anil Ambani, Essar Group Chairman Shashi Ruia, Procter and Gamble India’s CEO Shantanu Khosla and Google India Private Ltd MD Rajan Anandan to ensure fruitful investment, he added.
Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had earlier announced he would be presenting a report card of previous such events held in the state for the benefit of investors during the beginning of the summit.
 

With Fed uncertainty at bay for now  here are 23 multibagger bets for next 3-5 yrsAnalyst
(The statement came as a relief…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets bounced back smartly after the US Federal Reserve said it would keep interest rates at near-zero levels for "some considerable time".
Reacting to the news yesterday, the S&P BSE Sensex rallied nearly 500 points; but most of the gains registered were on the back of short covering. In fact, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold Rs 9.57 crore in equities, as per provisional data.
The statement came as a relief to investors and traders, who covered their aggressive short positions built ahead of the event, driving the Sensex above 27,000 on Thursday.
But analysts are confident of the fact that the breakout has indeed started a new big up move in the markets and we are firmly on track to hit fresh record highs.
On Thursday, Mark Mobius, Executive Chairman, Templeton EM Group, said in an interview with ET Now that India is now walking on a longer-term bull market and as Modi carries out reforms and becomes more effective in making the changes he would like to make, this will strengthen the capital markets in India.
"India is the second largest of our holdings after China. Thailand is a pie in our Asian funds, but among our global funds, India is right up there along with Brazil," he added. Mobius expects to increase allocations as we go forward.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, helped by a strong support by foreign institutional investors which have already made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market.
Most analysts expect the first US Federal Reserve rate hike not before the second half of 2015. Higher US interest rate or expectation of that will definitely have some impact on emerging markets in the form of capital outflows.
"In 2015, we are entering into a phase where India will be cutting interest rates and the US will be raising them. This has never been the case since India's economic liberalization. This will bring a lot of volatility in Indian markets," said Yogesh Nagaonkar, VP-Institutional Equities, Bonanza Institutional Equities.
"With the Fed raising rates in 2015, there will be a round of sell-off in the EMs, but India would be least effected among them. This is primarily because of India's improving economy & reducing fiscal deficit situation," he added.
With Fed tapering and ending of QE, crude oil prices are coming down which is a positive for India. Along with that GDP has bottomed out and with reduction in interest rates in India, analysts see the markets headed for a massive rally ahead.
India has managed to outperform its emerging markets peers with both the Sensex and the Nifty rallying over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, but the rally is not over yet, says Varun Goel, Head-PMS, Karvy who expects the Sensex to hit 1,00,000 by 2020.
Goel has arrived at a Sensex target of 29,300 based on 16 times FY16 earnings by Diwali and would be a buyer at every dip. He also maintains his year 2020 target of 100,000 on the Sensex.
For FY15, Goel expects a Sensex EPS growth around of 15%. He also expects earnings growth to accelerate once investment activity is revived and average around 20-25 per cent for the next several years.
We have collated a list of 23 multi-bagger ideas from various analysts for a period of next 3-5 years:
 
Dipan Mehta, Member, BSE and NSE
Stocks such as MindTree, Bajaj Auto Finance, Balkrishna Industries, Havells India, SKS Micro Finance, Sintex, Glenmark, Jyothy Lab, Sun Pharma, PTC India, PTC Financial Services, LMW, Bharti Infratel, and Voltas are gems. We are confident that these companies can grow by 15 per cent compounded over the next 3-5 years.
Vikas V Gupta - Executive Vice President at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt Ltd
Current price to book ratio is 2.9 for the Nifty. Further, there is significant mispricing at these valuation levels. So expected returns of the Nifty are high and the chances of beating the Nifty are still higher for a systematic value investing strategy. However, most fund managers are unlikely to achieve that.
Here are a few multi-bagger ideas; HT Media, Balmer Lawrie Investments, Bharat Electronics Ltd, Oil India and Bharat Heavy Electricals.
Yogesh Nagaonkar, VP, Institutional Equities at Bonanza Institutional Equities
Caplin Point: We have released a research report on Caplin Point a few months back. The company is into injectibles and is a major player in the Latin American markets where any other Indian pharma company has not yet entered in a big way. It's a small cap company and has given 300% returns since then. This stock still has huge potential going ahead.
Suven Lifesciences: We also like Suven Lifesciences which is giving 22% ROE since the last 2 years and is poised to grow in a big way in the coming 2-3 years.
TV Today: We have seen exponential PAT growth in TV Today since FY14 and the stock is also poised for a huge leap in the coming years.
Jayant Manglik, President - Retail Distribution at Religare Securities Limited
PTC India: One of the multi bagger idead is PTC India which has a 40% share of the power trading market. It continues to focus on long-term power purchase agreements which will help increase margins. It is also targeting neighbouring countries for cross-border power transfer.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bhanot Construction appoints Pradhyuman Singh Yadav as company secretarySep 19, 2014, 02.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bhanot Construction appoints Pradhyuman Singh Yadav as company secretary
Bhanot Construction & Housing Ltd has informed BSE that consequent to the resignation of Mr. Ravinder Kumar Sapra , Company Secretary, the Board in its meeting held on August 16, 2014 has appointed Mr. Pradhyuman Singh Yadav as Company Secretary of the Company w.e.f. August 16, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bhanot Construction appoints Pradhyuman Singh Yadav as company secretary
Bhanot Construction & Housing Ltd has informed BSE that consequent to the resignation of Mr. Ravinder Kumar Sapra , Company Secretary, the Board in its meeting held on August 16, 2014 has appointed Mr. Pradhyuman Singh Yadav as Company Secretary of the Company w.e.f. August 16, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Bhanot Construction & Housing Ltd has informed BSE that consequent to the resignation of Mr. Ravinder Kumar Sapra , Company Secretary, the Board in its meeting held on August 16, 2014 has appointed Mr. Pradhyuman Singh Yadav as Company Secretary of the Company w.e.f. August 16, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Go long in UPL futures: Navneet DagaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Go long in UPL futures: Navneet Daga
Navneet Daga of KR Choksey Securities is of the view that one can go long in UPL futures at around Rs 362-365.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Navneet Daga of KR Choksey Securities told CNBC-TV18, "We are seeing a medium term correction in UPL  and it a good opportunity to go long in it. I have selected the covered call because the implied volatility is on the options on the higher levels which are quite high. It makes sense to short those calls at the fag-end of the expiry."
"One can initiate long positions of the future at Rs 362-365 range and short an upper strike call option of Rs 180. We believe that the stock may again touch back to his fresh lifetime high of Rs 350 at Rs 385-390 zone," he said.
Disclosure: Analyst has suggested the strategies to his clients but does not hold any positions in the market.
RELATED NEWS

Narendra Modi says Al Qaeda will fail in India: CNNNarendra Modi says Al Qaeda will fail in India: CNN
United Kingdom: The story of the historic Scotland referendum in picturesUnited Kingdom: The story of the historic Scotland referendum in pictures
India sees China as great civilization: Pranab MukherjeeIndia sees China as great civilization: Pranab Mukherjee
Tata Group shares in demandTata Group shares in demand
SBI gains on inking framework agreement with China Exim BankSBI gains on inking framework agreement with China Exim Bank
Buy Container Corporation; target of Rs 1470; Kotak SecuritLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Container Corporation: target of Rs 1470; Kotak Sec
Kotak Securities is bullish on Container Corporation of India and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 1470 in its September 19, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
Kotak Securities research report on Container Corporation of India
“Concor is expected to do a total capex of Rs 60 bn in XII five year XII plan covering FY12 to FY17E (Rs11bn in FY15) with plans to develop several logistics parks/private freight terminals (PFT) across India and along the dedicated freight corridor. We expect this will add another source of revenue to the company (open for private use) and also complement the current business of the company. The company has already notified and started operations at two PFTs - one in Khatuwas and second in Secunderabad. Management expects the number of terminals to increase to 78 (now 60) by end of FY17. We estimate these investments would have a long gestation period and would be returns dilutive in the near term. However, note that return dilution should be seen in the context that currently this capital earns returns attributable to cash only. While short-term pressure may exist, eventually operational returns would exceed cash returns The company is currently having 240 rakes with 20 more rakes expected to join the fleet by end of FY15E.”
“Realizations continue to remain stable for Concor for both Exim and domestic segments. Concor is also able to sustain its market share at ~75% in Exim. The company has reported strong volumes for FY14/Q1FY15 and we estimate the company to deliver 9% volume CAGR over FY14 to FY16E in Exim (versus guidance of 10%) and volume CAGR of 8% in the domestic segment (versus guidance of 15%). We estimate operating margins to sustain at ~23% and ROE of ~15%. The company recently got the status of Navratna PSU which we believe also adds value to the company. We value the company at 22 times FY16E EPS, a premium for its dominant market share, strong asset base, outperformance and strong balance sheet. Continue to Recommend BUY with an unchanged TP of Rs 1465,” says Kotak Securities research report. 
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Govt to work with Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to promote toilet useGovt to work with Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to promote toilet use
Navadha Pandey
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
The Government has tied up with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to promote toilet use in the country, a statement from the Urban Development Ministry said on Friday.
To ensure universal sanitation in India with the objective of addressing sanitation-related health concerns, the Ministry of Urban Development and Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation have, in principle, agreed on a partnership to promote user-friendly toilets.
Bill Gates said the foundation’s core competency is research and technology promotion and would like to share it with the Government of India.
Further to the discussions, it has been agreed that the Ministry of Urban Development and the foundation would cooperate in four areas — innovative technology demonstration in respect of toilets and sewage management, promoting decentralised sewerage systems that enable disposal of sewage at habitation level rather than pooling of sewage, capacity building in sanitation sector and promoting the use of toilets.
About 12 million urban households do not have toilet facilities at present.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Cochin chamber opposes Kerala s liquor policyCochin chamber opposes Kerala's liquor policy
V Sajeev Kumar
Tweet
Kochi, Sept 19:  
The Cochin Chamber of Commerce and Industry has opposed the new liquor policy of the Kerala Government saying that it is a “very short-sighted one which will prove highly detrimental in the long run”.
Besides hitting the travel, tourism and IT sectors hard, the chamber said the policy is set to affect investments, as huge funds have been made across the State to cater to the increasing demands of tourists, both domestic and overseas.
More than one crore tourists visited Kerala last year thereby earning a revenue of Rs 25,000 crore, of which Rs 5,000 crore was in foreign currency.
Considering this, a unilateral ban on liquor without consulting anyone from these sectors is bound to have serious repercussions, the chamber warned.
The Rs 7,000-8,000 crore now being earned by the State Government as taxes could now go to bootleggers. This amount could exceed since the prices of liquor will go up drastically.
The chamber pointed out that there would be a bleak future for the State’s finances and as far as economy is concerned as tax revenues from the sale of alcohol account for 22 per cent of the Government's, income while that of tourism was 25 per cent.
“We are set to witness a situation where in the revenue from liquor will become nil with the implementation of total prohibition and revenue from tourism will also reduce,'' it said.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

BSE to take appropriate action on SEBIs order in NMDC caseBSE to take appropriate action on SEBI’s order in NMDC case
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
BSE today said it will take “appropriate action” in the matter of market regulator SEBI censuring the bourse for allegedly flouting norms during the offer for sale (OFS) of state-owned NMDC.
“Currently, our team is studying the order and we will take appropriate action,” BSE Managing Director and CEO Ashish Kumar Chauhan said at the sidelines of an Assocham event here.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI), last week, pulled up the BSE for failing to comply with prevailing norms for an OFS issue by NMDC in 2012.
The regulator also asked the exchange to appoint an independent consultant to review the sequence of events at the time of the OFS and suggest ‘remedial’ action.
The issue relates to BSE’s decision to accept bids for 4.55 crore shares after the deadline.
On 12 December 2012, the promoters of NMDC had offered to sell 39.65 crore shares through the OFS mechanism of BSE and the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
After closure of the share sale that day at 3.30 pm, SEBI had sought bid data from the two exchanges, to which BSE first stated that the final cumulative bids received at its platform were for 29.91 crore shares.
In another intimation to SEBI later that evening, BSE revised the figures upward by 4.55 crore shares to state that the final cumulative bids received by it were for 34.47 crore shares. Subsequently, SEBI sought clarification from BSE about the huge difference between the two figures.
The market watchdog alleged that even though bids were placed by the custodian Citibank NA within the cutoff time, the transfer of funds to the clearing corporation had taken place only at 5.09 pm on December 12, 2012, and the bids were confirmed between 6.22 pm and 6.31 pm.
According to norms, the placing of orders and funds on the exchange system in an OFS should take place during the trading hours only.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Code Free for India initiative launched‘Code Free for India’ initiative launched
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, Sept 19:  
International Centre for Free and Open Source Software at Technopark here has announced the launch of a new initiative called ‘Code Free for India'.
As part of this, programmers from free software community will be invited to develop tools and applications for desktop, Ínternet, mobile, cloud, and Internet-of-Things for use by the civil society, government and institutions.
Software freedom
The initiative is timed with the celebration of the Software Freedom Day tomorrow (September 20) by the Free Software Centre and the Free Software User Group here.
The Code Free for India initiative will provide a broad umbrella for the free software community members and groups to address the local issues and needs, says Satish Babu, Director of the Free Software Centre.
It will provide a platform for initiatives proven successful locally to scale up to state or national levels.
It will also encourage the use of local language computing tools and contemporary free software technology, while keeping in mind bandwidth and device limitations.
Annual event
Software Freedom Day is an annual event coordinated by Software Freedom International, a non-profit organisation working towards promoting free software.
PH Kurian, Principal Secretary, IT, Kerala, will be the chief guest at the event. V Sasikumar, Board Member, Free Software Foundation of India, will speak.
The purpose of the event is to propagate awareness about free software in the society, Satish Babu said.
It will felicitate Kerala State Electricity Board, IT@School, Kerala Khadi and Village Industries Board, and the State Legislative Assembly for migrating to free software.
Software freedom as a concept is gathering momentum - both as a stand-alone ethical concept as well as a component in the larger matrix of on-line and Internet freedom, says Satish Babu.
Costs of technology
“This is a good time to assert the reasons why software freedom should be treated as an ethical imperative.”
While technology adoption can certainly be an enabler of efficiency, convenience, cost reduction, and transparency enhancement, it is also critically important to examine the long-term, non-financial costs of technology as well.
To ensure that the present and future rights of end users are protected, both hardware and software must be transparent and visible to the users and be governed by licensing mechanisms that preserves such transparency in an inalienable manner.
Further, it has to be ensured that the data generated by users is also governed by similarly transparent mechanisms.
“This forms the crux of software freedom,” Satish Babu said.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

NPPA asks drug makers to register for online databaseNPPA asks drug makers to register for online database
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
National drug pricing regulator NPPA has asked all pharmaceutical firms to register themselves under the Integrated Pharmaceutical Database Management System (IPDMS) for online filing of returns for monitoring, fixing and revision of drug prices.
“Availability of reliable database is a necessary pre-requisite for carrying out the functions of price fixation and price revision in respect of scheduled drugs; price fixation in respect of new drugs,” National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) said in a notice on its website.
It further said such a step was also necessary for “monitoring the production and availability of scheduled formulations and the active pharmaceutical ingredients contained in the scheduled formulations, and monitoring the prices of non-scheduled formulations“.
The registration process will be kept open till October 30, 2014 after which that data inputting facility shall be made available to all registered users for submission of online reports in respect of form II, III and V under DPCO 2013.
Online filing of returns has to be done under the drug price control order (DPCO) 2013, it added.
This is being done as “the objective of the DPCO 2013 is that the government should in due course come out with an appropriate mechanism of obtaining market-based data related to drugs,” NPPA said.
With the transition from DPCO 1995, which followed cost-based mechanism for price fixation, to the DPCO 2013, which follows market-based mechanism for price fixation, reference data and source of market based data has assumed critical importance, it added.
The IPDMS is being launched with immediate effect for the purpose of registration, NPPA said.
The reporting obligation on the manufacturers is a legal obligation, which they are required to carry out with full and correct disclosure of information in a timely manner at prescribed intervals, the regulator said.
“Any default in the reporting would be deemed to be an act of contravention of the DPCO 2013 and therefore attracts penalties under the Essential Commodities Act, 1955,” it added.
NPPA was established to fix or revise prices of controlled bulk drugs and formulations and to enforce prices and availability of the medicines in the country, under the Drugs (Prices Control) Order, 1995.
The organisation is also entrusted with the task of recovering amounts overcharged by manufacturers for the controlled drugs from the consumers and also monitors the prices of decontrolled drugs in order to keep them at reasonable levels.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

RBI unlikely to bring down policy rates this month: StanChartRBI may not lower rates: StanChart
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 19:  
The RBI is unlikely to bring down policy rates this month in view of high inflation, said a senior official at Standard Chartered Bank.
According to Samiran Chakraborty, Managing Director and Regional Head of Research for South Asia, Standard Chartered, policy rates are expected to remain high for a longish period.
“Inflation expectation is running very high. We have to be ready for policy rates to remain high for a longish period of time, I think,” Chakraborty said at the Banking Colloquium organised by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) here on Friday.
The RBI is scheduled to announce it monetary policy review on September 30.
According to him, it’ll be extremely difficult for companies to generate returns if inflation and wages continue to rise in double digits.
“The Government has to take steps to bring down food inflation,” he said.“The only role that the RBI is playing by keeping rates high is the second line of defence to ensure that there is no spillover (of food inflation),” he added. Market rates, Chakraborty said, may soften in the “near-term” if liquidity remains adequate due to capital inflows.
Foreign investors, according to him, will see India as an attractive investment destination in the context of its macroeconomic, political and exchange rate stability.
Chakraborty expects the rupee-dollar exchange rate to remain in the 60-62 range even as risks of an early rate hike in the US remain.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Spain leads European shares higher as Scots snub independenceE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

UCO Bank mulls sending wilful defaulter notice to Kingfisher AirlinesUCO Bank mulls tagging KFA a wilful defaulter
Somasroy Chakraborty | Kolkata Sep 20, 2014 12:45 AM IST
State-run lender UCO Bank is “examining” ways to declare Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) a wilful defaulter.
“We are examining the possibility,” Arun Kaul, chairman and managing director, told reporters on the sidelines of an event organised by CII here on Friday. UCO Bank is one of the 17 lenders to now grounded Kingfisher Airlines. The airline had borrowed around Rs 6,500 crore from the consortium of lenders, led by the State Bank of India. UCO Bank’s loan exposure to KFA is estimated at over Rs 300 crore.
ALSO READ:  UBI declares Mallya wilful defaulter
 
United Bank of India (UBI) has already declared Kingfisher Airlines a wilful defaulter, while SBI has served it with a show cause notice seeking explanation as to why it should not be named a wilful defaulter.
The airline company has contested the moves.
ALSO READ:  What makes Mallya a 'wilful defaulter'? All you need to know about wilful defaults
A borrower is declared a wilful defaulter if he/she does not repay the dues despite having the capacity to do so. Also, a borrower is classified a wilful defaulter if he/she  does not repay the loan and has siphoned off the funds or used the money for purpose other than the one for which the loan was availed. Once an entity or an individual is declared a wilful defaulter, they are debarred from availing finance from banks and financial institutions. Lenders can also initiate the legal proceedings against wilful defaulters.
Separately, Kaul said the bank is yet to hear from RBI on the findings of the recently conducted forensic audit conducted at UCO Bank.

J&K floods: death toll climbs to 277J&K floods: death toll climbs to 277
Press Trust of India | Srinagar Sep 19, 2014 01:25 PM IST
The death toll due to the floods in Jammu and Kashmir has climbed to 277 even as Chief Minister Omar Abdullah today expressed hope that the toll would not be as high as feared earlier.
"The death toll in Jammu is 203 including the 44 members of a marriage party whose bus was washed away (in Rajouri district)," Omar told PTI.
He said the rescue workers have so far recovered 74 bodies from different parts of the Kashmir Valley.
Omar also dismissed rumours that some bodies had swept away to Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK).
"There is no truth in these rumours," he added.
The state is facing a shortage of nearly 12 lakh measles vaccines, which they will now purchase from the open market., the CM added.
"As of yesterday, about Rs 55 crore were deposited in the CM Relief fund, most of it from seven or eight states," he said. 
 
The deluge has also washed away crops worth Rs 365 crore and 13,000 hectares of cultivable land.
"Loss of Rs 365 crore has been caused to crops in Jammu region in the flash floods", Director, Agriculture, Jammu, S S Jamwal told PTI.

Indian Mulims will live and die for India: ModiIndian Muslims will live, die for country: Modi
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 20, 2014 12:52 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said Indian Muslims would rather live and die for India than dance to the tunes of terror outfits such as Al Qaida. He said Indian Muslims would never want anything bad for India, adding people trying to influence them to do otherwise were delusional.
Modi, set to leave for the US next week on his maiden official visit to that country, told CNN in an interview he was confident India-US relations would overcome sundry difficulties and friction to achieve a genuinely strategic alliance, as there were many similarities between the two societies. He said both Indians and Americans “have coexistence in their natural temperament”.
Modi told CNN’s Fareed Zakaria that the “mood” in both New Delhi and Washington was in “harmony” with the understanding to improve bilateral relations substantially.
Modi will attend a UN General Assembly session in New York. He will also have a meeting with US President Barack Obama at the White House, Washington.
The Indian prime minister, often criticised for his apparent refusal to tender an official apology for the anti-Muslim riots in 2002, when he was chief minister of Gujarat, has had a difficult past with the US. In 2005, the American government refused to grant him a visa because of his failure to check the riots.
In the interview, when Modi was asked about Al Qaida issuing a video earlier this month with an appeal to Muslims of the Indian subcontinent to join the Indian arm of the terror outfit, he said: “My understanding is they are doing injustice to the Muslims of our country. If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional.
“Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India — they will not want anything bad for India,” he said.
In the video, Al Qaida chief Ayman al-Zawahiri had appealed to Muslims of South Asia to join the terror outfit to end their “oppression” in places such as Kashmir, as well as Modi’s home state of Gujarat.
The Indian prime minister, whose detractors have also questioned his refusal to wear a skull cap, was also asked about the phenomenon that of the 170 million Muslims in India, there seemed to be no or very few members of Al Qaida, though it was present in Afghanistan and Pakistan. “What is it that has made this community not as susceptible?” Zakaria asked.
Modi answered he was not the authority on doing a psychological and religious analysis on this. “But the question is whether or not humanity should be defended in the world; whether or not believers in humanity should unite. This is a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race. So, we have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else,” he said.
His comments on Muslims being patriots come in the wake of Bharatiya Janata Party leaders such as Yogi Adityanath, backed by the party’s ideological mentor, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, raising the issue of ‘love jihad’ consistently in the run-up to the recent by-polls in Uttar Pradesh. His statements are also in contrast to several Bharatiya Janata party leaders questioning the patriotism of Muslims, during the Lok Sabha elections.
On the possibility of India and the US developing a genuinely strategic alliance, Modi said: “I have a one-word answer, and with great confidence I say — yes. Let me explain: There are many similarities between the US and India. If you look at the last few centuries, two things come to light — America has absorbed people from around the world, and there is an Indian in every part of the world. This characterises both the societies. Indians and Americans have co-existence in their temperament.”
Modi said while “there have been ups and downs in our relationship in the last century...from the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century, we have witnessed a big change. Our ties have deepened. India and the US are bound together by history and culture.  These ties will deepen further”.
Asked if he felt there was a genuine desire in Washington to try and improve the relationship with India, the prime minister said relations between India and the US should not be seen within the limits of just New Delhi and Washington.
“It is a much larger sphere. The good thing is the mood in both New Delhi and Washington is in harmony with this understanding. Both sides have played a role in this.”

ONGC invested Rs 81 890 crore for raising outputONGC invested Rs 81,890 crore for raising output
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 12:30 PM IST
India's largest oil and gas producer ONGC today said it has invested Rs 81,890 crore in bringing on stream newer discoveries and arrest natural decline that has set in its ageing fields.
"Our major oil and gas producing fields are ageing and showing natural decline," ONGC Chairman and Managing Director Dinesh K Sarraf told shareholders at company's annual general meeting (AGM) here.
However, ONGC has taken measures to arrest this trend and uphold production from such fields, he said.
Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) has deployed the best-in-class technologies in its Improved Oil Recovery (IOR) and Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) schemes on these fields.
"Our efforts have paid off well - with 7.46 million tonnes in FY'14 alone, which is about 33 per cent of ONGC's domestic crude production. Thus, till FY'14, a cumulative incremental gain of 87.41 million tonnes has been achieved," he said, adding a total of Rs 41,316 crore capex has been planned for such interventions across 24 projects, out of which 19 have already been completed.
Stating that ONGC was committed to expeditiously develop its oil and gas reserves, he said out of 15 prospective projects taken up for development, 7 projects are already complete and 8 are under various stages of implementation.
Some of these projects like C-24, B-22 Cluster, SB-14, B-46, BHE & BH-35, North Tapti, C-Series and D-1 are already on stream and producing.
"These projects, with an estimated capital outlay of over Rs 40,573.7 crore, are geared up to produce additional 45.66 million tonnes of crude oil and 67.44 billion cubic meters of natural gas," he said.
Sarraf said ONGC was focused on development of Daman gas fields in western offshore and oil and gas discoveries in KG-DWN-98/2 or KG-D5 block, which sits next to Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 area.
"Development of Daman, a cluster of several discoveries in western offshore, has already been approved by the Board with an investment of Rs 5,219 crore, envisaging peak production of about 8.5 million standard cubic meters per day and start-up of production by July, 2016. All out efforts are also being made to ensure production from KG-DWN-98/2 by 2018," he said.
During 2013-14, 84.99 million tonnes of oil and oil equivalent gas reserves were accreted, the highest in last 23 years.
Also, ONGC achieved a Reserve Replacement Ratio (RRR) of 1.87. This is the 9th consecutive year that your Company has achieved RRR more than one.

Cairn makes three more oil discoveries in RajasthanNew Delhi, September 17, 2014
Updated: September 17, 2014 20:24 IST
Cairn makes three more oil discoveries in Rajasthan
Mahim Pratap Singh
The Hindu Drilling of a oil well in progress at a field of Cairn India in Rajasthan. File photo
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
The Barmer basin in Rajasthan continued its prolific run with Cairn India striking gold with three new oil discoveries in the region.
With these three new discoveries, Cairn took the total number of discoveries made by it in the RJ-ON-90/1 block of the Barmer basin to 36.
“This is a significant discovery, in view of its proximity to the Mangala oil field and fast track appraisal is planned to facilitate rapid commercialization of this discovery,” the company said in a statement.
The block is operated by Cairn India—a subsidiary of Anil Agarwal’s London-based Vedanta Resources— with state-run ONGC holding a 30 percent stake in it.
With the three new discoveries, Cairn India would hope to its production target of 300,000 barrels per day by the end of 2016-17 from the existing 185,000 barrels per day.
The company, which saw its stock gain by about 3 percent with the news of the discovery, also announced an interim cash dividend of Rs. 5 per equity share of Rs.10 face value.
The Barmer or Rajasthan Basin, part of the Thar desert, forms the eastern flank of the Indus geo-syncline and comprises the sedimentary tract to the west and northwest of Aravalis up to the Indo-Pakistan border.
The Cambrian age basin extends over an area of 1,26,000 Sq. km and the Barmer part of it is believed to contain about 3.6 billion barrels of oil, of which 1 billion barrels are potentially recoverable.

Gold  silver prices decline on sluggish demandNew Delhi, September 17, 2014
Updated: September 17, 2014 15:26 IST
Gold, silver prices decline on sluggish demand
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu After two days of gains, gold prices fell by Rs. 60 to close at Rs. 27,400 per 10 gram in New Delhi on Wednesday due to slackened demand from jewellers and retailers amid absence of cues from global markets. File photo
TOPICS
economy, business and finance
After two days of gains, gold prices fell by Rs. 60 to close at Rs. 27,400 per 10 gram in New Delhi on Wednesday due to slackened demand from jewellers and retailers amid absence of cues from global markets.
Silver also lacked necessary follow-up support from industrial units and coin makers and shed Rs 110 to Rs 41,490 per kg.
Bullion merchants said subdued demand from jewellers and retailers in view of the ongoing “Sharads”, considered to be an inauspicious fortnight for making new purchases, weighed on gold and silver prices.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell by Rs. 60 each to Rs. 27,400 and Rs. 27,200 per 10 gram, respectively.
It had gained Rs. 90 in the previous two sessions.
Sovereign, however, remained unaltered at Rs. 24,400 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
Globally, gold traded a shade higher at $1,235.40 an ounce in Singapore.
On similar lines, silver ready declined by Rs. 110 to Rs. 41,490 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs. 190 to Rs. 41,350 per kg. The white metal had gained Rs. 350 in last two days.
Silver coins settled around previous level of Rs. 71,000 for buying and Rs. 72,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

SEBI to float discussion paper on reducing FPO timelineNew Delhi, September 17, 2014
Updated: September 17, 2014 15:09 IST
SEBI to float discussion paper on reducing FPO timeline
PTI
regulatory policy and organisation
To elicit views from diverse stakeholders, capital market regulator SEBI will come out with a discussion paper on reducing the time line for follow-on public offers. The proposal for a discussion paper also comes at a time when many public sector companies are up for stake sale as part of the government’s ambitious disinvestment programme.
“We have received representations that FPO time line should be reduced. We are still examining (the issue) and we will come out with a discussion paper for public at large. It will take some time,” SEBI Chairman U.K. Sinha said on Wednesday. He was speaking at an event organised by industry body CII in New Delhi.
FPO and Offer for Sale (OFS) are seen as preferred routes for selling stakes in public sector companies.
In the current fiscal, the government aims to garner more than Rs. 43,425 crore through disinvestment. However, Mr. Sinha said that there is no proposal to change SEBI (Securities and Exchange Board of India) norms for FPOs with respect to retail investors’ quota.
“If you are asking whether SEBI rules are going to be changed for FPOs, there is nothing on the plate as of now but if an issuer wants to allocate more to retail investors, it is possible,” he noted. In an FPO, at least 35 per cent should be allocated to retail investors.
“As an issuer, if you decide to have 100 per cent (quota) for retail (investors) there is nothing in SEBI laws prevents you,” Mr. Sinha said. On changes made in corporate governance norms, Mr. Sinha said the regulator has extended the deadline for induction of at least one woman director on a listed company’s board to April 1, 2015.
The norm was to come into force from October 1 this year. “We have done it because the Ministry of Corporate Affairs’ guidelines for this have also been extended. We felt that it is better in at least this matter to synchronise with what the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has done,” he noted.
Regarding a query on implementation of IFRS norms, Mr. Sinha said the government and regulators are working to ensure that they are implemented within the proposed time frame.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, in his Budget speech on July 10, had said there was an urgent need to converge the current Indian accounting standards with IFRS. “I propose for adoption of the new Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) by the Indian companies from the financial year 2015-16 voluntarily and from the financial year 2016-17 on a mandatory basis,” he had said.
Meanwhile, responding to a query on whether trading time for currency derivatives would be extended, Mr. Sinha said SEBI, RBI and the government are discussing the matter.

Lessons from a disasterUpdated: September 18, 2014 11:46 IST
Lessons from a disaster
flood
As life slowly acquires a semblance of normalcy in Jammu and Kashmir , the extent of damage caused by the floods is unfolding. People who had abandoned their marooned houses or were evacuated are slowly getting back and assessing the damage as the water level recedes. A long haul is ahead. According to industry body Assocham, the loss in terms of damage to trade establishments, hotels and restaurants, horticulture, the handicrafts sector, transport infrastructure and communications facilities may add up to Rs.5,700 crore. While traffic on the arterial Jammu-Srinagar highway has been restored partially, most other road systems are still in limbo. The ambitious Jammu-Srinagar-Baramulla railway line project has suffered setbacks. The death toll cannot be reliably determined as yet, given the number of persons who have been listed as missing. A major source of worry pertains to the possibility of spread of diseases after the water recedes. Livelihoods, including in the tourism and farming sectors, need to be restored. The number of people rescued by the armed forces and the National Disaster Response Force is close to 2.5 lakh. The armed forces and the NDRF have played a stellar role here. The Army alone deployed around 30,000 troops. Some questions have been raised about the level of coordination among different agencies, but overall it has been a creditable effort so far.
While looking at the challenges of relief and reconstruction that lie ahead, this is also the time to consider the lessons for the State from the extreme event. While there is agreement over the fact that the level of rainfall was unprecedented, intense and rather sudden, leaving little room for timely warnings, the environmental factors that underlie the tragedy need to be given a hard look. Ecological degradation caused by unplanned development and urbanisation, and failure to preserve wetlands, has played a role. Wetlands act as a sponge, and their loss is bound to have serious repercussions. A report by the Bombay Natural History Society has mentioned that the Wular lake, once spread over 20,200 ha, has shrunk to 2,400 ha. The Dal lake in Srinagar has been reduced to almost half its earlier size, to 1,200 ha. According to the Centre for Science and Environment, over the last century more than 50 per cent of the lakes, ponds and wetlands of Srinagar have been encroached upon. The banks of the Jhelum have been overrun, reducing its drainage capacity. The story is the same with the Tawi in Jammu. Flash floods in this river washed away some 400 buildings and inundated scores of colonies, many of them in breach of the Jammu Master Plan. This, then, has been a costly environmental wake-up call for Jammu and Kashmir — as it was for Uttarakhand a year ago.

Lava Iris Pro 30+ review: Same bottle and wine with a bit of plus2000 mAh
2000 mAh
While few changes like 16 GB internal memory, 13 MP rear camera and dual SIM card slots supporting regular SIM card in one are welcome, what’s frustrating to see is that Lava did not care to provide the latest Android 4.4 KitKat OS despite launching the so-called upgraded Iris Pro 30+ version after six months. I used the Lava Iris Pro 30+ for over three weeks and here’s my take.
Design: The upgraded model looks exactly same as the previously launched Lava Iris Pro 30. However, if you are viewing for the first time, the device will surely impress you.
The unique iPhone-like design should draw appreciation from the mid-range smartphone market. The device is very light and slim.
The matte finish soft plastic back gives a premium feel. The back can be opened to access two SIM card slots (regular + micro) and a microSD card slot, however, the battery cannot be removed.
The 4.7-inch screen makes one-handed operation easy and it easily fits inside trouser pockets. In general, users shouldn’t have any complains with the design.
Display: The upgraded model is using the same display and produces decent results. Indoor visibility is of course good and at 312 ppi, the devices offers an average viewing experience outdoors. However, on bright sunlight, visibility is not good when the screen is kept at medium brightness. The viewing angles and colours are good. The display resolution is pretty sharp thanks to the One Glass Solution.
Performance: The 1.5 GHz quad-core processor does a good job. The device scored 19887 on AnTuTu and ranks close to Google Nexus 4. I did not experience any sort of lags during regular usage. Multimedia performance on the device was good too. I played a HD movie from my pen drive (USB OTG) and scrolled through the time line while running several back ground tasks without any lags. There was no heating issues on regular usage. Overall, smartphone offers a smooth experience and buyers in this price segment shouldn’t face any issues with performance.
Software and UI: The device offers a pure stock Android experience which is good for most smartphone users in this range. Lava has not added any sort of bloatware.
Image at 4X zoom.
Camera: Decent. The camera actually offers up to 18 MP resolutions. The camera produces good images in low lighting conditions as well. However, when images are shot with full zoom, the results are disappointing.
The camera features several modes like HDR, Live Photo (image with sound), multi-angle shot and panaroma.
The camera is a bit slow when it is focusing on a subject. Overall, the performance of the camera is decent.
Storage: The device comes with 16 GB of internal storage out of which around 8 GB is available. The storage can be further expanded up to 32 GB via microSD card. This is one area Lava has improved. The previous Iris Pro 30 model offered only 1.5 GB of free internal storage.
Connectivity: No issues with connectivity. The phone supports 3G connectivity along with EDGE, GPRS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, USB OTG Connectivity.
Battery: Surprisingly good. If someone is using a 2G network for regular usage, the device will last for almost 48 hours on medium display brightness. On 3G network, with a full charge, the phone will easily last a full day or even more.
Verdict: Lava Iris Pro 30+ is a good smartphone overall. However, Lava will surely lose mileage for using an older Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean OS. As a lot of competitors are offering a better spec sheet in the price range of Rs. 11,000 to Rs. 13,000, Lava will find it difficult to justify Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean, a 4.7-inch screen and a quad-core processor at a price of Rs. 11,399. However, if you like the phone and not too keen on the spec sheet, go ahead and buy it.

After the great Bengal scamUpdated: September 18, 2014 00:49 IST
After the great Bengal scam
corruption & bribery
Creating a huge political wave that threatens to wash away several political reputations is the Saradha Ponzi Scheme scam of West Bengal. More arrests are revealing scores of new suspects who took either astronomical salaries by cheque or unaccounted money in cash from Saradha chief Sudipta Sen. In the 1950s, industrialist Haridas Mundhra of Kolkata convinced the Central government to put crores of rupees of public money in his personal enterprise. But Mundhra’s mischief or Sanchayita Investments’ collection of over Rs. 100 crore in the 1980s is a pittance compared to the quantum of money involved in the most recent scam, named after the State’s beloved godmother, Saradha. The novelty of the scam lies in its sheer size. Currently, the size of the scam is estimated at a little over $1 billion, in a State that has a debt burden of more than $30 billion. But newer estimates are emerging as unknown ‘monsters’ are unearthed. The money was raised predominantly from cash-strapped peasants and daily-wage earners during the last years of CPI(M) rule and the system flourished after the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) arrived. People from every social bracket — the flag-bearers of Bengal’s intelligentsia, bureaucrats, sports administrators, media magnates, industrialists and politicians — accepted or extracted favours, depending on one’s degree of access to power. An absurd transfer of wealth — reminiscent of the drain of resources from India to England before Independence — from the poor to the rich was orchestrated in the countryside. Bengal’s nobility hailed Mr. Sen for the transfer, and the ensuing inaction of the bhadrolok made the job of the CBI relatively straightforward.
But then, the CBI’s credibility is often questioned by the very people who once ran it. Its former Directors have accused the agency of derailing investigations under “political pressure”. The present Director is under the scanner, fuelling speculation about where the Saradha probe will now head. On the political front, the AITC may well be under pressure owing to the Bharatiya Janata Party’s sudden rise, but Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee is herself no greenhorn in politics. She has for now managed to convince many people that she, and she alone, can return the stolen money. Her cadres are spreading the message that, while Ms. Banerjee’s men may have swallowed the money, she would return it, placing the individual way above the party. Such a strategy to elevate a person above the party may work, or may not work, depending on the quantum that Ms. Banerjee is able to return in the 20 months before the next Assembly election in 2016. In the run-up to that poll, the Saradha scam is bound to have a major impact. How credibly the various political parties deal with the fallout is going to influence the outcome significantly.

Non-demarcation leads to border incidents: XiUpdated: September 18, 2014 15:55 IST
Non-demarcation leads to border incidents: Xi
Tweet
PTI India and China sign 12 agreements including cooperation in railways, outer space and culture.
The Hindu Chinese President Xi Jinping along with his wife Peng Liyuan being presented a souvenir by Union Minister Smriti Irani after paying homage to the Father of The Nation Mahatma Gandhi at Gandhi Samadhi, Rajghat, in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
The Hindu Chinese President Xi Jinping paying homage to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
India and China had decided to mark 2014 as a “year of friendly exchanges”. File Photo
TOPICS
Due to non-demarcation of the border, certain incidents take place but both countries have mechanisms to handle such incidents, the Chinese President says.
14.35: PM Modi and President Xi conclude their statements.
14.29: President Xi hopes for India's support in building relations with SAARC countries.
14.28: China is ready for friendly talks to arrive at a peaceful consensus: President Xi
Xi: When India and China speak in one voice, the world will pay attention
— Suhasini Haidar (@suhasinih) September 18, 2014
14.27: Due to non-demarcation of the border, certain incidents take place but both countries have mechanisms to handle such incidents: President Xi
14.26: China will train 1500 language teachers. 2015 will be called 'Visit India' year in China, and 2016 will be 'Visit China' in India
14.25: Two countries have proposed cultural exchange programmes that cover culture, education, tourism, films, among others: President Xi
14.24: We had fruitful talks which included all issues of mutual concern, says President Xi Jinping
14.22: We will align our development strategy to strengthen to railway infrastructure in India: President Xi
14.20: President Xi officially invites PM Modi to visit China.
Pres Xi : we agree that leaders shd provide strategic direction to relations through frequent summits. I invite @PMOIndia to China for visit
— Suhasini Haidar (@suhasinih) September 18, 2014
14.16: We (India, China) are emerging markets and should strive to achieve peaceful development: President Xi
14.15: Mr. Modi concludes his statement.
14.14: All issues including economic, political and security discussed over the last two days. We decided to step up engagement in diverse areas: PM Modi
We also agreed to cooperate on our many shared interests at the global level - @PMOIndia
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 18, 2014
14.12: We will build closer cooperation on the shared challenges of terrorism and extremism: PM Modi
14.10: Requested President Xi to resume the stalled process of clarifying the Line of Actual Control: PM Modi
India and China sign 12 agreements following talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping. The pacts include cooperation in railways, outer space and culture.
14.08: Agreements on 2 Chinese industrial parks & commitment to $20 billion Chinese investments in 5 years signed.
14.07: Modi thanks President Xi for opening new additional route to Kailash Mansarovar.
14.04: Will begin process of discussion on civil nuclear energy cooperation that will bolster broader cooperation on energy security: PM Modi
14.02: Border peace is important: PM Modi
14.01: Pact on making Shanghai and Mumbai twin-cities signed.
14.00: 5-year economic and trade development plan signed
Respect for each other's sensitivities & concerns and, peace and stability in our relations and along our borders are essential - @PMOIndia
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 18, 2014
13.57: Prime Minister Modi's statement underway.
13.55: MoU on peaceful use of outer space signed.
13.54: MoU on cooperation between cultural institutions between the two countries signed.
12.35: Tibetan protesters detained for sloganeering outside Hyderabad House where bilateral talks are underway. Read more
Policemen detain a Tibetan youth activist during a protest near the Taj Hotel where the visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping is staying in New Delhi on Thursday. The protest was held against alleged human rights abuses of Tibetans by the Chinese government. Photo: AP
12.17: Meeting between the two leaders underway. PM Narendra Modi is expected to raise the incursion issue with the Chinese President. The leaders are expected to make a joint statement at 12:30 p.m. Read here
Comprehensive discussion. @PMOIndia & Prez Xi discuss all sensitive issues of concern, at length, during talks.
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 18, 2014
Following discussions yesterday @PMOIndia & Prez Xi addressing substantive issues in restricted session now. pic.twitter.com/9wGWdfye4J
Read: Tibetans in Delhi want Mr. Modi to speak up for them
11.30: Chinese First Lady interacts with schoolchildren at Tagore International School in Delhi.
11.12: PM Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping shake hands at Hyderabad House and proceed for their meeting.
11.08: President Xi Jinping meets PM Narendra Modi at Rashtrapati Bhavan.
President Xi Jinping meeting PM @narendramodi at Rashtrapati Bhavan. @RashtrapatiBhvn pic.twitter.com/lCkYcyCh7q
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 18, 2014
11.05: Minister for External Affairs, Sushma Swaraj took to Twitter to welcome Chinese President Xi.
Ge xia, wo hen huanying nin dao yindu lai - I extend a very warm welcome to you in India - @SushmaSwaraj to Prez Xi. pic.twitter.com/XGGmg1hjCf
— Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) September 18, 2014
10.54: Modi raises issue of Chinese incursions with Xi
The Chinese Army has reportedly made a fresh incursion into the Chumar area of Jammu and Kashmir and refused to go back. According to Indian Army sources, nearly 1,000 Chinese soldiers moved inside the Line of Actual Control in Ladakh region on Thursday. The Indian Army has rushed three battalions to the LAC in the area. This comes a day after a flag meeting between the two countries. Read here | Chinese Army pushes in more troops into Indian territory
Video: Issues of substance already raised at highest level with China, says MEA
9.30: The Chinese President pays tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at Rajghat
Mr. Xi and his wife Peng Liyuan being presented a souvenir after their visit to Rajghat. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
Mr. Xi along with his wife Peng Liyuan being presented a souvenir after paying homage to the Father of The Nation Mahatma Gandhi at Gandhi Samdhi,Rajghat, in New Delhi. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
9.00: Guard of honour presented to Xi
President of the People’s Republic of China Xi Jinping inspecting a Guard of Honour, during a ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhawan, in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: V. Sudershan
Read: India-China pacts likely to bring in $100 billion
Officials confirm that many agreements will be signed in the presence of the two leaders on Thursday dealing with tourism and student exchanges, cultural MoUs between several institutions, including the National Museum, railway infrastructure, banks, and technology assistance on irrigation. Read here
China, India should take strategic ties to higher plane: Xi
Mr. Xi said he had come to India with three goals aimed at strengthening bilateral ties and building strong complementarity in the two economies. Read here
8.00: Modi, Xi mix business and leisure
The strong note of symbolism, ceremony and camaraderie between the two leaders set the stage for substantive talks to be held in New Delhi on Thursday. Read here
September 17, 2014: In a first, Mr. Modi received Mr. Xi in Ahmedabad, the commercial capital of Gujarat on Wednesday afternoon. Key aspects of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping watching folk dance in Ahmedabad on September 17. Photo: Vivek Bendre
Editorial: A historic opportunity
President Xi’s visit may provide Narendra Modi a rare chance to seize the moment by stating India’s political intent on solving the border row between the two countries, beginning with measurable steps to clarify the Line of Actual Control, and to root out border incidents. Read here
RELATED NEWS

Sensex rises 481 points on Fed status quoStory
Market update: Sensex, Nifty gain most in over 3 months on FII inflows after Fed status quo
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 18:19 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The stock market on Thursday rose the most in over 3 months with the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex jumping 481 points to 27,112.21 and National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty soaring over 139 points to 8,114.75.
The two stock market indices gained as Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs) pumped funds on US Federal Reserve's pledge to retain rates at low levels for a "considerable time" and rising optimism over India's trade ties with China.
With Dow Jones surging to record overnight, most Asian and European markets rose after the US central bank stuck to a plan to begin raising near-zero interest rates only in 2015.
The 30-share barometer, after opening in the negative zone, rebounded to close above the key 27,000-level for the first time since September 12. It ended at 27,112.21, gaining 480.92 points (or 1.81 per cent). This is its biggest single session gain in over 3 months since June 2 (467.51 points).
The gauge had gained over 138 points on Wednesday.
The Fed policy announcement on Wednesday night allayed fears of capital outflows. "With US rate rise possibilities becoming a more distant reality, emerging economies including India can expect to keep their hot monies 'hot' for some more time," said Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research.
Domestic investors also cheered stronger trade ties with China with the country committing investments worth US $20 billion in India over the next five years.
"Participants were truly excited by the prospects of huge investments by China in India's infrastructure, railway & manufacturing projects," said Devang Mehta, Senior VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services.
Buying was strong with all sectoral indices led by realty, consumer durables and capital goods ending in positive zone with gains of up to 4.65 per cent. Among the 30 Sensex scrips, 28 ended higher while two shares ended lower.
The broader 50-issue Nifty regained the 8,100-mark and touched the day's high of 8,120.85 before settling 139.25 points higher at 8,114.75. Initially, it had fallen to 7,939.70.
Thursday's 139.25-point gain is also Nifty's biggest rise in over months since June 2 (132.55 points).
Shares of Hero MotoCorp rose the most by 5.57 per cent after the company inked a pact with the Andhra Pradesh government on September 16 for setting up a two-wheeler plant in Chittoor.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals ended 1.63 per cent higher after the company entered into a licensing agreement with Merck . Other major gainers included HDFC Bank (3.73 per cent), BHEL (3.51 per cent), Bajaj Auto (3.47 per cent), Dr Reddy's (3.34 per cent), L&T (3.57 per cent), Tata Motors (3.70 per cent), Maruti Suzuki (2.48 per cent), Tata Power (2.86 per cent), Tata Steel (1.60 per cent) and Wipro (2.40 per cent).

Moody s Upgrades Ratings of Tata Group FirmsSensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
New Delhi: Moody's Investors Service today upgraded ratings of half a dozen Tata Group firms, including TCS and Tata Motors, on account of Tata Sons' track record in providing timely support to these firms.
The agency upgraded corporate family ratings of Tata Motors to Ba2/Stable from Ba3/Stable, Tata Chemicals' to Ba1/Stable from Ba2/Stable, Tata Steel's to Ba2 from Ba3, Tata Steel UK Holdings' to B2 from B3, Tata Power's to Ba3/Stable from B1/Negative and affirmed Tata Consultancy Services' local currency issuer rating at A3/Stable.
"The ratings of Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc and Tata Chemicals North America Inc. have not been affected by today's rating actions," Moody's Investors Service said in a statement.
Upward ratings' revision reflects agency's expectation of parental and systemic support in case of need, which has been exhibited both in the form of extraordinary financial support from Tata Sons, the ultimate parent, and ongoing support through their close association with the Tata brand, Moddy's Investors Service said.
"Multiple rating actions are based on the track record of Tata Sons in providing timely support to investee companies and Moody's assessment of its ability to provide future support and on the need to protect the brand reputation of Tata from the consequences of an entity's distress," it said.
Tata Sons' has been injecting money, typically through equity rights issues, into its companies, to fund their growth plans or to bolster any weak balance sheets.
"As Tata's involvement in consumer facing businesses in India increases, coupled with its growing international presence, the Tata name, with more than 100 years of history, has become a globally significant brand and is, therefore, critical to maintain the Group's standing with customers, employees and investors alike," said Alan Greene, a Moody's vice president, senior credit officer.
Greene, who is the Lead Analyst for all Tata companies, with the exception of Tata Power, said dividends paid by TCS, a 73.7 per cent owned subsidiary, are the predominant source of funds for Tata Sons.
"While we believe that support from Tata Sons is ultimately available to the operating companies, it is
beholden on the companies themselves to run sustainable balance sheets and contain any losses," Greene added.
Over the last three years while the four core rated Tata companies together have performed modestly against a backdrop of slower economic growth in India and losses in certain large overseas subsidiaries and domestic project vehicles, Tata Sons has provided timely support and thus confidence to fellow shareholders and lenders, Moody's Investor Services said.
"With glimpses of recovery in some of the worst affected sectors of the Indian economy, bulk of Tata Sons' disbursals can now be directed into the group's growth areas and not into resolving old troubles," Greene said.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 19:35 (IST)

Microsoft Announces Second Round of Job CutsYou are here: Home Corporates
Microsoft Lays Off 2,100, Axes Silicon Valley Research
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 23:49 (IST)
Apple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Seattle: Microsoft Corp will close its Silicon Valley research-and-development operation as part of 2,100 layoffs announced on Thursday, as it moves toward its new CEO's goal of cutting 18,000 staff, or about 14 per cent of its workforce.
News of the closure of the Microsoft Research lab at the company's campus in Mountain View, California, was first made public on Twitter by employees. The company later confirmed the move and said it would involve the loss of 50 jobs.
A spokesman said Microsoft Research, which has over 1,000 scientists and engineers worldwide working on new product ideas, will consolidate its US work at Microsoft's main campus in Redmond, Washington, and in offices in New York and Boston.
After the cuts, Microsoft said it will still have 2,500 employees at its Mountain View campus, not far from rival Google Inc.
Microsoft is cutting 160 jobs in California on Thursday, and another 747 in the Seattle area, a spokesman said, as part of a total of 2,100 layoffs around the world.
This is the second wave of cuts after it laid off 13,000 in July, which marked the start of Chief Executive Satya Nadella's plan to lay off 18,000 people overall. That means 2,900 more layoffs coming over the next nine months or so.
Thursday's cuts were spread over different countries and teams, the spokesman said. The last wave of cuts mostly affected the handset business of Nokia, which Microsoft bought earlier this year.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Impeachment ball begins to roll for Judge ManjunathThe MPs have also accused him of hearing and deciding a petition involving a housing society 'with clear conflict of interest'.
Written by Maneesh Chhibber | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:28 am
Over two months after the central government sent back the Supreme Court collegium’s recommendation to transfer Karnataka High Court Judge K L Manjunath to the Punjab and Haryana High Court, a group of Lok Sabha MPs has started a signature campaign to initiate impeachment proceedings against him.
It is learnt that the four Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MPs and some others have already signed the notice of motion for presenting an address to the President under Article 217 read with Article 124 (4) of the Constitution for Justice Manjunath’s removal for “proven misbehaviour”.
“Yes, we have started the signature campaign and are very hopeful that we will receive the required support from other parties, particularly those parties that advocate probity and honesty. We are in touch with MPs of many parties and the response is encouraging,” said AAP MP from Patiala Dharam Vira Gandhi.
The other three AAP MPs who have signed the petition are Bhagwant Mann, Sadhu Singh and Harinder Singh Khalsa.
Among the charges that the MPs have levelled against Manjunath are: possession of “wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income”, hearing and deciding a petition in favour of a housing society in which his daughter owned a plot, and failing to declare his assets in violation of the Full Court Resolution of 1997.
The petition, a copy of which has been accessed by The Indian Express, alleges that Manjunath, who was elevated as additional judge in 2000 and a permanent judge in 2001, “abused his position to amass several movable and immovable properties worth crores of rupees, disproportionate to his known sources of income”.
Property registration deeds and several other documents have been attached as annexures to support the allegation that Manjunath acquired several properties in the name of his daughter, wife and mother-in-law. The MPs have also accused him of hearing and deciding a petition involving a housing society “with clear conflict of interest”.
An MP who has signed the impeachment motion said it would be presented to the President before the winter session of Parliament, which is likely to begin in the third week of November.
In July this year, citing a strongly-worded adverse note by a senior Supreme Court Judge against Manjunath, the Centre had sent the recommendation regarding Manjunath back to the SC collegium for reconsideration. As first reported by The Indian Express, the collegium, headed by Chief Justice of India R M Lodha, thereafter didn’t reiterate its recommendation.
Incidentally, the previous two attempts by Parliament to impeach sitting members of higher judiciary — Calcutta High Court judge Soumitra Sen (now retired) and Chief Justice of the Sikkim High Court P D Dinakaran (now retired) — came a cropper after both resigned from their respective posts before the impeachment motions against them could be taken to their logical conclusion.

Silver Leaf Oak to Acquire 10% Stake in Biocon s Syngene for Rs 380 CroreApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Mauritius-based private equity fund Silver Leaf Oak will acquire 10 per cent stake in Biocon's research services arm Syngene International for Rs 380 crore.
The deal puts the entire valuation of Syngene International Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Biocon Ltd, at Rs 3,800 crore.
"This investment reflects Syngene's leading position in the contract research and manufacturing space in Asia, acknowledging its comprehensive multidisciplinary capabilities," Biocon chairman and managing director Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw said in a statement.
This transaction is part of the overall strategic plan for Syngene and sets a new benchmark as we prepare the company for listing, she added.
Silver Leaf will acquire the stake in Syngene from Biocon Research Ltd (BRL), another arm of Biocon Ltd. The PE firm was advised by India Value Fund Advisors (IVFA) in the transaction, while Biocon was advised by Allegro Advisors.
Post the completion of the transaction, Biocon and BRL will jointly hold 85.54 per cent stake in Syngene, it added.
Commenting on the development, IVFA managing director Vishal Nevatia said: "We had partnered with Biocon through our first fund in 2003. We are excited to partner with them again...This deal showcases the IVFA investment philosophy of working with high quality entrepreneurs and management teams."
Earlier on this month, Biocon had acquired GE Capital's entire 7.69 per cent stake in Syngene for Rs 215.38 crore. The company, which had sold the stake to GE on October 31, 2012, for Rs 125 crore, has paid almost double to buy back this stake.
Biocon shares on Thursday closed at Rs 499.95 apiece on the BSE, up 2.70 per cent from its previous close.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 22:21 (IST)

United Kingdom will remain united; Scotland rejects independenceScotland rejects independence, to stay with UK
Scotland rejects independence, to stay with UK
With 26 of 32 regional electoral centers reporting, the No side had about 54 per cent of the vote to 46 percent for the Yes side. 
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
EDINBURGH: Scotland spurned independence in a historic referendum that threatened to rip the United Kingdom apart, sow financial turmoil and diminish Britain's remaining global clout.
A vote for the 307-year union is a relief for millions of Britons including Prime Minister David Cameron, whose job was on the line, as well as allies across the world who were horrified at the prospect of the United Kingdom's separation.
Unionists won 55 percent of the vote while separatists won 45 percent with 31 of 32 constituencies declared.
Political leaders of all hues agreed that Britain would be changed for good nonetheless.
Unionists cheered, kissed and drank wine and beer in Glasgow, Scotland's biggest city where secessionists won, while nationalist leader Alex Salmond conceded defeat in Edinburgh, which supported the United Kingdom.
"Scotland has by a majority decided not, at this stage, to become an independent country. I accept that verdict of the people and I call on all of Scotland to follow suit in accepting the democratic verdict of the people of Scotland," Salmond said.
Cameron, speaking outside his official London residence in Downing Street, said the question of Scottish independence had been settled for a generation.
"There can be no disputes, no re-runs, we have heard the settled will of the Scottish people," said Cameron. Queen Elizabeth II, who is at her Scottish castle in Balmoral, is expected to make a rare comment on Friday.
The campaign for independence had electrified this country of 5.3 million but also divided the passions of friends and families from the remote Scottish islands of the Atlantic to the tough city estates of Glasgow.
Sterling strengthened sharply against the dollar and the euro while British share prices rose. Royal Bank of Scotland
said it had scrapped plans to move its registered office to England.
Though the break up the United Kingdom, the world's sixth largest economy and a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, has been avoided, Britain's rulers admit the Scottish vote will lead to a reshaped the union.
Speaking in front of an image of a giant white on blue Scottish flag, Salmond laced his defeat with a warning to British politicians in London that they must respect their last minute promise of more powers for Scotland.
"Scotland will expect these to be honoured in rapid course," he said before walking off the stage, his head bowed.
FEDERAL KINGDOM?
Opinion polls showing a surge in Scottish separatist support in the two weeks leading up to the Sept. 18 vote prompted a rushed British pledge to grant more powers to Scotland, a step that has angered some English lawmakers in Westminster.
In an effort to deflate that anger, Cameron vowed to forge a new constitutional settlement that would grant Scotland the promised powers but also give powers to England, Wales and Northern Ireland.
"Just as Scotland will vote separately in the Scottish parliament on their issues of tax, spending and welfare, so too England, as well as Wales and Northern Ireland should be able to vote on these issues," Cameron said.
"All this must take place, in tandem with and at the same pace as the settlement for Scotland."
Cast as a constitutional revolution, commentators said Cameron's pledge of more powers to the constituent parts of the United Kingdom was aimed at sedating 'the slumbering beast of English nationalism'.
Cameron's Conservatives have seen members seep towards the United Kingdom Independence Party, an anti-European Union party, ahead of a referendum on EU membership that Cameron has promised by the end of 2017 if he wins the 2015 election.
"I'm not convinced by what I've heard this morning from Mr Cameron this morning that he seriously wants to address that," UKIP leader Nigel Farage said.
Page 1 of 2

Alibaba IPO to raise $21.8 bn  at $68 a shareLiana Baker, Jessica Toonkel and Deepa Seetharaman        Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 12:38 IST
A woman stands next to a door inside the headquarters of Alibaba in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province (Photo: Reuters)
Alibaba Group Holding priced its initial public offering at $68 a share, the top end of the expected range, raising $21.8 billion on Thursday, in the latest sign of strong investor appetite for the Chinese e-commerce giant.
At that price, the IPO, one of the largest-ever, would give Alibaba a market valuation of $167.6 billion, surpassing American corporate icons from Walt Disney to Boeing. The offering also vaults it atop US e-commerce rivals like Amazon and eBay and gives it more financial firepower to expand in the United States and other markets.
"I'd put them (Alibaba) in a class of Facebook and Google with the scale they have, growth prospects and profitability," said Scot Wingo, CEO of e-commerce software provider ChannelAdvisor. "There's a scarcity value there."
An Ipsos poll conducted for Thomson Reuters found that 88 per cent of Americans had never heard of the Chinese e-commerce company , which is responsible for 80 per cent of online sales in China and works with a number of businesses there including consumer online marketplace Taobao and payment service Alipay.
But that didn't sap enthusiasm among multiple large US institutions, including Blackrock, which put in orders for allocations of at least $1 billion in shares, according to the sources.
Between 35 and 40 institutions placed orders for $1 billion or more shares each, investors briefed on the matter said.
Keen to buy into China's rapid growth and evolving Internet sector, investors have been clamoring to get shares since top executives at Alibaba, including Ma, kicked off the road show last week.
"It was one of the more impressive IPO presentations," said Jerry Jordan, manager of the $48 million Jordan Opportunity Fund. "I didn't realise just quite how successful they are."
Based on the amount raised so far, Alibaba's IPO is the third-largest ever behind Agricultural Bank of China's record $22.1 billion listing in 2010 and ICBC's $22 billion flotation in 2006.
If underwriters exercise an option to sell more shares, as many expect, Alibaba's will surpass both Chinese lenders to become the largest-ever. Alibaba and certain other shareholders also granted underwriters a separate 30-day option to buy up to an additional 48 million shares.
Many investors reported difficulty in getting the full allocation of shares they were aiming for.
John Boland, president of Maple Capital Management in Montpelier, Vermont said he had put in orders for about 5,000 Alibaba shares on behalf of high net worth individuals and institutions and had been told the offer was oversubscribed and that they would probably not get the full order.
"Beating the rush doesn't count in this game," Boland said.
Alibaba's revenue surged 46 per cent in the April to June quarter on strong gains in its mobile business, with net income attributable to its shareholders nearly tripling to $1.99 billion, or 84 cents a share.
Ma, who founded the company in a one-bedroom apartment, will have a paper fortune worth some $14 billion, vaulting him into the ranks of tech billionaires like Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos. The deal is also expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of the company's managers, software engineers and other staff.
In addition, it allows cornerstone Alibaba investors like Japan's Softbank and Yahoo to profit from their foresight in getting in on the ground floor at the e-commerce giant. Yahoo is selling some $8 billion worth of shares in the offering, leaving it with a 16.3 per cent stake. Softbank is not selling for now and will be left with a 32 per cent stake, making it the largest single shareholder.
The successful IPO sets the stage for Alibaba shares to make their debut on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday, with many investors and analysts betting that there is still room for a substantial first-day jump in the shares.
One investor said that the IPO's underwriters, who include Credit Suisse Group AG, Citigroup Inc and Goldman Sachs Group Inc, were hoping for a first day "pop" of 10 to 15 per cent. That's about in line with the norm for IPO debuts, whose underwriters typically seek an increase large enough to signal healthy demand but not so much so that it looks like the company and its investors "left money on the table."
Other big Chinese Internet stocks have performed well in US markets, including Baidu, whose shares rocketed 354 per cent on their first trading day in 2005.
Underwriters on the Alibaba deal also include Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co, with Rothschild, which does not have underwriting operations, advising Alibaba on the deal.
Still, concerns that an opaque corporate governance structure and Ma's outside investments will stymie minority investors' rights could limit the upside around the deal.
"Rarely in history has there been an IPO of this size for a company that we know less about," Senator Bob Casey, Democrat of Pennsylvania, said in a statement on Wednesday. "I continue to be concerned that about the level of transparency from Chinese firms listing in our markets."
Alibaba is selling 320 million shares, equivalent to about 13 per cent of the company's capital. Nearly two thirds of those shares are being sold by existing shareholders including Ma, who will reap $867 million.
(Reuters)

Five million iPhones are about to be smuggled into Chinaright back where they startedHow We Buy
September 19, 2014
Electronics supplier Foxconn is churning out 540,000 units of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus  every day from a factory in mainland China. But unfortunately for the country’s 700 million smartphone users, every single one of them is being exported.
The sale of the new iPhone has been delayed in China, possibly because of regulatory hurdles  from Beijing. The state-run Xinhua news agency reported that the devices’ radios have not yet received the proper authorization from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, a process that typically takes one to two months.
The delay is prompting no small amount of consternation among the consumers  who make up Apple’s second largest market by revenue. Chinese Apple fans are known to go to extremes to get the latest products—0ne man in Shanghai is allegedly offering to share his girlfriend in exchange for the funds to buy an iPhone 6—and in the absence of legitimate sales channels they set to shell out several times the normal retail price to buy iPhones from Hong Kong’s flourishing grey market.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Customers wait in line on the first day of sale for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus outside the Apple store at Grand Central Terminal in New York.(Reuters/Adrees Latif)
Share
Tap image to zoom
Customers stand in a line on the first day of sale for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, outside the Apple store in Hong Kong.(Reuters/Tyrone Siu)
Dealers in Hong Kong expect to sell the gold 128 gigabyte iPhone 6 Plus for about HK$20,000 ($2,580), more than twice as much what it is selling for on the Apple website . They’ve sent staff to buy handsets of the new iPhone in Tokyo, where dozens of Chinese shoppers were  lining up outside of Apple stores  yesterday. Similar lines were seen in New York , where the phone doesn’t go on sale until 8am EST, and in Singapore .
Within China, some retailers on Taobao are selling what appear to be counterfeits . And some Hong Kong residents are planning to  hawk their newly bought iPhones on streets of the nearby mainland city of Shenzhen.
The smuggling is illegal on two counts—dealers are avoiding steep import duties and selling mobile phones that haven’t yet been approved by the Chinese government. Still, Neil Shah, a devices expert at Counterpoint Research in Mumbai, told Bloomberg he expects as many as 5 million iPhones could be smuggled into China before the official release date, which still has yet to be announced.
Share this:

US Senate: Sept 30 to be  US-India Partnersh...Barack Obama
(Prime Minister Narendra…)
WASHINGTON: The US Senate has unanimously passed a bipartisan resolution designating September 30 as 'US-India Partnership Day' recognising the contribution of the two countries to one another and the relationship that will continue to help define the 21st century.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be at the White House on September 29-30 for talks with President Barack Obama .
Introduced by Senators Mark Warner of Democratic Party and John Cornyn from Republican on September 17, the resolution was passed unanimously moments before the Senate was adjourned last night. The Senate would now reconvene on November 12 after the Congressional elections.
Warner and Cornyn are Co-Chairmen of the Senate India Caucus - the only country specific caucus in the Senate. It has 42 members.
The resolution resolves that the Senate "designates September 30, 2014 as the 'United States and India Partnership Day' recognising the contribution of the US and India to one another and their relationship that will continue to help define the 21st century" and recognise that the relationship the two countries is "a special and permanent bond".
The 2014 Indian general election was the largest in the Indian history, proving that democracy in India is as strong as it is encompassing of its religious, ethnic, socioeconomic and cultural diversity, the resolution said.
It said President Obama congratulated Modi after his electoral victory and emphasised the "deep bond and commitment to promoting economic opportunity, freedom and security" in India and the US.
The two largest democracies in the world, the US and India, have further developed their governments, businesses, non-profit organisations, non-governmental organisations, artists, entertainers, athletes, scientists, engineers, doctors, nurses, universities, schools, and faiths and the dignity of their citizens by demonstrating the value of an enlightened democratic rule of law, a peaceful government, and freedom from terror, tyranny and oppression, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jadavpur University protests: Students stop registrar from entering office26
0
Kolkata: Jadavpur University students on Friday did not allow the Registrar and Pro-Vice Chancellor to enter the campus and boycotted classes for the second consecutive day in protest against police action on them two days ago.
Registrar Pradip Ghosh, Pro Vice-Chancellor Professor Siddhartha Datta, along with other officials, sat outside the university entrance gate with students blocking their entry and shouting slogans against the varsity authorities.
"They had called the police that day inside the campus and we were beaten up. The VC has no right to remain in office anymore and he must immediately resign. If they have to enter the campus they have to walk over our bodies," the students said.
The Registrar said since he was not being allowed to go to his office, he would wait outside till the agitation was over.
The Registrar said since he was not being allowed to go to his office, he would wait outside till the agitation was over.
"What can I do if they do not let me in?" he told reporters.
When contacted, Vice Chancellor Abhijit Chakrabarti, who has been advised bed rest for 4-5 days by doctors, refused to comment.
On the intervening night of September 16 and 17, the students had gheraoed the university's VC, Registrar and other members of the Executive Council demanding a fresh probe panel on alleged sexual harassment of a girl student inside the campus last month.
The VC had said he feared for his life and called the police which freed him in the early hours of September 17 and also arrested 35 protesting students.
Many of the students alleged they were brutally beaten up by the police inside the campus.
2

Yum Brands is dropping its bnh m chains communist-chic logoSeptember 19, 2014
This post has been updated.
Last week, Yum Brands—the fast-food behemoth that owns KFC, Pizza Hut, and Taco Bell—opened a test location of Banh Shop in Dallas, selling Vietnamese-style street food. The hope is that bánh mì, a popular Vietnamese sandwich that’s become trendy in affluent American cities, could catch on among the wider public—giving Yum ammunition in its  challenge to Chipotle for the fast-casual market.
But Banh Shop’s  honey-garlic-aioli tofu barely had a chance to get off the grill before the place started drawing complaints. Members of Dallas’s Vietnamese-American community, evoking bitter wartime memories, criticized Banh Shop’s branding, saying the logo’s five-pointed red star is a communist symbol repurposed to sell fast food. “The red star in the logo is offensive to the thousands of Vietnamese Americans who have suffered from the Vietnamese Communist regime,” Nikki Duong Koenig told CultureMap Dallas , a local news site.
Koenig and others also questioned the use of the name “Saigon” (“Saigon street food” is the restaurant’s tagline), saying it makes light of the city’s capture and renaming.
In response to the criticism, Yum Brands dropped the logo yesterday. Yum’s SVP, Jonathan Blum, apologized to the president of the Vietnamese-American Community of Greater Dallas, Thanh Cung, who had started a petition  for a logo change. “It was never our intent to offend anyone, but we see we have made a mistake and in hindsight, we should have recognized this logo could be offensive,” Blum wrote. The logo outside Banh Shop has been taken down, though as of this writing it’s still visible on the website.
Blum also asked for Cung’s help in vetting new branding. “We will design a new logo, and would greatly appreciate your reviewing it, along with other aspects of this restaurant, before we make a final decision,” he wrote. “We hope that you can let us know if there are any other elements in the new logo or aspects of the restaurant that could be perceived poorly.”
For what it’s worth, plenty of other bánh mì shops use “Saigon” in their names—like this popular one , which is run out of a jewelry store in Manhattan. The trouble in Banh Shop’s case might be the perception of cultural carpetbagging. Small bánh mì shops typically are run by people of Vietnamese heritage, not by multinationals based in Kentucky.
And while a five-pointed red star has been used as a communist symbol since the Russian Revolution, the similar star that appeared on the North Vietnamese flag (which was adopted in 1976 as the flag of the unified Vietnam ) was yellow, not red. Ostensibly non-communist companies like Macys and San Pellegrino use red stars prominently in their logos, but of course they’re not consciously invoking a national symbol in the same way that Banh Shop is.
But to those who have reacted viscerally to the logo, the subtleties of color are irrelevant. “It’s the star from the Communist Vietnamese flag,” Toan Tran, whose parents emigrated from Vietnam, told CultureMap. “Yes, it’s a different color, but to me, the Taco Bell Corporation chose something to represent the country of Vietnam that I personally think is absolutely the wrong choice.”
[September 19, 2014, 4:20am EDT: This post was updated after Yum Brands dropped Banh Shop's logo.]
Share this:

PM Modi to talk about ending open defecation at globalfestivalPress Trust of India | New York | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:15 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will highlight the need to bring an end to open defecation during an event New York that will be attended by over a dozen world leaders including UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon.
Organisers of the Global Citizen Festival said Modi will be attending the event on September 27 because he is dedicated to bringing an end to open defecation.
“Modi is coming to the festival because he is dedicated to helping people to see that using toilets is safer and cleaner than defecating in the open,” the organisation said.
Modi will be among the dozen world leaders, who will be attending the free ticketed event that will be held in the Great Lawn of the Central Park, a sprawling green island in the middle of concrete Manhattan.
The event will be hosted by actors Hugh Jackman, Jessica Alba and Katie Holmes and feature performances by music icon Jay Z.
Other global leaders who will be attending the festival include Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, World Bank President Jim Yong Kim, Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg and Prime Minister of Nepal Sushil Koirala.
The festival organisers said that the dignitaries will participate in the festival to “voice tangible commitments that could affect the lives of 50 million people.”
The organisation said Koirala is committed to making toilets more accessible even in the remotest parts of Nepal.
“When people think of development, they think of classrooms and construction projects. They should also think of toilets, which are fundamental to a community’s growth,” the organisation cited the Nepali leader as saying.
In a statement, Hasina said she is “delighted” to join the Festival and share Bangladesh’s unique experience and achievement in education, sanitation, health and women’s empowerment.
Modi is expected to reach New York on September 26 and will address the UN General Assembly the next day, giving his first global speech to an audience of nearly 200 world leaders.
After a grand community reception at the Madison Square Garden on September 28, Modi will head to Washington for his crucial bilateral meeting with President Barack Obama.
The Global Citizen is an initiative of Global Poverty Project, an international education and advocacy organization working to catalyze the movement to end extreme poverty by 2030.

Timeline: GSKs mounting woes in China© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ef7f7e1a-ed35-11e2-ad6e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hero Moto slips 2%  2 PE investors looking to sell stakeSep 19, 2014, 01.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hero Moto slips 2%, 2 PE investors looking to sell stake
It is learnt that both GIC and Aberdeen are in talks with other PE and financial investors to sell stake while Warburg Pincus, Carlyle and Blackstone have already expressed an interest. If the deal goes through via the secondary market, GIC and Aberdeen could be looking at a premium of 10 percent to current market price.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hero Moto slips 2%, 2 PE investors looking to sell stake
It is learnt that both GIC and Aberdeen are in talks with other PE and financial investors to sell stake while Warburg Pincus, Carlyle and Blackstone have already expressed an interest. If the deal goes through via the secondary market, GIC and Aberdeen could be looking at a premium of 10 percent to current market price.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of  Hero MotoCorp slipped 2 percent intraday Friday on reports that two private equity investors are offloading their stake in the company. According to CNBC-TV18 sources, private equity investors such as GIC and Aberdeen are planning to sell their stake in Hero MotoCorp worth over Rs 5600 crore. GIC is looking to sell its stake through secondary deal or open market.
It is learnt that both GIC and Aberdeen are in talks with other PE and financial investors to sell stake while Warburg Pincus, Carlyle and Blackstone have already expressed an interest. If the deal goes through via the secondary market, GIC and Aberdeen could be looking at a premium of 10 percent to current market price.
GIC holds 3.7 percent stake in Hero Moto, while Aberdeen holds 5.7 percent. If the talks with PE players do not materialise, then GIC and Aberdeen will be looking to sell their stake in tranches through open market transaction by this year-end.
Bain Capital, which had earlier held around 8 percent in the company has already sold significant stake in chunks through open market transactions. The PE players as well as Hero MotoCorp refused to comment on the story.
At 12:47 hrs Hero Motocorp was quoting at Rs 2,961.60, down Rs 36.55, or 1.22 percent on the BSE.
 

While you wait for the iPhone 6 to arrive in India  perhaps buy a drone for lessYou can just order one online. (Reuters/Fabrizio Bensch)
SHARE
Shruti Chakraborty @shruti_14789
September 19, 2014
This year’s general elections in India were extraordinary for numerous reasons, but there was one particularly remarkable exploit that mostly went over people’s heads—this was perhaps the first time in the country that drones were widely employed for election coverage.
Quidich, a New Delhi-based aerial photography company, had its drones hover above politicians, their rallies and constituencies in the run up to the polls. And working with a television news channel, a selection of cameras—small GoPros and high-quality DSLRs—they captured some extraordinary footage of what an Indian election looks like from above.
All those aerial stunts, however, didn’t come cheap: The drone used by Quidich costs between Rs 5-6 lakh ($8,220-$9,875).
But such steep prices aren’t a certainty in the world of drones.  You can, in fact, buy yourself a drone for the price of a smartphone and have it home delivered within a week. That’s quicker than you’ll probably get hold of the new iPhone.
“In our drones, each motor costs $330,” Tanuj Bhojwani, technical head at Quidich told Quartz. “But there are drones that you can buy for a $100 now.”
Just one quick caveat, as Bhojwani explains: “The cheaper drones don’t have a good camera and there is some compromise in terms of quality. But if you are lying on your bed and are too lazy to check if the pasta is cooked in the kitchen, you can keep one of these to do it for you.”
Drones are coming into widespread usage in India. The Kolkata police is buying a second one. Delhi’s Ram Lila will have one hovering above for security surveillance. Shopping websites such as Flipkart and Amazon sell drones. Here are a few options for fun and experiments with aerial photography.
DJI Phantom 2: For Rs 70,000 ($1,150) at phantomindia.com , this Chinese-made drone is staple for videographers. Other models could be attached with your own GoPro camera, though new variants have inbuilt camera systems that perform just as well. It can fly around a radius of up to a kilometer, with a top altitude of about 500 meters.
Tap image to zoom
(Reuters/Charles Platiau)
Parrot A R Drone 2.0 Power Edition: This one’s for hobbyist, available on Flipkart  for Rs 43,440 ($713) and for Rs 41,227 ($678) on Snapdeal  It doesn’t quite have the range of the Phantom, but it’s sturdy and may survive a mishap or two. The Parrot can fly for about 36 minutes on two batteries, controlled by an Android or iOS device.
Tap image to zoom
(Reuters/Steve Marcus)
Robofission quadcopter: Enthusiasts often start out by assembling a drone themselves. You can order a DIY kit from Robofission, a Bangalore-based startup, through its  website  for Rs 6,000 ($98). And in case you’re feeling less enthusiastic about putting it all together yourself, Robofission also offers an assembled drone.
Extreme Fliers Micro Drone 2.0: Order this one through eBay in India, and it’ll will be shipped to you from UK for just Rs 4,500. There is, however, a delivery charge. The Extreme Fliers has a bunch of optional attachments, including a camera, and comes complete with flashing lights that apparently let you even fly this micro drone at night.
You can also buy all the parts you need for building your own drone from online stores like RcBazaar.com and Rchobbyaddict.com.
This article is a part of Quartz India. For more, follow this link.
Share this:

Opple forays into Indian mkt  aims Rs 450 cr sales in 3 yrsOpple forays into Indian mkt  aims Rs 450 cr sales in 3 yrs
Indian stock markets remain buoyantIndian stock markets remain buoyant
StanChart doesn t expect RBI to cut policy rates in near-termStanChart doesn t expect RBI to cut policy rates in near-term
GoI appoints Harvinder Singh as officer employee director of Bank of IndiaGoI appoints Harvinder Singh as officer employee director of Bank of India
6th SAARC Home Ministers meet begins inNepalPress Trust of India | Kathmandu | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:34 pm
Nepalese Prime Minister Sushil Koirala on Friday inaugurated the 6th SAARC Home Ministers’ meet here which is expected to discuss counter-terrorism, maritime security, narcotic drugs, cyber crimes and other issues.
The Indian delegation is led by Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
In his opening remarks, Koirala said peace and prosperity are fundamental pillars of a healthy society and hoped the gathering would come out with concrete recommendations on accelerating regional cooperation and peace.
“Economic growth and social progress are possible only in a peaceful and secured environment, which in turn contribute  to consolidating democratic norms and values, protecting individual  freedom, and human rights,” he said.
The Prime Minister said: “South Asia is considered among the least integrated regions in the world as delivery from the SAARC process stands much below its potential.”
Koirala expressed hope that “SAARC Home Ministers’ meeting will come up with concrete recommendations on accelerating the process of regional cooperation.”
“SAARC is the most vulnerable region in terms of natural disaster as various types of incidents such as floods, earthquakes, landslides, occur in the region frequently, which affect everyone in this interdependent world,” Koirala said.
He underlined the need to strengthen “our capacity and promote collaborative efforts to deal with these problems.”
Nepal’s Deputy Prime Minister and Home Minister Bam Dev Gautam, who chaired the meeting, said “we are happy to note that SAARC countries are coming up closer and developing strong ties in mutual trust and understanding.”
Gautam said more effective and decisive actions are needed to translate the vision of SAARC into reality.
Home Ministers from all South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation member states – Bhutan, Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Maldives, Nepal, India and Sri Lanka – are attending the meet except Pakistan, which is being represented by its ambassador to Nepal.
The meeting is expected to discuss regional issues such as terrorism, drug and human trafficking and cyber crime.

Maxx MSD 7 Smarty review: It is a MSDMaxximum!Print
Daily tasks like messaging, sending mail and browsing the Internet run smoothly.
Written by Leela Prasad | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:28 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 4:40 pm
When Mahendra Singh Dhoni finished off the match with a towering six over long-on in the World Cup final against Sri Lanka he, perhaps, had played his best ODI innings ever.
Three years later, when Maxx launched the AXD 21 MSD 7 Smarty it almost felt like a repeat of that single, glorious moment that won India the World Cup after 22 years.
All the products that celebrities endorse may not be an outward extension of themselves, but the AXD 21 is the closest that can come to complementing our captain cool. It may not have cut down every test we put it to with a helicopter shot but it is something you might consider before investing in a budget smartphone.
Key Specs
Display – 4 inch, resolution – 480×800 pixels, storage – 4 GB, processor – 1GHz, RAM – 512 MB, rear camera – 3.2 MP, front camera – 0.3 MP, OS – Android 4.4.2, battery – 1450 mAh
Design
The front has thick bezels with three symbols etched in silver at the bottom that act as capacitive buttons. The edges of the screen are painted in standard black, which we see in most phones. Flip the phone and you’ll find that the rear cover is like a Persian carpet. It is bright, ruby-red in colour with the maker’s name stenciled in yellow, block letters. It is also available in white and black.
There is nothing radical or pioneering about its design. It is easy on the eye and blessed aesthetically with simpleness.
Software
Daily tasks like messaging, sending mail and browsing the Internet run smoothly. It barely breaks into a sweat performing tasks that are heavy on its 1 GHz processor and 512 MB memory.
Of course, the AXD 21 cannot lift weights and do 500 bench-presses on its 512 MB RAM, but it can easily juggle memory between apps and multiple browser tabs.
It runs on Kitkat and comes with preloaded Maxx apps.
Camera
Despite a plethora of options like HDR, timelapse they lose their lustre because of the 3.5 MP rear camera. Outdoor shots in bright lighting may not giveaway its shortcomings but pictures clicked indoors will let the cat out of the bag.
The 0.3 MP front camera can at best mimic the effects of the 1999 horror film The Blair Witch Project; perfect for Halloween selfies, but best avoided on a night out with friends.
Battery
The 1450 mAh battery might easily power a feature phone, but will it endure a dual-sim smartphone with 3G that will squeeze every drop of juice from it like a thirsty Hummer sipping through a gas pump nozzle?
We took out the AXD 21 for a spin as a backup device to live tweet from an event and it lasted a little less than four hours after continuous use of 3G.
Verdict
For a grand sum of Rs 4,020, I would say that the AXd 21 is akin to a pub serving single-malt scotch in happy hours, and throw in a free 16 GB micro SD, it is like extending the hours till late night. If you ignore the minor flaws like its headphones which remixes treble and bass to produce a completely, different genre altogether then this comes highly recommended to those who religiously live, breathe the dharma of paisa vasool.

PM Modi to talk about ending open defecation...You are here: Home > Collections > Defecation
PM Narendra Modi to talk about ending open defecation at Global Citizen Festival at New York
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 02.24PM IST
Tags:
Ban Ki-Moon
(Modi will be among the…)
NEW YORK: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will highlight the need to bring an end to open defecation during an event here that will be attended by over a dozen world leaders including UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon .
Organisers of the Global Citizen Festival said Modi will be attending the event on September 27 because he is dedicated to bringing an end to open defecation.
"Modi is coming to the festival because he is dedicated to helping people to see that using toilets is safer and cleaner than defecating in the open," the organisation said.
Modi will be among the dozen world leaders, who will be attending the free ticketed event that will be held in the Great Lawn of the Central Park , a sprawling green island in the middle of concrete Manhattan.
The event will be hosted by actors Hugh Jackman, Jessica Alba and Katie Holmes and feature performances by music icon Jay Z.
Other global leaders who will be attending the festival include Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina , World Bank President Jim Yong Kim, Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg and Prime Minister of Nepal Sushil Koirala.
The festival organisers said that the dignitaries will participate in the festival to "voice tangible commitments that could affect the lives of 50 million people."
The organisation said Koirala is committed to making toilets more accessible even in the remotest parts of Nepal.
"When people think of development, they think of classrooms and construction projects. They should also think of toilets, which are fundamental to a community's growth," the organisation cited the Nepali leader as saying.
In a statement, Hasina said she is "delighted" to join the Festival and share Bangladesh's unique experience and achievement in education, sanitation, health and women's empowerment.
Modi is expected to reach New York on September 26 and will address the UN General Assembly the next day, giving his first global speech to an audience of nearly 200 world leaders.
After a grand community reception at the Madison Square Garden on September 28, Modi will head to Washington for his crucial bilateral meeting with President Barack Obama.
The Global Citizen is an initiative of Global Poverty Project, an international education and advocacy organization working to catalyze the movement to end extreme poverty by 2030.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets @ 2: 20 stocks top experts are betting onYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex rangebound; here's what experts are betting on
ET Now Sep 19, 2014, 11.42AM IST
Tags:
ashish
(Nifty index rallied over…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 135 points in trade in Friday, led by gains in TCS, Infosys, Reliance, Sun Pharma and Wipro .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index rallied over 40 points to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8150, supported by gains in pharma, power, realty, capital goods and IT stocks.
At 3:06 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,110.48, down 1.73 points.
The Nifty was at 8,127.20, up 12.45 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Tata Consultancy Services Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2800 and a stop loss of Rs 2650
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1720 and a stop loss of Rs 1650
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2840 and a stop loss of Rs 2600
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2440
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 145 and a stop loss of Rs 137
Tata Elxsi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 750 and a stop loss of Rs 635
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 320 and a stop loss of Rs 297
CNX IT is a 'BUY' call with a target of 11450 and a stop loss of 11140
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2525 and a stop loss of Rs 2460
Dabur India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 236 and a stop loss of Rs 222
Grasim Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3790 and a stop loss of Rs 3620
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 355 and a stop loss of Rs 343
Force Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1070 and a stop loss of Rs 975
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 141 and a stop loss of Rs 137
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
Escorts Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 165 and a stop loss of Rs 158
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 154 and a stop loss of Rs 147
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2450
Ashish Chaturmohta, Head Technical & Derivatives Desk Research, Fortune Equity Brokers (India) Ltd
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2440
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3850 and a stop loss of Rs 3680
Arvind Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 350
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Buy Container Corporation; target of Rs 1470; Kotak SecLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Container Corporation: target of Rs 1470; Kotak Sec
Kotak Securities is bullish on Container Corporation of India and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 1470 in its September 19, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
Kotak Securities research report on Container Corporation of India
“Concor is expected to do a total capex of Rs 60 bn in XII five year XII plan covering FY12 to FY17E (Rs11bn in FY15) with plans to develop several logistics parks/private freight terminals (PFT) across India and along the dedicated freight corridor. We expect this will add another source of revenue to the company (open for private use) and also complement the current business of the company. The company has already notified and started operations at two PFTs - one in Khatuwas and second in Secunderabad. Management expects the number of terminals to increase to 78 (now 60) by end of FY17. We estimate these investments would have a long gestation period and would be returns dilutive in the near term. However, note that return dilution should be seen in the context that currently this capital earns returns attributable to cash only. While short-term pressure may exist, eventually operational returns would exceed cash returns The company is currently having 240 rakes with 20 more rakes expected to join the fleet by end of FY15E.”
“Realizations continue to remain stable for Concor for both Exim and domestic segments. Concor is also able to sustain its market share at ~75% in Exim. The company has reported strong volumes for FY14/Q1FY15 and we estimate the company to deliver 9% volume CAGR over FY14 to FY16E in Exim (versus guidance of 10%) and volume CAGR of 8% in the domestic segment (versus guidance of 15%). We estimate operating margins to sustain at ~23% and ROE of ~15%. The company recently got the status of Navratna PSU which we believe also adds value to the company. We value the company at 22 times FY16E EPS, a premium for its dominant market share, strong asset base, outperformance and strong balance sheet. Continue to Recommend BUY with an unchanged TP of Rs 1465,” says Kotak Securities research report. 
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy SBI; target of Rs 2695; IIFLLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy SBI: target of Rs 2695; IIFL
IIFL is bullish on State Bank of India (SBI) and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 2695 in its September 19, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
IIFL`s research report on State Bank of India
“Despite the recent phase of correction, SBI managed to sustain above the falling wedge breakout level. In yesterday’s trade, SBI advanced by 2% which suggests that the stock has resumed its earlier upmove. Moreover, on the short-term charts, the stock is on the verge of breaking out above the neckline of its inverted head & shoulders pattern. Also, the stock continues to trade above the support of its rising trendline. With BankNifty showing positive chart structure, SBI is likely to lead the rally in next few trading sessions. (Duration 5 days),” says IIFL research report. 
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Markets remain flat; TCS  Cipla top Sensex gainersMarkets remain flat; TCS  Cipla top Sensex gainers
REITs expected to be a game changer for Indian commercial real estate sectorREITs expected to be a game changer for Indian commercial real estate sector
Infosys expands partnership with Hitachi Data SystemsInfosys expands partnership with Hitachi Data Systems
IISc: novel membrane filters water  kills bacteria“When we supply pure water [to RO unit], the pressure on RO motor will come down. So the efficiency of RO will increase.” Photo: D Gopalakrishnan
TOPICS
health
A low-cost water purification membrane capable of filtering out objects greater than one micron size and also killing E. coli bacteria has been developed by the Bangalore-based Indian Institute of Science (IISc) researchers and Steer Engineering Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore. The results of the study were published recently in the Journal of Materials Chemistry A.
The novel membrane with pores as small as 0.57-0.68 microns was developed by mixing two polymers — polyethylene (PE) and polyethylene oxide (PEO) — at 180 degree C. Unlike PE, PEO is water-soluble and the two polymers are immiscible.
“We want them to be immiscible as we want to remove one of them, in this case the PEO which is water soluble,” said Dr. Suryasarathi Bose, Assistant Professor, Department of Materials Engineering, IISc. He is the corresponding author of the paper. Tiny holes came into being once the water-soluble polymer was removed.
In order to create pores that are sub-micron in size, the amount of PEO polymer distributed in the PE matrix should also be sub-micron in size. To achieve this, only a tiny amount of PEO was taken compared with PE. Also, the polymers mixed at 180 degree C were sheared at high speed to produce tiny droplets of PEO. “The higher the shear rate, the smaller the droplets,” Prof. Bose said.
The PEO droplets on the matrix were then removed to create tiny holes. “We take the mixture and dip it in water. As soon as we dip the mixture, the PEO gets dissolved in water leaving behind tiny holes in the PE matrix,” he explained.
Going further, the researchers rendered the membrane antibacterial against E.coli. For this, grapheme oxide (GO) was mixed with PE and PEO and the graphene oxide was made functional with amine groups. The tablet-shaped samples with tiny holes are hydrophobic (water repellent) in nature.
Since the holes were sub-micron in size, pressure was required to force water through the holes. “The pressure used varied from one to seven psi. Flux [rate of water flow] increased as the pressure applied increased,” said Prof. Bose.
“Since pressure was used to force water through the tiny holes, the hydrophobic nature of the tablet would not have mattered,” said Prof. Bose.
The membrane filtered all solid substances that were more than one micron in size. “By itself, the membrane cannot remove salinity. For that, one has to use reverse osmosis,” Prof. Bose said.
When put into a colony of E. coli bacteria, the tablets reduced the E. coli colony at 37 degree C; measurements were made 24 hours after the tablets were left in the bacterial colony.
There are two ways in which the bacteria may be getting killed. The roughness of the grapheme oxide surface is one factor while the interaction of the amine group of the tablet with the phosphate group of the lipids present in the cell could be another. “The amine group destroys the integrity of the cell membrane,” he said.
Since the tablet is hydrophobic in nature, the killed E. coli to a large extent do not stick to the membrane.
Though it cannot remove salinity, its ability to filter particles larger than one micron makes the membrane attractive.
“This membrane can support reverse osmosis but can’t replace it. If we use this membrane before RO then the efficiency of RO membrane will increase,” Prof. Bose stressed. “When we supply pure water [to RO unit], the pressure on RO motor will come down. So the efficiency of RO will increase.”

BSE  NSE to shift 2 UB Group firms to  Z  segmentBSE, NSE to shift 2 UB Group firms to restricted trade segment
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 13:22 IST
Photo: Reuters
Leading bourses BSE and NSE have taken action against Vijay Mallya -led UB group firms Kingfisher Airlines and UB Engineering for non-compliance to timely reporting of financial results for two consecutive quarters.
The exchanges will shift these companies to restricted trade category or 'Z' segment from September 24.
Under 'Z' segment, no speculative trading is allowed and delivery of shares and payment of consideration amount are mandatory.
In a similar-worded circulars, the exchanges have said that these "scrips (Kingfisher Airlines and UB Engineering) will be transferred to 'Z' group with effect from Wednesday, September 24, 2014, due to non-compliance for two consecutive quarters i.e March 2014 and June 2014 for the Clause-41 of the Listing Agreement."
Clause-41 of the Listing Agreement deals with non-compliance to timely reporting of financial results.
Apart from Kingfisher Airlines and UB Engineering, BSE will shift another 25 companies including Arihants Securities, Birla Pacific Medspa, Pretto Leather Industries and Best & Crompton Engineering to the restricted trade category.
The National Stock Exchange has also announced similar action against another four companies California Software Company, Surya Pharmaceutical, Goenka Diamond & Jewels and Varun Industries. These companies are also part of the BSE list.
 

ITC Launches New Cigarette VariantYou are here: Home Corporates
ITC Launches New Cigarette Variant
NDTV | Updated On: September 18, 2014 14:43 (IST)
ITC has launched a new variant of its popular cigarette brand, Gold Flake. The company has launched the 84 mm (millimetre) Gold Flake Quad Core filter cigarette, Cogencies reported citing sources.
A pack of 10 Gold flake Quad Core cigarettes will cost Rs 95.
ITC's stable of cigarettes includes brands like Classic, Gold Flake, India Kings, Bristol Filter, Capstan Filter, Flake Filter and Flake Excel Filter.
The ITC stock was up 0.90 per cent on the BSE at 2:02 pm, underperforming the broder Nifty and the Sensex.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 14:39 (IST)

Bourses may shift 12 cos to normal trading segment: SebiBourses may shift 12 companies to normal trading segment, says Sebi
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 12:32 IST
Photo: Reuters
Market regulator Sebi on Thursday said stock exchanges may consider transferring securities of as many as 12 firms, including Denim Developers and Dalmia Industrial Development, to normal trading category from the restricted segment.
The other firms which could be shifted are Salem Erode Investments, Tinnevelly Tuticorin Investments, Positive Electronics, Vegetable Products, Virat Leasing, Kaushal Investments, Crescent Leasing, Fraser and Company, Synergy Bizcon and Durgesh Merchants.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said these firms are eligible for shifting from the 'Trade for Trade Settlement (TFTS)' to a 'Normal Rolling Settlement' as they have established connectivity with both depositories - NSDL and CDSL.
The 'trade for trade' segment is a restricted category, wherein, no speculative trading is allowed and delivery of shares and payment of the consideration amount are mandatory.
In a circular issued on Thursday, Sebi has advised the stock exchanges to report to it the action taken in this regard in the monthly/quarterly development report.
The shifting is subject to the condition that 50 per cent of non-promoter holdings in these companies should be in dematerialised form.
The stock exchanges may consider shifting the trading in these securities to normal Rolling Settlement subject to the following: at least 50 per cent of other than promoter holdings are in dematerialised mode before shifting the trading in the securities of the company from TFTS to normal Rolling Settlement, Sebi said.
For this purpose, the listed companies require to obtain a certificate from its Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA) and submit the same to the stock exchange.
In case, an issuer company does not have a separate RTA, it may obtain a certificate in this regard from a practising company Secretary/Chartered Accountant and submit the same to the stock exchange, the regulator added. Besides, Sebi said the securities could be shifted to the normal category if there are no other grounds/reasons for continuation of the trading in TFTS.

Mumbai-London: Pay 90% less via British AirwaysBritish Airways gives 90 per cent discount on Mumbai-London ticket
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 18:30 IST
Photo: Reuters
British Airways announced a flash one-day sale on Thursday, offering massive discount of up to 90 per cent on return tickets between Mumbai and London to commemorate nine decades of its India operations.
Under the offer, the lowest-priced Mumbai-London return ticket would start at Rs 40,252 for economy travel from October 1-31, this year, the airline said in a statement.
"We, at British Airways, are pleased to introduce this once-in-a-lifetime offer for our customers from Mumbai as part of our 90 years' anniversary celebration in the market," Christopher Fordyce, BA's Regional Commercial Manager (South Asia), told PTI from Mumbai.
To questions, he said this one-day offer was not "just another flash sale" but meant only to commemorate the 90th anniversary.
Asked whether several foreign airlines like Lifthansa, Qatar Airways and Emirates were offering to attract Indian customers due to excess capacity, Fordyce said such offers were a regular feature in the aviation market and not generally driven by excess capacity.
"It is a fight for the market, not too much for additional capacity," he said, adding that this was an offer for "our loyal customers".
The flash sale came weeks after the airline came out with one of the biggest sale offers of up to 50 per cent on flights from India to select destinations in the UK, the USA, Europe, Latin America, Caribbean and London. This earlier offer is valid till September 30.

Larry Ellison stepping down as Oracle CEOLarry Ellison stepping down as Oracle CEO
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 19, 2014: 2:39 PM ET
 
Oracle's Larry Ellison steps down as CEO
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Larry Ellison is stepping down as Oracle's CEO, a position he has held at the company since he founded it in 1977.
Ellison is the world's top-paid CEO , bringing in $78.4 million last year. Technically, his salary is only $1 -- he gets paid in company stock options. He's the fifth-richest person in the world, with a net worth of $51 billion, according to Forbes.
Safra Catz and Mark Hurd, Ellison's top lieutenants, will replace him as co-CEOs. Catz has been Oracle's president since 2004, and Hurd joined Oracle after his unceremonious ouster as CEO of Hewlett-Packard ( HPQ , Tech30 ) in 2010.
Both Catz and Hurd are also well-paid. Both took home $43.6 million in 2013.
The 70-year old Ellison will remain at Oracle ( ORCL , Tech30 ), taking over as executive chairman of the company's board on Thursday. He was also given the title of Chief Technology Officer.
Related: 12 top paid CEOs
"The three of us have been working well together for the last several years, and we plan to continue working together for the foreseeable future," Ellison said. "Keeping this management team in place has always been a top priority of mine."
He will continue to work "full time," shifting his focus from management to product engineering, according to company director Michael Boskin.
Ellison is known for his brash, outspoken demeanor and his affinity for yachting. Ellison's Oracle Team USA won the America's Cup yachting race in San Francisco last year. But the victory was controversial -- Ellison's team was fined $250,000 by an international jury for making illegal modifications to its 2012 yacht .
Investors don't seem thrilled about Ellison relinquishing the CEO post. Oracle shares dropped over 4% on Friday after the company reported profits that were well short of expectations. The announcement also came the same day that rival firm SAP ( SAP , Tech30 ) revealed that it is acquiring Concur ( CNQR ), a cloud based expense management system.
First Published: September 18, 2014: 4:20 PM ET
Most Popular

Richard Verma may be new US envoy to IndiaDavid Brunnstrom and Jeff Mason     Washington   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 12:13 IST
US President Barack Obama. (Photo: Reuters)
US President Barack Obama nominated former State Department official Richard Verma as the country's ambassador to India on Thursday, just ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Washington, a White House statement said.
Verma, an Indian-American, served as assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs at the State Department in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2011.
He is currently a senior counselor at Steptoe & Johnson law firm and the Albright Stonebridge Group, a business advisory company, led by former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.
White House officials said Verma has close relationships with Obama's White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough, National Security Adviser Susan Rice, and Senior Adviser John Podesta. He will be the first Indian-American to do the job.
If he is confirmed by Congress, Verma will replace Nancy Powell, who resigned in March after a damaging row over the treatment of a junior Indian diplomat, Devyani Khobragade, who was accused by authorities in New York of visa fraud and underpaying a domestic worker. Khobragade was arrested and strip-searched in New York last year, an incident that took the US-India relationship to its lowest ebb in a decade.
The US Embassy in New Delhi is currently headed by a charge d' Affairs, Kathleen Stephens.
Modi is due to visit Washington September 29-30 for a trip aimed at revitalising ties and clearing the air. The Prime Minister was denied a visa to the United States in 2005 after Hindu mobs killed more than 1,000 people, most of them Muslims, in 2002 while he was chief minister of his home state of Gujarat.
The US sees India as a natural ally on a range of issues and a potential counterbalance to an increasingly assertive China in Asia and is keen to expand relations across the board, particularly in the security sphere.
In 2010, Obama declared the US-India relationship would be "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century," but ties have so far failed to live up fully to this billing.
Some analysts have questioned whether an Indian-American would be the best choice as ambassador, given ambivalence among some in India about the diaspora in the United States.
They have also said it was important for the US to pick "a heavy-hitter" close to the US President to show it considered India a real strategic partner.
Verma's association with Obama goes back to 2008, when he worked on presidential debate preparations for the then-Illinois senator. Verma's parents came to the US in the early 1960s having lived through India's fight for independence from Britain and partition, White House officials said.
With US lawmakers about to leave town to spend the next six weeks campaigning for the November 4 congressional elections, Verma will not be confirmed by the Senate before mid-November.
The Obama administration has been fighting with the Senate all year to get its nominees confirmed more quickly. There are currently dozens of nominees for ambassadorships awaiting confirmation by the US Senate.
(Reuters)

Alibaba raises $21.8 billion | Jack Ma s suc...Alibaba IPO prices at top of range at $68 per share, raising $21.8 billion
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 04.52AM IST
Alibaba prices IPO at $68 per share
Alibaba prices IPO at $68 per share
Alibaba's IPO is the third-largest ever behind Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's record $22.1 billion listing in 2010 and ICBC's $22 billion flotation in 2006.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
Alibaba Group Holding priced its initial public offering at $68 a share, the top end of the expected range, raising $21.8 billion on Thursday, in the latest sign of strong investor appetite for the Chinese e-commerce juggernaut.
At that price, the IPO, one of the largest-ever, would give Alibaba a market valuation of $167.6 billion, surpassing American corporate icons from Walt Disney Co to Boeing Co. The offering also vaults it atop US e-commerce rivals like Amazon and eBay and gives it more financial firepower to expand in the United States and other markets.
"I'd put them (Alibaba) in a class of Facebook and Google with the scale they have, growth prospects and profitability," said Scot Wingo, CEO of e-commerce software provider ChannelAdvisor . "There's a scarcity value there."
An Ipsos poll conducted for Thomson Reuters found that 88 per cent of Americans had never heard of the Chinese e-commerce company, which is responsible for 80 per cent of online sales in the world's second largest economy and works with a number of businesses there including consumer online marketplace Taobao and payment service Alipay.
But that didn't sap enthusiasm among multiple large US institutions, including Blackrock, which put in orders for allocations of at least $1 billion in shares, according to the sources.
Between 35 and 40 institutions placed orders for $1 billion or more shares each, investors briefed on the matter said.
Keen to buy into China's rapid growth and evolving Internet sector, investors have been clamoring to get shares since top executives at Alibaba, including Ma, kicked off the road show last week.
"It was one of the more impressive IPO presentations," said Jerry Jordan, manager of the $48 million Jordan Opportunity Fund . "I didn't realize just quite how successful they are."
Based on the amount raised so far, Alibaba's IPO is the third-largest ever behind Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's record $22.1 billion listing in 2010 and ICBC's $22 billion flotation in 2006.
If underwriters exercise an option to sell more shares, as many expect, Alibaba's will surpass both Chinese lenders to become the largest-ever. Alibaba and certain other shareholders also granted underwriters a separate 30-day option to buy up to an additional 48 million shares.
Many investors reported difficulty in getting the full allocation of shares they were aiming for.
John Boland, president of Maple Capital Management in Montpelier, Vermont said he had put in orders for about 5,000 Alibaba shares on behalf of high net worth individuals and institutions and had been told the offer was oversubscribed and that they would probably not get the full order.
"Beating the rush doesn't count in this game," Boland said.
Alibaba's revenue surged 46 per cent in the April to June quarter on strong gains in its mobile business, with net income attributable to its shareholders nearly tripling to $1.99 billion, or 84 cents a share.
Ma, who founded the company in a one-bedroom apartment, will have a paper fortune worth some $14 billion, vaulting him into the ranks of tech billionaires like Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos . The deal is also expected to make millionaires out of a substantial chunk of the company's managers, software engineers and other staff.
In addition, it allows cornerstone Alibaba investors like Japan's Softbank and Yahoo to profit from their foresight in getting in on the ground floor at the e-commerce giant. Yahoo is selling some $8 billion worth of shares in the offering, leaving it with a 16.3 per cent stake. Softbank is not selling for now and will be left with a 32 per cent stake, making it the largest single shareholder.
The successful IPO sets the stage for Alibaba shares to make their debut on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday, with many investors and analysts betting that there is still room for a substantial first-day jump in the shares.
One investor said that the IPO's underwriters, who include Credit Suisse Group AG, Citigroup Inc and Goldman Sachs Group Inc, were hoping for a first day "pop" of 10 to 15 per cent. That's about in line with the norm for IPO debuts, whose underwriters typically seek an increase large enough to signal healthy demand but not so much so that it looks like the company and its investors "left money on the table."
Other big Chinese Internet stocks have performed well in US markets, including Baidu Inc, whose shares rocketed 354 per cent on their first trading day in 2005.
Underwriters on the Alibaba deal also include Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co, with Rothschild, which does not have underwriting operations, advising Alibaba on the deal.
Still, concerns that an opaque corporate governance structure and Ma's outside investments will stymie minority investors' rights could limit the upside around the deal.
"Rarely in history has there been an IPO of this size for a company that we know less about," Senator Bob Casey, Democrat of Pennsylvania, said in a statement on Wednesday. "I continue to be concerned that about the level of transparency from Chinese firms listing in our markets."
Alibaba is selling 320 million shares, equivalent to about 13 per cent of the company's capital. Nearly two thirds of those shares are being sold by existing shareholders including Ma, who will reap $867 million.

U.K. markets rally as Scotland votes to stayMarkets rally as Scotland votes to stay
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN September 19, 2014: 6:28 AM ET
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Investors breathed a deep sigh of relief Friday as Scotland voted to stay in the United Kingdom, averting months of turmoil that would have hurt the economy.
Results from the historic referendum showed 55% voted against independence in Thursday's ballot, a clearer margin than expected.
Stock markets rose, with shares in Scottish companies doing particularly well. The FTSE 100 index gained 0.7% in morning trading.
"The risk of huge disruption from Scottish independence is gone. Not for good ... but for a considerable time," noted Robert Wood, chief U.K. economist at Berenberg bank. "For now markets can return to normal.
The pound got an early bounce before slipping back against the U.S. dollar. It was steady against the euro.
The U.K. currency had already rallied this week, recovering much of the ground lost in early September when surveys suggested Scotland was on the brink of ending its 307-year union with England.
Central bank action will again take center stage for currency dealers.
"Markets can refocus on monetary policy divergence, and as the Federal Reserve marches towards the exit from QE ... the dollar will rally," said Kit Juckes, strategist at Societe Generale.
Related: GlaxoSmithKline faces massive fine for bribery
Companies and banks that warned they may migrate south of the border if Scotland broke away were quick to reassure investors and customers that it was business as usual.
"The announcement we made about moving our registered head office to England was part of a contingency plan to ensure certainty and stability for our customers, staff and shareholders should there be a 'Yes' vote," Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) said in a statement. "That contingency plan is no longer required."
Shares in RBS gained 3%.
A vote in favor of independence would have ushered in months, if not years, of difficult divorce proceedings over the currency , North Sea oil , U.K. national debt and Scotland's place in the European Union.
Investors feared that the considerable uncertainty would dent business and consumer confidence, hurt growth, slow job creation and hit tax revenues.
The Scotch Whisky Association had said it was concerned about how potential changes in Scottish tax and trade rules could hurt exports to international markets.
Still, market relief will be tempered by the fact that the U.K. government made big concessions in the last days of the campaign, promising to hand over much more power to the Scottish parliament in Edinburgh.
That in turn has sparked a political backlash in England , the consequences of which are unclear. And with a U.K. election just eight months way -- a vote that could lead to a referendum on EU membership in 2017 -- political risk will remain high for some time to come.
Scotland's decision may ease concerns about disintegration elsewhere in Europe , particularly in Spain where separatists in Catalonia are pushing for their own independence vote in November.
Spain's stock market gained 1% Friday, outperforming other European markets.
First Published: September 19, 2014: 3:33 AM ET
Most Popular

High-tech gadgets can t keep out burglars  crime-hit S Africans go for coffinsprint
Many properties in crime-ridden South Africa are secured by electronic burglar alarms and high concrete walls topped with high-voltage electric fences, but in the quaint small diamond mining town of Cullinan, coffins are the latest security gadgets.
Following a spate of robberies in the semi-rural town of around 28,000 people, some residents have found that caskets are keeping burglars at bay.
Tired of the break-ins, a couple that runs a scrap metal trading firm thought they would experiment with a coffin to deter thieves.
From three burglaries a week, they have registered zero since they erected a black coffin among rusting pieces of iron piping strewn around the open-air hectare surrounded with a wire mesh perimeter fencing.
Scrapyard manager Rita Gathino stands by a displayed coffin close to their entrance gate in Cullinan, South Africa. (AFP Photo)
So the low cost and no-frills but quirky idea to protect their wares, must be effective.
"Crime is high," said Rita Gatinho, company manager. "I don't carry guns, am totally against that, what do we do to protect ourselves?"
It started off as joke when a customer came in last year offering to sell them an unused coffin.
"My husband said 'let me just put it up maybe it will help to keep the thieves away,' which it did," said Gatinho. "It's been, wow! I must say touch wood, it's working," she said stretching her hand to the coffin.
Pieces of yellow reflective tape are stuck on the coffin which is gradually decomposing in the sun and the rain.
South Africans last year reported more than 300,000 burglaries at residential and business properties, according to Crime Stats SA -- which collates crime figures released by police.
'I have got security'
A few hundreds of metres away from the shop, biker and former prison warder Rusty Pool has converted his treasure chest-shaped trailer into a wooden coffin, coming with all the trimmings of stainless steel handles.
His original idea was not to scare off anyone because there are no superstitions around coffins in his culture. After all coffins were used for storing dried fruits and stacked on house roof tops during the olden days.
Biker and former prison warder Rusty Poole shows one of the gadget attached to his coffin shaped trailer at his home in Cullinan, South Africa. (AFP Photo)
So his idea then had been to come up with a novelty sleeper trailer which he would use when he goes camping during biking rallies.
Coincidentally he decided on the design shortly after the sleepy town east of Pretoria had experienced a spike in crime.
Thieves had poisoned most of the residents' dogs before going on a stealing rampage.
He was a victim and lost two motorcycles.
"Ever since (he built the coffin) nothing has happened," he said touching his brown panelled pine wood coffin.
He parks the coffin next to his 2000cc motorised three-wheeler in his yard, in full view of passersby or any would-be thieves.
Many people give the avid biker a stunned look, and keep as far away from him as possible whenever he is riding around.
"I think (in especially the) black culture they have got lots of respect for coffins, they don't come near me," said 51-year-old Pool.
People "walk about three or four metres (away), they don't approach the coffin."
Scrapyard manager Rita Gathino prepares to close a displayed coffin used to scare away thieves near their entrance gate in Cullinan, South Africa. (AFP Photo)
Back at the scrap yard company, two black customers casually laugh off at the idea of using a coffin for security, making little of it as they bargain the price of a rusty oval steel bowl.
And a white customer goes about rummaging for pieces of items he wants to buy, clearly unperturbed by the coffin. He jokingly remarks "you recycle everything but coffins."
Anthropologists suggest that superstition, more than respect is what drives people of certain cultures from coffins.
"I hope people don't take it as a bad thing," said Gatinho. "We didn't put it up to scare people or wake the dead."
Even as her "security" coffin is starting to give in to the vagaries of the weather, she vows never to pull it down.
"It works for me... I have got security."
Meantime Pool makes sure he cleans and polishes his every fortnight, buffing up the yellow bold inscription "mother-in-law in transit".

Renowned Carnatic musician Mandolin Srinivas diesRenowned Carnatic musician Mandolin Srinivas dies
KV Lakshmana , Hindustan Times  Chennai, September 19, 2014
First Published: 12:43 IST(19/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:42 IST(20/9/2014)
Comments
India’s music fraternity woke up to the shocking news of the passing away of a child prodigy who grew into an inspirational Carnatic music icon – Uppalapu ‘Mandolin’ Srinivas -- on Friday morning. The mandolin expert was admitted to a private hospital in Chennai, where he breathed his last at 9.30 am after a failed liver transplant, hospital sources said. Srinivas was admitted a few days back with liver problems.
U Srinivas Mandolin (KPN)
His untimely death at a relatively young age of 45 plunged the music fraternity into sadness, with musicians across the country expressing grief over the great loss to the music world.
Within no time of the sad news breaking out, percussion maestro Zakir Hussain, who played with Srinivas, tweeted, “today mother India cries, today a part of Indian music died and we are orphaned. RIP my dear brother Mandolin Srinivas.” 
Today mother India cries, today a part of Indian music died and we are orphaned, RIP my dear brother Mandolin Srinivas
— Zakir Hussain (@ZakirHtabla) September 19, 2014
Srinivas had also played with flautist Pandit Hari Prasad Chaurasia.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu were among the first to pay their condolences . “Deeply saddened by sudden passing of U Srinivas, renowned Carnatic musician & legendary Mandolin player.  My condolences to family members,” Naidu tweeted.
The Prime Minister expressed grief on the passing away of renowned musician Shri Uppalapu Shrinivas.
— PMO India (@PMOIndia) September 19, 2014
Singer Shreya Ghoshal described him as one of the greatest musicians of the world. “And too young to go away,” she said echoing the sentiments of many people.
As a young boy from Palakol, a tiny village in West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, Srinivas took the very rigid and tough Carnatic music world in Chennai by storm. He picked up his father’s mandolin as a five-year-old and introduced it to the world of Carnatic music in its Mecca -- Madras as it was known then – and took it to great heights. He earned praise from legends like Semangudi Jayaraman and others.
Said an army official V Ganapathy, “When we were in 10th or 11th standard in Madras throwing paper bombs and chalks at each other, he (Mandolin Srinivas) was already a big star doing the rounds of The Music Academy (and he was nearly 5 years younger !!). Even here (in death, he beat us to it).”
A child prodigy, Srinivas grew into a master musician who took a Western musical instrument and married it successfully to the rigid world of Carnatic music that is steeped in discipline and tradition. His first public performance was way back in 1978 in Vijayawada, as a six-year-old.
He was still below 10 years when he performed at the Madras Music season in 1981 for the Indian Fine Arts Society.
As a child artist he started touring the world and was among the few Indian musicians to have performed at JazzFest in Berlin, way back in 1983. In 1988 he was awarded the Padma Shri.
He not only popularised a Western instrument among Carnatic musicians but also experimented with fusion of Carnatic music with Western classical, folk and pop music. He performed with Western artists such as Michael Brook, John McLaughlin, Nigel Kennedy, Trey Gunn, Michael Nyman and others.

Indian Muslims wont dance to the tunes of Al-Qaeda  they will live and die for the country: NarendraModi"This is a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race," said Modi on terror.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:38 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 11:37 am
Indian Muslims will live and die for India, and the al-Qaeda is “delusional” if it thinks they will dance to their tune, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said in an interview ahead of his US visit.
“My understanding is that they are doing injustice to the Muslims of our country. If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India — they will not want anything bad for India,” Modi said in an interview to CNN’s Fareed Zakaria.
He was responding to Zakaria’s question on the al-Qaeda chief’s video and appeal on an al-Qaeda in India-South Asia which would free Muslims from the “oppression” in Kashmir and Gujarat.
To a question about very few Indian Muslims being a part of the al-Qaeda, although it exists in neighbouring countries like Pakistan and Afghanistan, Modi said he saw it as a fight between “humanity and inhumanity”.
“I’m not the authority for doing a psychological and religious analysis on this. But the question is whether or not humanity should be defended in the world. Whether or not believers in humanity should unite. This is a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race. So we have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else,” he said.
Asked if India and the US could develop a genuinely strategic alliance, Modi said, “I have a one word answer, and with great confidence I say — yes.
Let me explain — there are many similarities between US and India. If you look at the last few centuries, two things come to light — America has absorbed people from around the world, and there is an Indian in every part of the world. This characterises both the societies. Indians and Americans have co-existence in their natural temperament. Now yes, for sure, there have been ups and downs in our relationship in the last century. But from the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century, we have witnessed a big change. Our ties have deepened. India and the USA are bound together, by history and culture. These ties will deepen further.”
Responding to a question on whether there is a genuine desire from Washington to try and upgrade the relationship with India substantially, he said relations between the two countries should not be seen “within the limits of just Delhi and Washington”. “It is a much larger sphere. The good thing is that the mood of both Delhi and Washington is in harmony with this understanding. Both sides have played a role in this,” he said.
While they welcomed Modi’s statement, Muslim organisations wondered whether this would be sufficient to stop BJP leaders from making hate speeches against the community.
“This is a very good statement he has made and it should be appreciated without any reservations. There should not be any politics in that,” said Jamiat Ulema-i-Hind general secretary Mahmood Madani.
“We welcome PM Modi’s statement that Indian Muslims will never support a terrorist organiation like al-Qaeda. We are happy that he has read the Muslim community’s mood and resolve correctly,” said Zafarul Islam Khan, president of the All India Muslim Majlis-e-Mushawrat.

Stocks rally as Scotland stays in UKS&P 500 retreats from record high
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17efbb1a-3f9e-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex Turns Flat  IT Stocks GainYou are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Rise Amid Broad Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 19, 2014 11:14 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
BSE Sensex and Nifty gained some traction in noon trade with the indices rising nearly 0.5 per cent. Gains in Indian markets tracked higher Asian markets which were boosted after the Scottish independence vote indicated Scotland would remain in the United Kingdom.
Market expert Rajat Bose is cautious, saying that Nifty faces resistance at its all-time high level of 8,180 levels. Though the sentiment is strong, weekly technical indicators show some weakness, he added.
In currency trade, the rupee also edged higher to 60.77/dollar against its previous close of 60.83.
The Sensex was up 106 points to 27,218 while Nifty rose 38 points to 8,153. The buying activity was stronger in broader markets with BSE midcap and smallcap indices rising nearly 1 per cent.
Among frontline stocks, strong buying was seen in IT stocks, with HCL Tech, TCS and Tech Mahindra rising between 2.5 per cent and 4 per cent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added 0.2 per cent, also supported by cheer on Wall Street, where both the benchmark S&P 500 and the Dow Jones industrial average set intraday record highs. Sentiment was also underpinned by news that Alibaba Group Holding priced its IPO at $68 a share, the top end of the expected range, raising $21.8 billion on Thursday in one of the largest-ever stock offerings.
(With Agency Inputs)

JK facing shortage of 12 lakh measles vaccines:OmarOmar said that against a promised 50 lakh chlorine tablets, the state had received only 10 lakh tablets so far from the Centre. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:55 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 2:59 pm
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Friday said while the Centre has been very helpful in dealing with floods, the state is facing a shortage of nearly 12 lakh measles vaccines, which they will now purchase from the open market.
“We need to vaccinate 13 lakh children in the age group of 0-15 years so that we do not have measles epidemic. We have only received one lakh vaccines from the Centre. I have now told my department not to wait for this for Government of India and procure vaccine from the market,” Omar said.
He said the Centre has been helpful and “in some respects their own channels have been inundated by the floods in the scale of what is required. Therefore, supplies are not as quickly available to us as we would have liked.”
Omar said money has been put in the Chief Minister’s Relief Fund, which was set up after the devastating floods.
“As of yesterday, about Rs 55 crore were deposited in the CM Relief fund, most of it from seven or eight states. Largest individual contribution, I am grateful to him, has been from (UP Chief Minister) Akhilesh Yadav. Other states have given Rs 5 crore etc. I have money which I am going to purchase vaccines and chlorine tablets,” he said.
Against a promised 50 lakh chlorine tablets, the state had received only 10 lakh tablets so far from the Centre, Omar said, adding, “We will try, whatever is to be procured, to procure it from open market.”
The Chief Minister said according to conservative estimates, the damage to equipment in the ground floors of various state hospitals which were affected by the floods is to the tune of Rs 150 crore.
“All our diagnostic and laboratory equipment that has been mostly in the ground floor and even at first floor has been damaged. A conservative estimate of the Health Department is that hospital equipment worth Rs 150 crore has been destroyed.
“Obviously, this can’t be replaced overnight. But in our memorandum which we are going to submit to the Government of India, this is going to be part of it so that we can immediately procure new equipment so that we make these hospital fully functional,” he said.
Omar said he has put money at the disposal of Medical Superintendents of various hospitals in the state for purchase of life saving drugs.
“I have put the money at the disposal of Superintendents of Hospitals–Rs 5 lakh for district hospitals, Rs 10 lakh for city hospitals and Rs 15 lakh for SKIMS hospital– so that they can make purchases themselves, so they should not be short of anything,” he added.
Omar said there continued…

JK facing shortage of 12 lakh measles vaccines: OmarOmar said that against a promised 50 lakh chlorine tablets, the state had received only 10 lakh tablets so far from the Centre. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:55 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 2:59 pm
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Friday said while the Centre has been very helpful in dealing with floods, the state is facing a shortage of nearly 12 lakh measles vaccines, which they will now purchase from the open market.
“We need to vaccinate 13 lakh children in the age group of 0-15 years so that we do not have measles epidemic. We have only received one lakh vaccines from the Centre. I have now told my department not to wait for this for Government of India and procure vaccine from the market,” Omar said.
He said the Centre has been helpful and “in some respects their own channels have been inundated by the floods in the scale of what is required. Therefore, supplies are not as quickly available to us as we would have liked.”
Omar said money has been put in the Chief Minister’s Relief Fund, which was set up after the devastating floods.
“As of yesterday, about Rs 55 crore were deposited in the CM Relief fund, most of it from seven or eight states. Largest individual contribution, I am grateful to him, has been from (UP Chief Minister) Akhilesh Yadav. Other states have given Rs 5 crore etc. I have money which I am going to purchase vaccines and chlorine tablets,” he said.
Against a promised 50 lakh chlorine tablets, the state had received only 10 lakh tablets so far from the Centre, Omar said, adding, “We will try, whatever is to be procured, to procure it from open market.”
The Chief Minister said according to conservative estimates, the damage to equipment in the ground floors of various state hospitals which were affected by the floods is to the tune of Rs 150 crore.
“All our diagnostic and laboratory equipment that has been mostly in the ground floor and even at first floor has been damaged. A conservative estimate of the Health Department is that hospital equipment worth Rs 150 crore has been destroyed.
“Obviously, this can’t be replaced overnight. But in our memorandum which we are going to submit to the Government of India, this is going to be part of it so that we can immediately procure new equipment so that we make these hospital fully functional,” he said.
Omar said he has put money at the disposal of Medical Superintendents of various hospitals in the state for purchase of life saving drugs.
“I have put the money at the disposal of Superintendents of Hospitals–Rs 5 lakh for district hospitals, Rs 10 lakh for city hospitals and Rs 15 lakh for SKIMS hospital– so that they can make purchases themselves, so they should not be short of anything,” he added.
Omar said there continued…

Markets @ 3: 20 stocks top experts are betting onYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex rangebound; here's what experts are betting on
ET Now Sep 19, 2014, 11.42AM IST
Tags:
ashish
(Nifty index rallied over…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 135 points in trade in Friday, led by gains in TCS, Infosys, Reliance, Sun Pharma and Wipro .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index rallied over 40 points to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8150, supported by gains in pharma, power, realty, capital goods and IT stocks.
At 3:06 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,110.48, down 1.73 points.
The Nifty was at 8,127.20, up 12.45 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Tata Consultancy Services Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2800 and a stop loss of Rs 2650
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1720 and a stop loss of Rs 1650
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2840 and a stop loss of Rs 2600
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2440
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 145 and a stop loss of Rs 137
Tata Elxsi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 750 and a stop loss of Rs 635
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 320 and a stop loss of Rs 297
CNX IT is a 'BUY' call with a target of 11450 and a stop loss of 11140
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2525 and a stop loss of Rs 2460
Dabur India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 236 and a stop loss of Rs 222
Grasim Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3790 and a stop loss of Rs 3620
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 355 and a stop loss of Rs 343
Force Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1070 and a stop loss of Rs 975
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 141 and a stop loss of Rs 137
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
Escorts Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 165 and a stop loss of Rs 158
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 154 and a stop loss of Rs 147
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2450
Ashish Chaturmohta, Head Technical & Derivatives Desk Research, Fortune Equity Brokers (India) Ltd
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2440
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3850 and a stop loss of Rs 3680
Arvind Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 350
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

JSW Steel to foray in European market: Sajjan Jindal1:00 pm
JSW Steel  looks at foraying into the European market by looking at acquiring other steel assets there, says Sajjan Jindal, company Chairman and MD adding that they are eyeing good opportunities that fit into their policies and systems.
The company awaits Italian government’s reply on Lucchini after sending its final binding bid. “We have given a final binding bid to the government of Italy so we are awaiting their response, they have to go to their committees and all and then it will conclude”, says Jindal in an interview with CNBC-TV18.
Further, the steel player has applied for CCI’s approval to acquire Welspun Maxsteel, he adds.
JSW Steel stock price
On November 21, 2014, JSW Steel closed at Rs 1189.10, down Rs 20.05, or 1.66 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1365.35 and the 52-week low was Rs 805.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 124.82 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 9.53. The latest book value of the company is Rs 970.48 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.23.
RELATED NEWS

Mid India Industries: Outcome of AGMSep 19, 2014, 03.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mid India Industries: Outcome of AGM
Mid India Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 19, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mid India Industries: Outcome of AGM
Mid India Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 19, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Mid India Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 19, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Hold Sun Pharma; may test Rs 855-860: Akshata Deshmukh02:00 pm
Akshata Deshmukh of Networth Stock Broking told CNBC-TV18, " Sun Pharmaceutical Industries is a very high quality company. So makes sense in holding these kinds of stories for at least some time. Sun Pharma along with Ranbaxy Laboratories  and Cipla  are showing quite a lot of strength. So Rs 787 is where the short-term support lies for the stock and I would expect a bounce back till about Rs 855-860. So ideal recommendation would be to hold on for six months where we are seeing decent appreciation of further 15-20 percent."
At 14:55 hrs Sun Pharmaceutical Industries was quoting at Rs 806.85, up Rs 1.65, or 0.20 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 877.40 and 52-week low Rs 553.70 on 03 September, 2014 and 18 September, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Escorts on dips  advises Kunal BothraLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Escorts on dips, advises Kunal Bothra
Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP recommends buying Escorts on dips as the stock may test Rs 160-170.
Post your opinion here
01:30 pm
Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP told CNBC-TV18, "It is the third very strong week for  Escorts . I think over the last three weeks it has risen around 40-42 odd percent and that is good to show the kind of movement the stock is facing. The volumes over the last three weeks have been above the last six or eight months of average weekly volumes, so that is also a very good sign."
"I believe, from a short term or medium term basis as well, the stock at least gives an indication that even if there is a correction of 5-10 percent that could be a good level to enter into Escorts. From a short term basis I have given a target of Rs 160-170. But I still believe that this stock holds a lot of potential and probably buy on dips is what we are advising to our clients as well," he said.
Disclosure: Analyst has no personal holdings in the stock but it is possible that he may have recommended the same to his clients at LKP.
RELATED NEWS

This Estate Agent Was Sacked For An Intensely Embarrassing Reason...Estate Agent Sacked After Client Films Him Stealing A Chocolate Bar From His House
Huffington Post UK
reddit
An estate agent has been sacked after he was caught on camera pinching a chocolate bar from a tenant’s property.
The man was filmed nicking the family-sized Galaxy bar as he showed prospective renters around a property in Walthamstow on behalf of Your Move.
Home owner Jon Charter told The Evening Standard: “I was testing the cameras out that I had bought for my new house and happened to check them when I was at work.
The Your Move estate agent was secretly filmed by the home owner
“I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. I know it is only a chocolate bar, but it is the principle – it breaks all the trust. It is outrageous.
“Estate agents are not the most popular of people at the best of times but you’d never expect something like this.”
Charter told the newspaper the man, named only as George, initially tried to laugh off the incident, but then sent a series of pleading text messages claiming he suffered from fainting and dizziness and begging him not to “take it further”.
All seems normal as he has a look around the property... Scroll down to see what happens next...
However his protestations fell on deaf ears and an unimpressed Charter informed his boss, who fired him.
A spokesman for Your Move confirmed to the Huffington Post UK that George – a franchisee of the company – was dismissed over the incident, which occurred on Friday.
Manish Somani, director of Your Move Sterling & Co. told HuffPost UK via email: “We take pride in the provisions of our services and we are very serious the protection of our reputation and brand.
"Therefore as soon as we were made aware of this incident action was taken and the employee is no longer working for us.
"We have also apologised to both the tenant and landlord for this unfortunate incident. The landlord has fully accepted this apology and the tenant has accepted a payment as a goodwill gesture for both the chocolate bar and any inconvenience caused.”
Suddenly something catches his eye!
Evening Standard

Depressed Woman Kills Herself By Jumping Into Pit Of CrocodilesDepressed Woman Kills Herself By Jumping Into Pit Of Crocodiles
Huffington Post UK
reddit
Police say an elderly woman killed herself by jumping into a pit of crocodiles at a zoo in Thailand.
Witnesses said the 65-year-old took off her shoes before dropping into a pit containing up to 1,000 reptiles at Bangkok's Samut Prakarn Crocodile Farm & Zoo.
Police were unable to identify Wanpen Inyai until they spotted her healthcare card floating in the water a day after the incident on Friday, the Bangkok Post reports.
An image of Wanpen Inyai being approached by a crocodile before she died
The newspaper cites Police Constable Preecha Iamnui as stating that when he arrived at the scene he saw farm owners and staff trying to use long sticks to ward off dozens of crocodiles tearing at Inyai’s body, “but by then it was too late.”
Another women killed herself in the same way at the farm in 2002, the BBC writes , adding a further suicide reportedly took place a decade before that.
The Samut Prakarn Crocodile Farm & Zoo boasts it has more than 100,000 of the reptiles
Farm owner Uthen Youngprapakorn spoke on radio station Jor Sor 100 that the farm had installed additional fences and security measures along its walkways since the incident.
If you've been affected by the issues in this article, please call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90.
More:

Notion Ink makes a comeback with cheapest Intel-based 2-in-1 PC at Rs 19 990The device comes with preloaded business apps like Office with free one-year subscription and Outlook as well as a wireless keyboard and mouse combo.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 18, 2014 2:00 pm | Updated: September 22, 2014 1:15 pm
Intel started 2014 by calling it the Year of the Tablet. Over halfway through the year, the real meaning of that statement is becoming more obvious. In the latest in a series of tablet launches carrying the Intel branding, the chipmaker has tied up with Bangalore-based Notion Ink and e-tailer to launch Cain, the most affordable 2-in-1 computer in the Indian market.
Priced at Rs 19,990, the device will be powered by Intel Atom Processor Z3735D and running Windows 8.1. It will also have a large 7900 mAh lithium polymer battery to power the 10.1-inch 1280×800 IPS LCD display. The device will also have 2GB RAM and 32GB internal memory.
Speaking to indianexpress.com, Tony Navin, Senior Vice President – Electronics & Home, Snapdeal.com said the device would appeal to both business users who are looking for mobility and portability as well as students who want good computing capability along with an entertainment quotient.
The device comes with preloaded business apps like Office with free one-year subscription and Outlook as well as a wireless keyboard and mouse combo. Plus, Airtel is offering free data of 500MB for six months for those buying the device.
Sandeep Aurora, Director Marketing and Market Development, Intel South Asia said it was finally coming to a time were good devices were coming at an affordable price point. “Products like this instill confidence in the buyers,” he said, adding that with price points points coming down there will be more good devices across different price points. Incidentally, the price of Windows 8 2-in-1s have come down by almost 75 per cent in the past year or so.
While the name might not ring a bell for lot of people, Notion Ink was in the thick of the news a few years back when it launched its Adam tablets to take on the iPad. However, the devices had production issues and did not become a mass success.
In a release, Rohan Shravan Founding CEO Notion Ink said the Notion Ink Design Labs believes in thoroughly studying and understanding user experience and developing a solution for it. “The Cain 2- in-1 is a result of the same philosophy and delivers a unique value proposition of rolling two devices into one sleek form factor without compromising user experience,” he said in a release.
Cain will be available exclusively on snapdeal.com at Rs 19,990.

Reliance Jio inks tower sharing deal with GTL InfraReliance Jio signs tower sharing deal with GTL Infra
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 18:09 IST
Reliance Jio Infocomm (RJIL), the telecom arm of Reliance Industries , on Thursday signed a master services agreement for tower sharing with GTL Infrastructure which has a base of 27,800 towers across the country.
RJIL holds pan-India broadband wireless access (BWA) spectrum and is planning to launch commercial 4G telecom services in 2015.
"GTL Infra, together with Chennai Network Infrastructure Limited (CNIL), has a combined tower portfolio of more than 27,800 towers spread across 22 telecom circles in India", the company said in a statement.
RJIL had also signed agreement with Viom Networks for its 42,000 towers, Reliance Communications for its 45,000 towers, ATC India for its 11,000 towers, Tower Vision for its 8,400 towers, Ascend Telecom for its over 4,500 towers.
The company had also signed a infrastructure sharing deal with Bharti Airtel to share infrastructure created by both parties to avoid duplication of infrastructure wherever possible.
"Our mission is to launch a pan India next-generation voice and data services. We will build the same through a judicious combination of own build and rented infrastructure," RJIL Managing Director Sanjay Mashruwala said.
Reliance Industries had earlier said that RJio will initially cover about 5,000 towns and cities accounting for over 90 per cent of urban India, as well as over 215,000 villages in India and the target is to expand this to over 600,000 villages.
"The launch of 4G networks and the rise in the consumption of data services is a growth driver for tower companies, and we at GTL Infra are geared up to capture the opportunity," Global Group Group CEO Charudatta Naik said.
Global Group is a infrastructure services group focused on telecom, shared network infrastructure and power. The Group has two companies-GTL Limited and GTL Infrastructure Limited.

Survey in Scotland predicts narrow victory for united UKVoters had a simple "Yes" or "No" choice to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?" (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 18, 2014 6:37 pm | Updated: September 18, 2014 6:42 pm
Britain’s more than 300-year-old union with Scotland may survive Thursday’s historical referendum by a narrow margin, a new survey showed.
Supporters of a united UK were maintaining a narrow but steady lead of four points; 52 per cent to 48 per cent, over the supporters of Scottish independence, YouGov’s final pre-election survey for The Times and Sun newspaper showed.
However, the race was still too tight for YouGov’s analysts to be confident in calling it.
Instead, the polling company only predicted an 80 per cent probability that the UK will hold together – giving a breakaway Scotland a 20 per cent chance.
Voters have a simple “Yes” or “No” choice to the question: “Should Scotland be an independent country?”
Whatever the result, British politics is set to change forever after the referendum.
In the short-term, British Prime Minister David Cameron would have most to lose if Scotland votes to leave the UK.
Some Conservative MPs believe he could even lose his job, according to The Independent.
Though, a “Yes” verdict may prove disastrous for the UK’s Labour Party, which currently holds 41 of Scotland’s 59 constituencies –- which would no longer send MPs to Westminster after “independence day”, which is due to happen in March 2016 on Scotland’s First Minister Alex Salmond’s timetable.
Politicians on both sides of the divide have risked their careers and thrown their weight behind ‘Yes’ or the ‘No’ campaign.
Meanwhile, voting in Scotland was in full swing on Thursday and people have been queueing up since morning to register their vote in the historic referendum.
Nearly 97 per cent of the electorate, adding up to 4,285,323 people, have registered to vote at 2,608 polling places across the country until 22:00 (local time) on Thursday.
Once the polls have closed, ballot papers will be counted in each of Scotland’s 32 local authority areas.
These will include votes cast from the 789,024 postal vote applications, which was the largest volume of registration for postal votes ever in Scotland, according to the BBC.
Results are expected early on Friday morning.

It s Raining Bonanza for Indian FlyersIndian E-commerce Market to Hit $15 Billion in 2 Years: Google
New Delhi: It's raining bonanza for domestic and international air travellers, with several Indian and foreign carriers offering flash sales and discounts to attract the growing number of Indian flyers.
The latest in the list is British Airways which announced a flash one-day sale today, offering massive discount of up to 90 per cent on return tickets between Mumbai and London to commemorate nine decades of its India operations.
Under the offer, the lowest-priced Mumbai-London return ticket would start at Rs 40,252 for economy travel in the month of October this year, the airline said in a statement.
The flash sale came weeks after the prominent British carrier came out with a discount offer of up to 50 per cent on flights from India to select destinations in the UK, the USA, Europe, Latin America and the Caribbean. This offer is valid for sale till September 30.
Earlier this week, Qatar Airways and Singaporean budget carrier Tigerair had also announced massive limited-period discounts hoping to corner a share of the Indian travel market.
While Tigerair offered a special one-way base fare of Rs 10 only to Singapore for Indian passengers to commemorate completion of its decade-long operations, Qatar Airways launched a global promotional offer of up to 25 per cent savings on tickets to over 140 destinations across the world.
Almost all Indian airlines like SpiceJet, IndiGo, GoAir, Jet Airways and Air India, have been offering discounted fares on domestic sectors almost on a month-to-month basis.
In a bid to take on competition from full-service airlines like Air India and Tata-SIA's proposed Vistara airline, Jet Airways also announced the launch of full services even on its all-economy subsidiary JetKonnect from December in order to consolidate it into a single-brand.
Full service product with complementary meal service would be provided on all domestic flights from December 1, with the buy-on-board concept being discontinued, a Jet statement said.
Low-priced air tickets offered by the Indian airlines seem to have had an effect, with the number of passengers flown by them in August growing by more than 8.3 per cent compared to July this year, official data has shown
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 19:01 (IST)

Xi visit: why is industry deafeningly silentAbsence of joint business session cited as a reason
New Delhi, September 18:  
Industry chambers have remained conspicuously quiet during and about Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit.
Industry bodies such as Confederation of Indian Industry (CII), Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) and Assocham are usually very vocal about their views and expectations during visits of foreign heads of state.
According to the people in the know, one reason could be that the Chinese President has not addressed a joint business session.
“Typically, all heads of state meet and address industry chambers in a joint business session. There was nothing of that sort this time,” the person told BusinessLine.
Industry bodies have also taken an anti-China stance in their studies and reports in the past.
China threat
For example, while seeking a higher import duty on steel products last year, Assocham had said, “The oversupply in international markets is forcing China and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) to dump their steel products like hot rolled coils, cold rolled coils and other coated products into growing markets like India.”
CII’s Secretary-General Chandrajit Banerjee said earlier this week that India’s economic engagement with China was unsustainable and needs restructuring.
He had elaborated that Xi’s visit had the potential to redefine the relationship with India but pointed to the low level of Chinese investments at only $410 million.
In fact, the only industry event that took place in Delhi was signing of memorandum of understandings for 24 contracts worth $3.43 billion between Indian and Chinese companies across sectors like aircraft leasing and financing, telecom, chemicals, wind power component, cotton yarn and fabric, synthetic fibre and seafood.
The agreement was signed on Wednesday.  
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

As manhunt continues  funeral service held for Pennsylvania state trooper killed in ambushBy Mark Berman September 18 Follow @markberman
Tiffany Dickson places a rose on the casket of her  husband, Cpl. Bryon Dickson, on Thursday. (Butch Comegys/Scranton Times & Tribune via AP)
Hundreds of mourners gathered in Scranton on Thursday to honor Cpl. Bryon Dickson, the Pennsylvania state trooper shot and killed last week in an ambush that set off a large police manhunt .
Even as police officers from across the country  were arriving for Dickson’s funeral, authorities continued to search for Eric Frein, 31, who has been charged with killing Dickson and seriously injuring Alex Douglass, 31, another trooper. The Pennsylvania State Police said that they were shot without warning as Dickson was leaving the barracks in Blooming Grove and Douglass was arriving.
Pennsylvania State Police Cpl. Byron Dickson. (Pennsylvania State Police via AP)
Frein has also been federally charged with an unlawful flight to avoid prosecution. He has been added to the FBI’s list of the 10 most wanted fugitives, Edward J. Hanko, special agent in charge of the FBI’s Philadelphia division, announced Thursday.
The FBI is offering a reward of up to $100,000 for information that leads to Frein’s arrest. (A group called the Pennsylvania Crime Stoppers has also offered a $75,000 reward .)
“When law enforcement officers are violently targeted, we take it seriously—and personally,” Hanko said in a statement.
A photo of Eric Matthew Frein (Pennsylvania State Police via AP)
Schools in the area remained closed as the search for Frein , which has involved hundreds of police officers scouring the area since the shooting Friday, stretched into its seventh day. On Tuesday, authorities identified Frein and described him as an “armed and extremely dangerous” man who had said he wanted to kill police officers and other people. Frank Noonan, commissioner of the Pennsylvania State Police, also said he was a highly-trained survivalist.
Police say that they were able to identify Frein after a Jeep was found partially submerged in a pond near the barracks on Monday. Inside the Jeep, they said they found shell casings that matched those found near the barracks along with Frein’s driver’s license, Social Security card and empty rifle casings, among other things.
The FBI has reported that Frein has connections across the mid-Atlantic region, including some in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and New York. But police said in a news conference after Dickson’s funeral that they believe Frein remains in the area, the Associated Press reported.
The long, ‘Thin Blue Line’ at murdered State Trooper Bryon Dickson’s funeral in Scranton, Pa. @PennLive pic.twitter.com/9uwwlBAbmL
— Mark Pynes (@MarkPynes) September 18, 2014
Multiple schools in the region around the barracks were closed due to the search . The Pocono Mountain School District said its 10 schools would remain closed for a second day on Thursday “due to ongoing safety concerns for all of our students with an armed and dangerous man still on the loose in the area.”
The Wallenpaupack Area School District also closed its schools for a second day as a precautionary measure, Michael Silsby, the superintendent, said in a message posted on the district’s Web site.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Lotus to cut one-quarter of workforceLotus to cut workforce by more than a quarter
By Gill Plimmer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/00758d68-3f51-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

14 Ways To Know You re A Cambridge Student14 Ways To Know You're A Cambridge Student
The Huffington Post UK  | By Jack May
reddit
The University of Cambridge is supposed to be one of the most prestigious Universities in the world. After all, the most recent rankings put it in second place worldwide.
Even if you have passed the notoriously tough criteria and got in, then you may think the offer letter and the A-level grades make you a Cambridge student - but you'd be wrong.
There's only one way to know for sure whether you are a real Cambridge student: read our list and see if you're up to the challenge of the Bridge; the Bubble; the Camalam; the Big C (we could go on).
1
The idea of walking more than 10 minutes to get anywhere horrifies you.
Andrew Holt via Getty Images
You look on with fearful eyes as your friends say that their house is 'only' a 30-minute walk away from their University. In the Bridge, if it's more than 10 minutes away it's probably not worth the fuss (unless you've got Girton thighs to make the cycling easier).
2
You have to stop yourself from Instagramming everything.
Jack May
But just look at it. It's all so pretty. I can't really cope. Maybe if I just #nofilte- no. Stop. It's too much.
3
Debating social justice in black tie makes perfect sense.
Cambridge Union Society
Home of brilliant debates, world-famous speakers, intellectual flair, and an enviable list of alumni, the Cambridge Union Society may be the University's biggest society, but still hasn't got its head around the fact that debating poverty, inequality, and social justice in a wood-paneled room with black bow ties and sparkly dresses on might not be the most logical of approaches.
4
You can't go anywhere without seeing at least 5 people you know.
Chris Radburn/PA Archive
Woe betide you be feeling unfriendly as you walk down this street.
5
You spend at least half your time desperately trying to check your privilege.
Chris Radburn/PA Wire
"So even though I am white, cisgender, and attend an elite University, I'm gay, I went to a state school, and my black tie is pre-tied. That's got to count for something, right?"
6
Sainsbury's.
Chris Radburn/PA Archive
Just look at it. Isn't it beautiful? Look at the curves on that apostrophe. Phwoar. Also known as: Mecca. Paradise. The Land of Milk and Honey. Sangri-La. The Social Hub. Land of Hope and Glory.
7
The National Media come and watch you drink in a field of a Sunday afternoon.
Morwenna Jones
Apparently international, multimillion-pound, print media mega-giants have nothing better to do than stand around in said field waiting for us to do something stupid. There's nothing us 'wealthy scions' enjoy more than being watched constantly by men with cameras waiting for the perfect snap...
8
The clubs are about as exciting as school discos used to be.
syntika via Getty Images
This is a live snapshot of Life on Sundays. (Don't forget your glowsticks, kids.)
9
"What do you mean my set doesn't have a coffee table?"
Halfdark via Getty Images
"Seriously though. How do you expect me to prepare for my one-on-one supervisions with world-leading academics in my private Tudor living room with connecting hallway leading to dual aspect bedroom with feature fireplace if I don't have a table to put my gourmet Whittard coffee on? Who do you think I am?"
10
You wear a 'magic cape' for dinner.
Gonville & Caius Students' Union
Genuine dinner conversation at formal one night with an Australian visitor next to me: "I love the magic capes you all wear to dinner. Can I get one?"
11
When it comes to essay night, your best friend will always be coffee.
alexis84 via Getty Images
Rumour has it that if you inhale ground coffee beans through your nose, your essay writes itself.
12
You're convinced you should start charging tourists to take photos of you.
Robert Ellis via Getty Images
"You want me to do what with my bike?" £5 a photo would take you to Pitt Club status in months.
13
You weren't even surprised when Horse Racing became a Varsity sport.
Peter Dench via Getty Images
Next up, polo: coming to a ridiculous University near you.
14

BJP president Amit Shah vows Shivaji era in MaharashtraE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

US nominates Indian American as ambassador t...US nominates Indian American, Richard Rahul Verma, as ambassador to India
Sep 19, 2014, 10.30AM IST
Tags:
(President Barack Obama…)
Seema Sirohi
WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama has nominated Richard Rahul Verma, an Indian American lawyer with extensive connections to the Democratic Party establishment, as the new ambassador to India just in time for Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit.
Verma, a definite policy wonk, knows his Iran sanctions from the intricacies of the START treaty. His supporters say he can push the India-US agenda effectively given that the two countries are now in a phase which requires overcoming bureaucratic and legal hurdles to write 100-page business contracts.
Those who know Verma say he is the right person at the right time - he can do the hard work of calling the many agencies of the US government to make things happen. He has the right connections.
Policy wonks in New Delhi will likely say -- let's see and proof of the pudding is in the eating. And rightly so. He inherits a difficult legacy, one marred by the unnecessary episode involving Devyani Khobragade, which could have been handled better by former US ambassador Nancy Powell.
Verma would be the first Indian American to serve in the important position, held by such luminaries as Daniel Patrick Moynihan, Chestor Bowls and more recently Robert Blackwill. He could also find a place in history if he can swing the relationship upwards by focusing White House attention on India in the midst of a myriad world crises.
The India docket is pretty much in the hands of Indian Americans with Nisha Biswal as assistant secretary of State for South and Central Asia and her deputy, Atul Keshup. Another key position is held by Arun Kumar, the Commerce Department's assistant secretary for global markets. Several others are spread throughout the Obama Administration.
Republican critics contend that Obama is trying to please the Indian American community for votes but so far his appointments have proved able to the task.
If Verma succeeds in his mandate, both the Indian American community and India would be proud of this risky and audacious announcement. Risky because Verma would face a country that may feel familiar but in reality is maddeningly different and audacious because Obama has chosen to give an Indian American the difficult task of fixing relations with India.
A low-key Washington insider, Verma is known more for accomplishing his task than talking big - a favourite Washington pastime. How close he is to the president personally is unclear but he is supposed to have briefed Obama when he was a senator on the intricacies of the START treaty, an arcane subject, if there ever was one.
  What is unquestioned is Verma's entrenchment in the Democratic Party set up. He served as senior foreign policy and national security adviser from 2002-07 to Senator Harry Reid, the majority leader.
He was a part of the Obama transition team and then served as assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs fighting former secretary of state Hillary Clinton's budgetary battles on Capitol Hill. He handled more than 200 Senate confirmations and the hope is that he can manage his own on fast track given the bipartisan support for India on Capitol Hill.
A key player in Verma's nomination is believed to be Denis Mcdonough, the White House chief of staff. The two worked together as senior Senate staffers.
Verma is also a decorated US Air Force officer, earning two medals for meritorious service. His parents came to the United States in the 1960s and his father taught for four decades at the University of Pittsburgh.
Verma currently he is as a senior counselor at two firms -- Steptoe & Johnson and Albright Stonebridge Group. The latter is led by Madeleine Albright, who was Bill Clinton's secretary of state. The buzz is that Verma is close to the Clintons as he is to Obama, putting him in a good place should Hillary Clinton run in 2016 and win. He would be on the up and up.
(Sirohi is a Washington-based writer)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mark Zuckerberg wants more students to explore techSep 19, 2014 at 10:53am IST
Mark Zuckerberg wants more students to explore tech
7
0
Redwood City: Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg wants to turn more American high school students into well-paid techies - and even hire some of them to work at his social-media company.
Zuckerberg told students Thursday at Redwood City's Sequoia High School that understanding technology and computers will be critical to having options later in life.
Facebook says it is donating 50 laptops and creating a class to teach mobile-application development at Sequoia High, a short drive from Facebook's Menlo Park headquarters.
The Facebook CEO told school students that understanding technology and computers will be critical to having options later in life.
#mark zuckerberg #facebook #careers #technology
Zuckerberg's appearance is part of Facebook's campaign to encourage more young people to pursue careers in science, technology, engineering and math.
Silicon Valley companies have recently come under criticism for workforces that are mostly young, male, white and Asian.
4

iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus review: The new Apple iPhones eliminate screen size as a reason to avoid iPhones1
New York: It's easy to dismiss Apple's new iPhones as merely catching up to Android.
After all, phones running Google's Android system long have had larger screens. In addition, many Android phones already have the wireless chips that iPhones are getting for making credit card payments without pulling out a card at retail stores.
But the new iPhones are a big deal for one simple reason: Only Apple has the advantage of building both the hardware and the software, so iPhones are easier to use and more dependable.
Only Apple has the advantage of building both the hardware and the software, so iPhones are easier to use and more dependable.
#apple #apple iphone #iphone 6 #iphone 6 plus
There are many flavours of Android out there, and some phones won't run the latest apps or work with accessories such as smartwatches. In addition, many leading apps come to the iPhone first or have features exclusive to iPhones.
There are still reasons to go with Android. Samsung's flagship phones are still slightly larger than the new iPhones, for instance. Their cameras have higher megapixel counts - though that's just one factor in what makes a good photo.
What the new iPhones do is eliminate screen size as a reason to avoid iPhones.
The question, then, becomes: Which one?
Size considerations
The iPhone 5, 5s and 5c have screens measuring 4 inches diagonally. The iPhone 6 boosts that to 4.7 inches, while the iPhone 6 Plus is at 5.5 inches. Yet the new phones are thinner than the smaller models.
Apple gets rid of glass in the back in favour of an all-aluminum body with curved edges. The new iPhones don't feel as boxy as previous models.
And the new phones make good use of the larger screens. Those with poorer eyesight can choose a "zoom" option so that everything gets blown up to fill the extra space, just like larger Android phones. Otherwise, you can fit in more content, including an extra row of icons on the home screen.
The iPhone 6 Plus also allows apps to rearrange their layout in horizontal mode. Content appears in two columns, so you're not switching back and forth as much. The drawback: The Plus is huge for those who don't regularly carry a backpack or purse.
I personally find past iPhones easier to carry and fit in the pocket, especially when I go out running. Apple will still make last year's 5s and 5c available, at reduced prices. The 5c is essentially 2-year-old technology, so the 5s is the better option.
New features
The 5s doesn't have the new iPhones' faster processors, but speed should be adequate for the next year or two. But here's what you'll miss, besides the bigger screen:
Only the new phones have the mobile payments technology, so you can start using Apple Pay next month. A new barometer sensor measures elevation, so fitness apps can credit you for climbing stairs and hills.
Where the new phones shine is in the camera. Although the rear cameras stay at 8 megapixels, compared with 16 megapixels in the flagship Samsung phones, performance has improved.
Both phones have new technology for faster and more accurate focus. The Plus model also has a physical image stabilizer to help reduce shake, especially in low-light settings. The iPhone 5s and 6 use software tricks to do that.
I took the iPhone 5s, 6 and 6 Plus, the Samsung Galaxy S5 and Microsoft's Lumia Icon to Central Park to take about 250 photos and 30 videos.
In my limited tests, photos on the new iPhones weren't noticeably better, but that's because the 5s already takes good photos. The Icon takes better shots at night, but its response time is slow and night images sometimes look grainy and distorted. I have found the camera on the 5s to be consistently good, and the new iPhones won't disappoint.
Where improvement is obvious is in some new features:
- There's now a second slow-motion mode - for video at one-fourth the normal speed, rather than just half the speed in the 5s.
- A time-lapse feature lets you combine multiple still shots from the same location over a period of time. Think of those fast-moving videos showing an entire building being constructed in just a minute. I had fun making joggers in Central Park appear to be superhero fast.
- The front camera can now take 10 shots a second in a burst mode, matching what the rear camera can do. You can choose the best shot for selfies. The front camera also lets in more light than before.
The time-lapse and front burst features are part of the new iOS 8 software, so the iPhone 5s get the improvements with a free download. All iOS 8 phones also have an easier way to adjust exposure, in case the sensors don't get it right.
Storage and pricing
It's tempting to get the cheapest models with 16 gigabytes of storage - in the case of the iPhone 6, for $200 with a two-year service contract. But phones fill up quickly with photos, music and apps, and iPhones don't let you add storage.
Fortunately, Apple is doubling the storage for its top two models. So $300 at the contract price gets you 64 gigabytes instead of 32 GB, while $400 gets you 128 GB rather than 64 GB. I recommend getting at least 64 GB.
For the Plus models, add $100 to the price. If you don't want a contract with your carrier, add another $450 for an unlocked version.
305

Scotland votes to stay in United KingdomAlistair Smout and Angus MacSwan     Edinburgh    Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 11:32 IST
Supporters from the 'No' Campaign react to a declaration in their favour, at the Better Together Campaign headquarters in Glasgow, Scotland September 19, 2014.(Photo: Reuters)
Scotland has chosen to stay in the United Kingdom , spurning independence in a historic referendum that had worried allies and investors, results showed on Friday with more than two thirds of the vote declared.
Scotland's final verdict on the union should be clear within two hours. Supporters of the United Kingdom have won 54 per cent of the vote, according to Reuters calculations, and that share could climb.
The independence camp conceded that it had come up short.
"Like thousands of others across the country I've put my heart and soul into this campaign and there is a real sense of disappointment that we've fallen narrowly short of securing a yes vote," Scottish Nationalist Party deputy leader Nicola Sturgeon said.
"It looks as if it's not quite been enough and that's deeply disappointing," Sturgeon told the BBC.
Sterling rose sharply while unionist campaigners clapped, cheered and poured drinks as results were announced. Queen Elizabeth and Prime Minister David Cameron were expected to make statements later.
Though the nationalists won Scotland's biggest city, Glasgow, they failed to meet expectations in a clutch of other constituencies.
The campaign for independence had galvanised this country of 5.3 million but also divided friends and families from the remote Scottish islands of the Atlantic to the tough city estates of Glasgow.
Breaking apart the United Kingdom has worried allies, investors and the entire British elite whose leaders rushed late in the campaign to check what opinion polls showed was a surge in support for independence.
Seeking to tap into a cocktail of historical rivalry, opposing political tastes and a perception that London has mismanaged Scotland, nationalists say Scots, not London, should rule Scotland to build a wealthier and fairer country.
Unionists had warned independence would usher in financial, economic and political uncertainty and diminish the UK's standing in the world. They have warned that Scotland would not keep the pound as part of a formal currency union.
Beyond the money and power, the referendum has provoked deep passions in Scotland , drawn in many voters who ignore traditional political campaigns and underscored what London politicians admit is a need for wider constitutional change.
A UNITED KINGDOM?
Scots were asked to answer "Yes" or "No" to the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?".
Voters lined up at polling stations across Scotland to vote with 4.28 million voters, or 97 per cent of the electorate, registered to vote. Turnout hit a record high.
"It seems to me that we are going to have a 'No' majority in this referendum," Danny Alexander, the Scottish-born Chief Secretary to the Treasury, told Reuters.
"That's great news for Scotland and for the United Kingdom, but also just a start to the serious task to make sure that Scotland gets the additional power that it needs," said Alexander, a Liberal Democrat with a Scottish constituency.
All but two opinion polls - in August 2013 and August 2014 - showed unionists in the lead but a dramatic surge in nationalist support from mid-August prompted Britain to promise more powers to Scotland.
That has angered some English lawmakers in Westminster and British leaders have accepted that even if Scotland votes to keep the union, the United Kingdom's structure will have to change.
Cameron, who acknowledged his unpopularity in Scotland during the campaign, has drawn criticism for both putting the fate of the United Kingdom on the line and then rushing to promise more powers before the vote.
Cameron was largely absent from the campaign, leaving former Prime Minister Gordon Brown to lead the unionist battle cry.
The prospect of breaking up the world's sixth-largest economy and a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, has stoked concern in the United States and Europe.
The United States has made clear it wants the United Kingdom, it main ally in Europe, to remain together.
(Reuters)

Sensex  Nifty extend gains on fund buyingMarket update: Sensex falls over 21 points, Nifty gains over 6 points
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 17:25 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The 30 scrip sensitive index (Sensex) on Friday erased early gains to end 21.79 points down on losses in capital goods, oil & gas, and realty shares but recent gains helped the benchmark log its sixth week of gains, the longest in over two years.
After opening in the positive zone at 27,139.39, the Sensex surged to touch the day's high of 27,247.17 on continued buying by foreign funds and retail investors on positive domestic and global cues.
However, late selling at improved levels wiped off initial gains to close 21.79 points, or 0.08 per cent, down at 27,090.42. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 27,047.68.
The gauge rallied 619.70 points in previous two sessions on the back of rising optimism over trade ties with China and Fed's continued pledge to retain rates at low levels.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex gained 29.37 points as it registered its sixth straight week of rise. The 50-share NSE Nifty index managed to close in positive zone with a marginal gain of 6.70 points, or 0.08 per cent, at 8,121.45 as TCS, Lupin, Maruti Suzuki, Tata Steel, Axis Bank and Cipla stocks gained. The barometer moved between 8,160.90 and 8,105.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Sentiments turned somewhat weak and early gains were pared after participants preferred to book profits in recent gainers at prevailing higher levels, equity brokers said.
Profit-booking in bluechips at current levels, brought Sensex down, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based broker. Overall, 13 constituents of 30-share Sensex like L&T, HeroMoto Corp , Hindustan Unilever, Mahindra and Mahindra, ONGC, SBI, Tata Motors, RIL and BHEL fell while 17 others rose.
Shares of Tata Steel and TCS caught buyers' fancy after Moody's on Thursday upgraded ratings of Tata Group firms.
Sectorally, the BSE Capital Goods index suffered the most by falling 1.89, followed by the Oil & Gas index that fell 1.22 per cent, Realty index 0.81 per cent, Auto index 0.70 per cent, Metal index 0.50 per cent, FMCG index by 0.40 per cent and Power index 0.40 per cent.
Bucking the trend, small-cap and mid-cap indices rose 0.63 and 0.04 per cent. Globally, other Asian markets ended higher and European markets were in better form.
(Reuters)

Fiat and Mitsubishi to build  develop mid-si...Fiat Chrysler signed a memorandum of understanding with Mitsubishi Motors to potentially cooperate in manufacturing & developing mid-sized vehicles.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MILAN: Fiat Chrysler on Friday signed a memorandum of understanding with Mitsubishi Motors
to potentially cooperate in manufacturing and developing a mid-sized pickup truck for Fiat, it said in a statement.
The truck would be based on the next generation L200 model, it said.
The Japanese automaker is also due to supply its made-in-Thailand Attrage sedan to Chrysler for sale in Mexico, an individual knowledgeable about the matter told Reuters.

Apple iPhone 6 Plus teardown reveals Qualcomm  Skyworks chipsSep 19, 2014 at 11:05am IST
Apple iPhone 6 Plus teardown reveals Qualcomm, Skyworks chips
14
2
San Francisco: Apple's iPhone 6 Plus uses chips from Qualcomm, Skyworks Solutions, Avago Technologies and other companies, according to gadget repair firm iFixit, which pried one of the devices open in Melbourne early on Friday.
Apple said it received a record 4 million first-day pre-orders for the new phones, double the number for the iPhone 5 two years ago, underscoring investors' expectations the new handset will maintain the Silicon Valley company's stellar growth.
The company is releasing a 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers worldwide, with sales launching in Australia on Friday morning and then in the United States and other countries.
Gadget repair firm iFixit, which pried one an Apple iPhone 6 Plus open in Melbourne early on Friday.
#ifixit #iphone 6 plus teardown #iphone 6 plus #qualcomm
Like previous iPhones, the iPhone 6 Plus uses a Qualcomm 4G LTE modem, according to iFixit.
Dissembling the device in a Mac repair shop after lining up overnight to buy a phone, iFixit technicians also discovered a Murata wifi module, a Broadcom touchscreen controller, and chips from Skyworks, Avago and TriQuint.
News that a supplier has been chosen - or rejected - for one of Apple's products can sometimes cause drastic swings in stock prices. Apple doesn't disclose which companies make the components that go into its smartphones. It also imposes strict rules forbidding its suppliers from discussing Apple-related business with investors and the media.
Shares of GT Advanced Technologies, a mineral crystal specialist, slumped 13 per cent on September 9 after some investors were surprised the US company's scratch-resistent sapphire glass was not being used on the new iPhones.
The phones launched on Friday are Apple's first to include NFC radio chips used for the new Apple Pay mobile payment platform. The NFC chip in the iPhone 6 Plus comes from NXP Semiconductors, according to iFixit, in line with most investors' expectations.
NXP also supplies a motion co-processor, key to making the iPhone's sensors work without draining its battery, iFixit said.
As in other iPhones, Apple has designed its own main processor with technology licensed from ARM Holdings and in this device it is the A8 chip.
The iPhone 6 Plus opened by iFixit also included a NAND flash memory chip, used for storing music and photos, made by SK Hynix. Apple in the past has depended on multiple companies to supply its memory chips.
Raymond James analysts expects sales of iPhone 6 and larger iPhone 6 Plus to top 9 million in the first weekend.
As well as Apple's stores, AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile US and Verizon Wireless in the United States will start selling the phones on Friday.
198

Tibetans stage protest outside Xi s hotel in New DelhiNew Delhi, September 19, 2014
Updated: September 19, 2014 16:00 IST
Tibetans stage protest outside Xi's hotel in New Delhi
PTI
AP Policemen detain a Tibetan youth activist during a protest outside the Taj Palace hotel where Chinese President Xi Jinping is staying, in New Delhi on Friday.
TOPICS
refugee
Protesters carrying placards that read "Freedom is my birth right", "Freedom of Tibet, Security of India", raised anti-China slogans outside Hotel Taj Palace.
Scores of Tibetans staged a protest this morning outside the Hotel Taj Palace, where Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife are staying.
Protesters carrying placards that read “Freedom is my birth right”, “Freedom of Tibet, Security of India” raised anti—China slogans.
Some Tibetans also tried to enter the premises of the hotel, but police managed to prevent them from doing so.
“As the Tibetans refused to budge, scores of protesters have been detained by the police,” said a senior police officer.
Security has been tightened around the hotel.
A group of Tibetans had on Thursday staged a protest and clashed with police outside Hyderabad House, the venue for the bilateral talks between the Chinese President and Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

ONGC invests Rs 81 890 crore for raising outputYou are here: Home > Collections
ONGC invests Rs 81,890 crore for raising output
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 12.50PM IST
Tags:
Daman
("Our major oil and gas producing…)
NEW DELHI: India's largest oil and gas producer ONGC today said it has invested Rs 81,890 crore in bringing on stream newer discoveries and arrest natural decline that has set in its ageing fields.
"Our major oil and gas producing fields are ageing and showing natural decline," ONGC Chairman and Managing Director Dinesh K Sarraf told shareholders at company's annual general meeting (AGM) here.
However, ONGC has taken measures to arrest this trend and uphold production from such fields, he said.
Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) has deployed the best-in-class technologies in its Improved Oil Recovery (IOR) and Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) schemes on these fields.
"Our efforts have paid off well - with 7.46 million tonnes in FY'14 alone, which is about 33 per cent of ONGC's domestic crude production. Thus, till FY'14, a cumulative incremental gain of 87.41 million tonnes has been achieved," he said, adding a total of Rs 41,316 crore capex has been planned for such interventions across 24 projects, out of which 19 have already been completed.
Stating that ONGC was committed to expeditiously develop its oil and gas reserves, he said out of 15 prospective projects taken up for development, 7 projects are already complete and 8 are under various stages of implementation.
Some of these projects like C-24, B-22 Cluster, SB-14, B-46, BHE & BH-35, North Tapti, C-Series and D-1 are already on stream and producing.
"These projects, with an estimated capital outlay of over Rs 40,573.7 crore, are geared up to produce additional 45.66 million tonnes of crude oil and 67.44 billion cubic meters of natural gas," he said.
Sarraf said ONGC was focused on development of Daman gas fields in western offshore and oil and gas discoveries in KG-DWN-98/2 or KG-D5 block, which sits next to Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 area.
"Development of Daman, a cluster of several discoveries in western offshore, has already been approved by the Board with an investment of Rs 5,219 crore, envisaging peak production of about 8.5 million standard cubic meters per day and start-up of production by July, 2016. All out efforts are also being made to ensure production from KG-DWN-98/2 by 2018," he said.
During 2013-14, 84.99 million tonnes of oil and oil equivalent gas reserves were accreted, the highest in last 23 years.
Also, ONGC achieved a Reserve Replacement Ratio (RRR) of 1.87. This is the 9th consecutive year that your Company has achieved RRR more than one.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Xi Jinping invites PM Modi to visit his hometown Xian in ChinaSep 19, 2014 at 12:34pm IST
Xi Jinping invites PM Modi to visit his hometown Xian in China
30
0
Beijing: Buoyed by his visit to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's home state Gujarat, Chinese President Xi Jinping in a reciprocal gesture invited him to his hometown Xian, where the famous Buddhist monk Hiuen Tsang spent his last years after his return from India some 2,000 years ago.
Xi invited Modi on Wednesday to visit his hometown Xian, the famous tourist town which show cases the Terracotta warriors.
Xi said the seventh-century Chinese monk stayed in India for 16 years to seek Buddhist scriptures.
The Chinese media also highlighted the India-China agreement to strengthen culture and personnel exchanges during Xi's current visit to India.
#xi jinping #jinping india visit #china #xian
"When he came back to China, he stayed in my hometown, Xian, to translate and spread Buddhist thoughts to Chinese people," official media quoted Xi as saying.
According to historical records, Hiuen Tsang, also known as Xuan Zang, started his travels at the age of 28 in 629 AD and recorded his travels in Gujarat, where he describes towns and cities like Bharuch, Malwa, Idar and Valabhi.
Modi earlier said that the monk also stayed in his home town Vadodara.
Xian is the home of Wild Goose Pagoda, built to highlight Xuan's efforts to visit India in 645 AD through the ancient Silk Road and return home after a 17-year long sojourn with precious Buddhist scriptures.
He translated the works into Chinese which helped popularising the Buddhism in China which till date remained the most cherished link between both the countries. The Pagoda was built to highlight his achievement. Vice President Hamid Ansari visited the Pagoda during his visit to China in June this year.
The Chinese media also highlighted the India-China agreement to strengthen culture and personnel exchanges during Xi's current visit to India.
China will help India train 1,500 Chinese-language teachers. China and India will each send 200 youths to visit the other each year. The two nations will also set up culture centres in the other's territory.
Next year will be "Visit India" year in China, and 2016 will be "Visit China" in India.
5

US Senate designates September 30 as  US-India Partnership Day49
0
Washington: The US Senate has unanimously passed a bipartisan resolution designating September 30 as 'US-India Partnership Day' recognising the contribution of the two countries to one another and the relationship that will continue to help define the 21st century.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be at the White House on September 29-30 for talks with President Barack Obama.
Introduced by Senators Mark Warner of Democratic Party and John Cornyn from Republican on September 17, the resolution was passed unanimously moments before the Senate was adjourned last night. The Senate would now reconvene on November 12 after the Congressional elections.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will be at the White House on September 29-30 for talks with President Barack Obama.
#us #us senate #us india partnership day #narendra modi
Warner and Cornyn are Co-Chairmen of the Senate India Caucus - the only country specific caucus in the Senate. It has 42 members.
The resolution resolves that the Senate "designates September 30, 2014 as the 'United States and India Partnership Day' recognising the contribution of the US and India to one another and their relationship that will continue to help define the 21st century" and recognise that the relationship the two countries is "a special and permanent bond".
The 2014 Indian general election was the largest in the Indian history, proving that democracy in India is as strong as it is encompassing of its religious, ethnic, socioeconomic and cultural diversity, the resolution said.
It said President Obama congratulated Modi after his electoral victory and emphasised the "deep bond and commitment to promoting economic opportunity, freedom and security" in India and the US.
The two largest democracies in the world, the US and India, have further developed their governments, businesses, non-profit organisations, non-governmental organisations, artists, entertainers, athletes, scientists, engineers, doctors, nurses, universities, schools, and faiths and the dignity of their citizens by demonstrating the value of an enlightened democratic rule of law, a peaceful government, and freedom from terror, tyranny and oppression, it added.
41

Xi Jinping invites PM Narendra Modi to visit his hometown Xian in ChinaE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Indian Muslims will live and die for India: Modi in interviewAl Qaeda would be delusional to think Indian Muslims will respond to its call to launch a jihad in the region, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said, praising the community’s love of the country.
 
"They are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country," Modi told CNN, which aired excerpts of his pre-recorded interview on Friday.
 
"If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India -- they will not want anything bad for India."
 
It was Modi's first reaction to al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri's announcement this month that the group would set up a new operation to wage jihad in South Asia, which has a large but traditionally moderate Muslim population. A few days later it claimed responsibility for the failed hijacking a Pakistani naval ship.
Read: Congress questions timing of Modi's statement on Indian Muslims
 
There have been relatively few reports of young Indian men leaving to fight Islamist causes abroad. Only recently four young men from Maharashtra were believed to have travelled to Iraq to fight for the Islamic State.
 
Modi said the threat from Islamist extremist groups was "a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race.
 
"We have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else," he added.
 
Modi's comments come amid a debate within his Bharatiya Janata Party about how to deal with religious minorities after an inflammatory by-election campaign drew the ire of rights activists and failed to win over voters.
 
Yogi Adityanath, the party’s star campaigner in the recent by-elections in Uttar Pradesh, has been accused of delivering inflammatory speeches against Muslims.
 
Ahead of a visit to meet US President Barack Obama later this week, Modi said ties between the United States and India, a Cold War ally of the Soviet Union, will continue to improve.
 
"From the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century we have witnessed a big change," Modi said.
 

Aban Offshore plans to raise $500 mn by listing Singapore subsidiaryAban Offshore plans to raise $500 mn by listing Singapore subsidiary
T E Narasimhan | Chennai Sep 19, 2014 01:20 PM IST
Aban Offshore Ltd, India's largest offshore drilling services provider to oil companies, is planning to raise around $500 million by listing its Singapore subsidiary. The fund mobilised would be used to repay part of its debt, which is currently around Rs 14,000 crore. Meanwhile, the company also said it would save around Rs 60-70 crore every year, since it has converted major chunk of its loans into dollar-denominated ones from Rupee.
Speaking to Business Standard on the sidelines of company's annual general meeting here today, Reji Abraham, managing director, Aban Offshore, said: "We are waiting for the market to come up, when we get right opportunity we will list the Singapore subsidiary in the Singapore Stock exchange". Aban Singapore is a 100% subsidiary of Aban Offshore.
He added the other possible option would be looking to raise money through bond issues.
Speaking about debt restructuring programme, he said, interest outflow of the company will come down by around Rs 60-70 crore every year. Instead of the 10-year tenure, as scheduled earlier, the company has restructured the tenure to 15 years. Aban had $2.4-billion term-debt on its books on March 31, 2014, which included foreign currency term-loans raised from a slew of banks as well as bonds.
"Now around 97% of the loan are in US Dollar terms," said Abraham, adding that company opted to refinance the debt for a longer tenure of 15 years, aligning it with the long-term nature of the company's assets.
He further said that the interest rate for rupee-term loan was around 12-13% when compared to around 6% in dollar-term loan.
Unlike last year, the company won't have cashflow problem, said Abraham adding that this industry is capital intensive industry and the business cannot grow without debt. "We have proved this right and it was reflected in the recent QIB, which was a good success," he said. Recently the company raised Rs 750 crore through placement of shares to QIBs
Earlier addressing shareholders company's shareholders P Murari, chairman, Aban Offshore Ltd said that the company expects to report an increase in earnings and better performance and a decline in interest outflow, strengthening the company's ability to ride through various market cycles and reinforce its long-term sustain ability.
Company reported 102.74% growth in profit to Rs 393.06 crore compared to Rs 193.8 crore reported a year ago. Murari attributed this to four factors including better utilisation of rigs. First is that as most of the contracts are in US Dollars and the borrowings are also in US Dollars, the company has ensured that it is not affected by currency fluctuation.
The second factor being refinancing its debt for a long tenure of 15 years, which aligned debt tenures with the long-term nature of the company's assets and reduced considerable stress on the company's repayment capability and projected cash flows.
Third is that the company sustained rate for long-term contracts and fourth factor was the company converted all its loans into Dollar denomination, progressively emerging as a currency-neutral corporate with revenues also in Dollar denomination.
He added, the company graduated from legacy to contemporary rates, moved to other new regions with long-term potential, deployed one more rig in Mexico and reinforced its global positioning, with 80% of its revenues derived from international waters as opposed to a decade ago when the reverse scenario prevailed.
Plans to market other owners' rigs
Aban is also planning to look at getting into bareboat business, whereby the company will market idle rigs owned by others in various parts of the world.
There are lots of rigs are idle in yards across Singapore and China, said Reji Abraham
"Some investors have invested in these rigs, but they are not able to market them. We have the market knowledge now. We will earn a fee for marketing these rights," said Abraham, adding that the company can get about $20,000-30,000 a day.

Fed uncertainty at bay; here are 23 multibagger bets for next 3-5 yearsAnalyst
(The statement came as a relief…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets bounced back smartly after the US Federal Reserve said it would keep interest rates at near-zero levels for "some considerable time".
Reacting to the news yesterday, the S&P BSE Sensex rallied nearly 500 points; but most of the gains registered were on the back of short covering. In fact, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold Rs 9.57 crore in equities, as per provisional data.
The statement came as a relief to investors and traders, who covered their aggressive short positions built ahead of the event, driving the Sensex above 27,000 on Thursday.
But analysts are confident of the fact that the breakout has indeed started a new big up move in the markets and we are firmly on track to hit fresh record highs.
On Thursday, Mark Mobius, Executive Chairman, Templeton EM Group, said in an interview with ET Now that India is now walking on a longer-term bull market and as Modi carries out reforms and becomes more effective in making the changes he would like to make, this will strengthen the capital markets in India.
"India is the second largest of our holdings after China. Thailand is a pie in our Asian funds, but among our global funds, India is right up there along with Brazil," he added. Mobius expects to increase allocations as we go forward.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, helped by a strong support by foreign institutional investors which have already made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market.
Most analysts expect the first US Federal Reserve rate hike not before the second half of 2015. Higher US interest rate or expectation of that will definitely have some impact on emerging markets in the form of capital outflows.
"In 2015, we are entering into a phase where India will be cutting interest rates and the US will be raising them. This has never been the case since India's economic liberalization. This will bring a lot of volatility in Indian markets," said Yogesh Nagaonkar, VP-Institutional Equities, Bonanza Institutional Equities.
"With the Fed raising rates in 2015, there will be a round of sell-off in the EMs, but India would be least effected among them. This is primarily because of India's improving economy & reducing fiscal deficit situation," he added.
With Fed tapering and ending of QE, crude oil prices are coming down which is a positive for India. Along with that GDP has bottomed out and with reduction in interest rates in India, analysts see the markets headed for a massive rally ahead.
India has managed to outperform its emerging markets peers with both the Sensex and the Nifty rallying over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, but the rally is not over yet, says Varun Goel, Head-PMS, Karvy who expects the Sensex to hit 1,00,000 by 2020.
Goel has arrived at a Sensex target of 29,300 based on 16 times FY16 earnings by Diwali and would be a buyer at every dip. He also maintains his year 2020 target of 100,000 on the Sensex.
For FY15, Goel expects a Sensex EPS growth around of 15%. He also expects earnings growth to accelerate once investment activity is revived and average around 20-25 per cent for the next several years.
We have collated a list of 23 multi-bagger ideas from various analysts for a period of next 3-5 years:
 
Dipan Mehta, Member, BSE and NSE
Stocks such as MindTree, Bajaj Auto Finance, Balkrishna Industries, Havells India, SKS Micro Finance, Sintex, Glenmark, Jyothy Lab, Sun Pharma, PTC India, PTC Financial Services, LMW, Bharti Infratel, and Voltas are gems. We are confident that these companies can grow by 15 per cent compounded over the next 3-5 years.
Vikas V Gupta - Executive Vice President at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt Ltd
Current price to book ratio is 2.9 for the Nifty. Further, there is significant mispricing at these valuation levels. So expected returns of the Nifty are high and the chances of beating the Nifty are still higher for a systematic value investing strategy. However, most fund managers are unlikely to achieve that.
Here are a few multi-bagger ideas; HT Media, Balmer Lawrie Investments, Bharat Electronics Ltd, Oil India and Bharat Heavy Electricals.
Yogesh Nagaonkar, VP, Institutional Equities at Bonanza Institutional Equities
Caplin Point: We have released a research report on Caplin Point a few months back. The company is into injectibles and is a major player in the Latin American markets where any other Indian pharma company has not yet entered in a big way. It's a small cap company and has given 300% returns since then. This stock still has huge potential going ahead.
Suven Lifesciences: We also like Suven Lifesciences which is giving 22% ROE since the last 2 years and is poised to grow in a big way in the coming 2-3 years.
TV Today: We have seen exponential PAT growth in TV Today since FY14 and the stock is also poised for a huge leap in the coming years.
Jayant Manglik, President - Retail Distribution at Religare Securities Limited
PTC India: One of the multi bagger idead is PTC India which has a 40% share of the power trading market. It continues to focus on long-term power purchase agreements which will help increase margins. It is also targeting neighbouring countries for cross-border power transfer.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Small & midcaps bets: top 5 stocks that can return up to 26% over the next 6-24 monthsAnalyst
("With GDP bottoming out…)
Market valuations are still not very high as Nifty P/E is at 16, which is substantially lower than its high of 25, and there are good value picks available in the midcap and small cap space. That is why most of our stock picks are in this segment, says Yogesh Nagaonkar, VP, Institutional Equities at Bonanza Institutional Equities , in an exclusive interview with Kshitij Anand of EconomicTimes.com . Excerpts:
Q) With the Fed uncertainty at bay, does it mean that a new bull run has started for the Indian markets? Even if the Fed does raise rates in 2015, will it have a major impact on the Indian markets?
In 2015, we are entering into a phase where India will be cutting interest rates & the US will be raising them. This has never been the case since India's economic liberalization. This will bring a lot of volatility in the Indian markets. With Fed raising rates in 2015, there will be a round of sell-off in the EMs, but India would be least effected among them. This is primarily because of India's improving economy & reducing fiscal deficit situation. With Fed tapering & ending of QE, crude oil prices are coming down which is a positive for India. With GDP bottoming out and reduction in interest rates in India, we are headed for a massive rally ahead.
Q) Despite the infusion of liquidity by the government, the worst is still not over for China. On the other hand, India has managed to revive growth and the manufacturing output. However, CLSA in its recent report said that the Chinese economy will be as big ($21 trillion) as the US economy by 2020. Do you agree?
If you see in the past, China's GDP has grown at a much faster pace than India, but their stock market return is almost flat in the last 12-13 years whereas the Sensex has grown rapidly in the same period. So, as long as India's growth story is intact, China is not a concern for India.
Q) Everybody wants to 'sell high and buy low'. But does that always work for traders or investors? Is there a way of gauging the right time to buy or sell? If not, what should investors keep in mind while using this strategy?
This is a basic query of most investors. Frankly, it is better not to time the market. If one is confident of the company's future growth prospects and there is a gap between its future earnings estimates and its stock price, then one can buy the stock.
Once he/she feels the stock is trading at very high valuations, he/she should exit.
Q) Give us five stock ideas that you are still liking and recommending to your clients?
We like IndusInd Bank , Cadila, Suven Lifesciences, Marico & Mindtree:
IndusInd Bank: Rationale: NIMs expansion on the cards on account of strong CASA, rapid branch breakeven and efficient management of deposit book. Target Price: 670. Time-frame: 6 months.
Cadila: Capturing strong foothold in the US markets with its Mesalamine franchise (USD 1 bn), Duloxetine (USD 5.5 bn market), Niacin (USD 1 bn market) etc. Such product launches enable CDH to ramp up its US revenues by USD 100 mn - USD 105 mn in FY15E. Target Price - INR 1628. Time-frame: 1 year.
Suven Lifesciences: Sustained base enhancement delivering robust revenues and expanding margins mainly on account of royalty supplies from Taro continuing till FY28 and 3 intermediate supplies to commence from FY16E onwards. Target Price: 240. Time-frame: 6 months.
Marico Ltd: Marico is seen high demand and is headed for a faster growth as the GDP improves. Parachute hair oil will gain from conversion of loose oil to branded hair oil while softening of copra price will help Marico to gain further market share and will improve margins. Target price: Rs 367. Time-frame: 1 year
MindTree Ltd: The company is investing into sales & they hired some senior executives from larger rivals like Cognizant , Infosys and IBM over the past one year, which will improve client mining and help it to win larger deal in coming years. Target price: Rs 1,314. Time-frame: 2 years.
Q) What is your advice to investors who want to invest in blue chip stocks which have already rallied quite a bit so far in the year 2014? Should they wait for corrections or buy stocks in the mid and small cap segments?
There are good value picks available in the midcap and small cap space and that is why most of our stock picks are in this segment. In the large cap space, one can take positions in select stocks like Reliance Industries and L&T.
Q) Any stocks or companies that you have in mind which are not frequently discussed, but have the potential to give exponential returns in the near future as the economy improves and reforms start taking shape? We also call them 'Hidden Gems'.
We released a research report on Caplin Point a few months back. The company is into injectibles and is a major player in the Latin American markets where any other Indian pharma company has not yet entered in a big way. It's a small cap company and has given 300% returns since then. This stock still has huge potential going ahead.

Xi Jinping keeps tradition alive  meets family of Dr DwarkanathKotnisPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 3:15 pm
It has been a tradition with visiting Chinese leaders to meet the family of Dr Dwarkanath Kotnis and President Xi Jinping followed it by meeting the sister of the famed physician and recalling “the fine representative who gave his precious life in China”.
For the meeting, the Chinese Consulate-General in Mumbai specially flew Kotnis’s 93-year-old sister Manorama, who is wheel chair bound, and her family to Delhi so that Xi could meet and felicitate her.
Dr Kotnis, who is revered in China for his contributions, was an Indian physician who died while treating Chinese soldiers during the second China-Japan war in 1942.
“In the critical hour of Chinese people’s war with Japanese aggression, the Indian medical mission travelled thousands of miles to assist us and fought shoulder to shoulder with people of my father’s generation against Japanese fascists. The fine representative, young Dr Kotnis gave his precious life in China.
“General Mao Zedong once wrote in his honour ‘The Chinese army has lot a helping hand, the nation a friend. Let us always bear in mind his international spirit,’” Xi said, remembering Kotnis.
Appreciating the gesture of the Chinese leadership who keeps meeting the family till date, Manorama, who has partially lost her vision, said, “Even when a new Consul-General takes charge in Mumbai, he comes to visit the family of Dr Kotnis.”
“Till now, our extended family has visited China 20 times. They have maintained the warmth for all these years,” said Rajan Borkar, son-in-law of Kotni’s elder brother, whose family now takes care of Manorama.
Kotnis went to China in 1937 as part of an Indian medical mission after China was invaded by Japan. He served on the battlefield and saved lives of many Chinese soldiers. After working for four years in China, he fell ill and died at a young age of 32.
In China, Kotnis fell in love and married a Chinese nurse who worked with him. Quo Qinglan, who remained in China, died in 2012 in the city of Dalian. They also had a son, who was studying to become a doctor but he died when he was 24.
This is not a first time that a visiting Chinese leader has met the family of Kotnis. Last year, Premier Li Keqiang had met his family.
In 2006, when Chinese President Hu Jintao visited India, he met the family. In the past, the Kotnis family met with then premier Zhou Enlai in 1950, followed by president Jiang Zemin in 1996.

GSK to pay 300m fine over Chinese bribesGSK to pay £297m fine for Chinese bribes
By Andrew Ward in London and Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dea9811e-3fd5-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ONGC invests Rs 81890cr to raise output boost discoveriesSep 19, 2014, 02.44 PM IST  | Source: PTI
ONGC invests Rs 81890cr to raise output & boost discoveries
"Our major oil and gas producing fields are ageing and showing natural decline," ONGC Chairman and Managing Director Dinesh K Sarraf told shareholders at company's AGM. However, ONGC has taken measures to arrest this trend and uphold production from such fields, he said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
ONGC invests Rs 81890cr to raise output & boost discoveries
"Our major oil and gas producing fields are ageing and showing natural decline," ONGC Chairman and Managing Director Dinesh K Sarraf told shareholders at company's AGM. However, ONGC has taken measures to arrest this trend and uphold production from such fields, he said.
Post your opinion here
 
India's largest oil and gas producer ONGC  today said it has invested Rs 81,890 crore in bringing on stream newer discoveries and arrest natural decline that has set in its ageing fields.
"Our major oil and gas producing fields are ageing and showing natural decline," ONGC Chairman and Managing Director Dinesh K Sarraf told shareholders at company's annual general meeting (AGM). However, ONGC has taken measures to arrest this trend and uphold production from such fields, he said.
Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) has deployed the best-in-class technologies in its Improved Oil Recovery (IOR) and Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) schemes on these fields.
"Our efforts have paid off well - with 7.46 million tonnes in FY'14 alone, which is about 33 per cent of ONGC's domestic crude production. Thus, till FY'14, a cumulative incremental gain of 87.41 million tonnes has been achieved," he said, adding a total of Rs 41,316 crore capex has been planned for such interventions across 24 projects, out of which 19 have already been completed.
Stating that ONGC was committed to expeditiously develop its oil and gas reserves, he said out of 15 prospective projects taken up for development, 7 projects are already complete and 8 are under various stages of implementation.
Some of these projects like C-24, B-22 Cluster, SB-14, B-46, BHE & BH-35, North Tapti, C-Series and D-1 are already on stream and producing. "These projects, with an estimated capital outlay of over Rs 40,573.7 crore, are geared up to produce additional 45.66 million tonnes of crude oil and 67.44 billion cubic meters of natural gas," he said.
Sarraf said ONGC was focused on development of Daman gas fields in western offshore and oil and gas discoveries in KG-DWN-98/2 or KG-D5 block, which sits next to Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 area.
"Development of Daman, a cluster of several discoveries in western offshore, has already been approved by the Board with an investment of Rs 5,219 crore, envisaging peak production of about 8.5 million standard cubic meters per day and start-up of production by July, 2016. All out efforts are also being made to ensure production from KG-DWN-98/2 by 2018," he said.
During 2013-14, 84.99 million tonnes of oil and oil equivalent gas reserves were accreted, the highest in last 23 years. Also, ONGC achieved a Reserve Replacement Ratio (RRR) of 1.87. This is the 9th consecutive year that your Company has achieved RRR more than one.
India's crude oil production in 2013-14 was largely flat at 37.77 million tonnes as compared to 37.86 million tonnes in the previous financial year. However, there was a substantial drop in the natural gas output. The production was pegged at 35.39 billion cubic metres (BCM) against 40.68 BCM in the preceding fiscal. While crude oil imports increased by over 2 per cent to 189.24 million tonnes, LNG import remained almost flat at 10.76 million tonnes against 10.90 MT in FY'13.
"As you all know, the growing energy deficit does not augur well for the country's economic fundamentals. The rising import bill is already exerting a considerable strain on country's trade balance. Depreciation of rupee vis-à-vis dollar further compounded the problem," Sarraf said. However, the situation has evidently improved in the current financial year with the drop in international crude prices.
"With the oil prices reaching below USD 100 per barrel in the recent days and with the relative stability of rupee, the outlook of Indian E&P industry is quite positive," he added.
ONGC stock price
On November 21, 2014, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation closed at Rs 383.60, down Rs 2.4, or 0.62 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 472.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 264.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 26.00 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 14.75. The latest book value of the company is Rs 159.81 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.40.
RELATED NEWS

Network18-Tata Tea joint initiative  Power of 49  sweeps Emvies  wins 5 golds  2 silvers2
0
New Delhi: The Tata Tea-Network18 joint initiative, "Power of 49", has swept the Emvies winning 5 golds and 2 silvers including the Grand Emvies. The Emvies, awarded by the Advertising Club Bombay, honour "Measurable and Significant contributions in the field of media".
The 'Power of 49' campaign was aimed to awaken women to the power they had to influence the political system and address the issues faced by them. It was also aimed at communicating to the political establishment that there was a force they could no longer ignore.
The 'Power of 49' campaign was launched during Lok Sabha elections to ensure that voices of women were heard. The campaign was designed to encourage women to vote in the election. Tata had joined hands with CNN-IBN for its 'jaago re' campaign to put the woman voter on the political centrestage.
The 'Power of 49' campaign was aimed to awaken women to the power they had to influence the political system and address the issues faced by them.

Sensex ends day 22 points down; Nifty at 8 121You are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Sensex rangebound; here's what experts are betting on
ET Now Sep 19, 2014, 11.42AM IST
Tags:
ashish
(Nifty index rallied over…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex rose as much as 135 points in trade in Friday, led by gains in TCS, Infosys, Reliance, Sun Pharma and Wipro .
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index rallied over 40 points to reclaim its crucial psychological level of 8150, supported by gains in pharma, power, realty, capital goods and IT stocks.
At 3:06 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 27,110.48, down 1.73 points.
The Nifty was at 8,127.20, up 12.45 points.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Tata Consultancy Services Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2800 and a stop loss of Rs 2650
HCL Technologies Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1720 and a stop loss of Rs 1650
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2840 and a stop loss of Rs 2600
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2440
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 145 and a stop loss of Rs 137
Tata Elxsi Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 750 and a stop loss of Rs 635
ZEE Entertainment Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 320 and a stop loss of Rs 297
CNX IT is a 'BUY' call with a target of 11450 and a stop loss of 11140
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO , Power My Wealth
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2525 and a stop loss of Rs 2460
Dabur India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 236 and a stop loss of Rs 222
Grasim Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3790 and a stop loss of Rs 3620
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Coal India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 355 and a stop loss of Rs 343
Force Motors Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1070 and a stop loss of Rs 975
Power Grid Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 141 and a stop loss of Rs 137
Kunal Bothra, Head Advisory, LKP
Escorts Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 165 and a stop loss of Rs 158
IDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 154 and a stop loss of Rs 147
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2520 and a stop loss of Rs 2450
Ashish Chaturmohta, Head Technical & Derivatives Desk Research, Fortune Equity Brokers (India) Ltd
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2440
Infosys Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3850 and a stop loss of Rs 3680
Arvind Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 350
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

When Xi Jinping became  Eleven Jinping  on Indian televisionWhen Xi Jinping became 'Eleven Jinping' on Indian television
Zia Haq , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 19, 2014
First Published: 15:07 IST(19/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:13 IST(19/9/2014)
State-run broadcaster DD News has dropped a part-time anchor after she mis-pronounced Chinese president Xi Jinping's name thrice and ended up calling the Chinese leader "Eleven Jinping".
The anchor, who is not a permanent employee, was reading a bulletin the night before Jinping's arrival.
"We keep reviewing performances of our staff. The anchor was a casual employee. We have discontinued her services and dropped her from the panel," Archana Dutta, the director-general of DD News, told HT.
Sources told HT, requesting anonymity, that the anchor mistook the Chinese president's first name "Xi" for the Roman numerical "XI" because the news feed in the teleprompter always appears in capital letters.
The anchor was among a panel of news readers who are paid according to assignments and summoned to work on an as-and-when-needed basis up to seven days a month, Dutta said.
The slip-up shows the news reader wasn't aware of the Chinese president's name and his visit, and therefore could not figure out the context, a former news reader on DD said.

Sensex Ends Flat Amid Choppy Trade  TCS Up 2.7%You are here: Home Market
BSE Sensex, Nifty Rise Amid Broad Gains
NDTV | Updated On: September 19, 2014 11:14 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
BSE Sensex and Nifty gained some traction in noon trade with the indices rising nearly 0.5 per cent. Gains in Indian markets tracked higher Asian markets which were boosted after the Scottish independence vote indicated Scotland would remain in the United Kingdom.
Market expert Rajat Bose is cautious, saying that Nifty faces resistance at its all-time high level of 8,180 levels. Though the sentiment is strong, weekly technical indicators show some weakness, he added.
In currency trade, the rupee also edged higher to 60.77/dollar against its previous close of 60.83.
The Sensex was up 106 points to 27,218 while Nifty rose 38 points to 8,153. The buying activity was stronger in broader markets with BSE midcap and smallcap indices rising nearly 1 per cent.
Among frontline stocks, strong buying was seen in IT stocks, with HCL Tech, TCS and Tech Mahindra rising between 2.5 per cent and 4 per cent.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added 0.2 per cent, also supported by cheer on Wall Street, where both the benchmark S&P 500 and the Dow Jones industrial average set intraday record highs. Sentiment was also underpinned by news that Alibaba Group Holding priced its IPO at $68 a share, the top end of the expected range, raising $21.8 billion on Thursday in one of the largest-ever stock offerings.
(With Agency Inputs)

Above Rs 150  IDFC may test Rs 158-160: Kunal Bothra01:30 pm
Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP told CNBC-TV18, " IDFC is just about to give an interesting breakout. It is an inverse head and shoulder breakout, the stock has been sideways. Whenever the stock gives an upside, new swing of Rs 5 or Rs 10, the volumes tend to rise, and when the stock corrects the volumes tend to fall. So it gives the indication that probably the rising volumes is the sign that there is accumulation happening."
"I am waiting for a breakout at Rs 150 which could trigger the inverse head and shoulder pattern and then probably from the short term basis, I am looking at a target of Rs 158-160 with a stoploss at Rs 146," he said.
Disclosure: Analyst has no personal holdings in the stock but it is possible that he may have recommended the same to his clients at LKP.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Tech Mahindra for long term: Kunal Bothra01:30 pm
Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP told CNBC-TV18, " Tech Mahindra has been a very long term call. We have been bullish on Tech Mahindra since three digit numbers couple of years back. But we have maintained that in a bullish trend. If we look at the entire pattern of the stock even on weeks of consolidation where your front line IT stocks like  Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) etc, they have undergone correction."
"Tech Mahindra has a tendency to go into sideways correction and more of a time based correction and that goes to show the quality of the trend the stock has been. We still believe that till the time there is no major correction in the price, that’s a good sign for long term
investors to buy into," he said.
"From a short term basis, I believe that Rs 2550 could be ideal target for the stock but from the long term basis we are extremely bullish on the stock even at these levels."
Disclosure: Analyst has no personal holdings in the stock but it is possible that he may have recommended the same to his clients at LKP.
RELATED NEWS

India  US ties will further deepen: ModiIndia  US ties will further deepen: Modi
Asian shares up  Scotland vote seen lifting EuropeAsian shares up  Scotland vote seen lifting Europe
Nepal clears GMR plan for $1.4 billion hydroelectric plantNepal clears GMR plan for $1.4 billion hydroelectric plant
Kotak Mahindra AMC buys schemes of PineBridge Mutual FundKotak Mahindra AMC buys schemes of PineBridge Mutual Fund
Alibaba raises $21.8 billion  but some concerned about company s futureAlibaba raises $21.8 billion  but some concerned about company s future
Zen Tech s order book stands at Rs 1.71 bnZen Tech s order book stands at Rs 1.71 bn
Alliance tangle: Sena talks tough as BJP core committee meetsAlliance tangle: Sena talks tough as BJP core committee meets
Govt caps prices of 36 more drugs  says officialGovt caps prices of 36 more drugs  says official
India  instigating  incidents on borders: Chinese mediaIndia  instigating  incidents on borders: Chinese media
Chinese President Xi Jinping to meet Sonia Gandhi a day after attending state banquet by PresidentChinese President Xi Jinping to meet Sonia Gandhi a day after attending state banquet by President
Cox & Kings: Updates on rating by CARESep 19, 2014, 03.42 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cox & Kings: Updates on rating by CARE
Cox & Kings Ltd has informed BSE that Credit Analysis & Research Ltd (CARE), the Rating Agency/ has reaffirmed the rating as 'CARE A1+ (A One Plus)' of Commercial Papers and short term bank facilities of the Company
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cox & Kings: Updates on rating by CARE
Cox & Kings Ltd has informed BSE that Credit Analysis & Research Ltd (CARE), the Rating Agency/ has reaffirmed the rating as 'CARE A1+ (A One Plus)' of Commercial Papers and short term bank facilities of the Company
Post your opinion here
 
Cox & Kings Ltd has informed BSE that Credit Analysis & Research Ltd (CARE), the Rating Agency/ has reaffirmed the rating as 'CARE A1+ (A One Plus)' of Commercial Papers and short term bank facilities of the Company.CARE has also enhanced the standalone Commercial Paper issue of the Company from the existing Rs. 275 Crores to Rs. 375 Crores. Instruments with this rating indicate very strong degree of safety regarding timely payment of financial obligations and carry lowest credit risk.CARE has also reaffirmed the rating as 'CARE AA- (Double A Minus)' to the long term bank facilities and issue of Non-Convertible Debentures of the Company. Instruments with this rating indicate high degree of safety for timely servicing of debt obligations and carry very low credit risk.Source : BSE

Bajaj Holdings appoints new CFOHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Bajaj Holdings appoints new CFO
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
Bajaj Holdings & Investment has said that Kevin D’Sa, who is currently the CFO of Bajaj Auto Ltd (BAL), Bajaj Finserv Ltd (BFS) and Bajaj Holdings & Investment Ltd (BHIL), has chosen to continue in BAL and relinquish his position in BHIL and BFS from October 1.
This is consequent to the Companies Act 2013, which has made the position of CFO as KMP (key management personnel) and that KMP should not hold office in more than one company.
In an exchange filing, the company said its board has appointed Anant Marathe as the new CFO of BHIL, with effect from October 1, 2014.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Taxation can hamper REITs success: StudyTaxation can hamper REITs success: Study
Alka Kshirsagar
Tweet
Pune, Sept 19:  
Though Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) are expected to be a game changer for Indian commercial real estate sector, a IVCA-KPMG study has identified several key taxation and regulatory gaps in Indian REITs framework.
The study – ‘Destination India-Are we ready for REITs?’ launched at the ‘Real Estate Private Equity & REITS Conference’ today highlighted the concerns which may be the roadblocks for implementing REITs successfully.
“Real estate is a capital intensive sector. But it also requires expertise in a variety of areas for investments to be successful,” Arvind P. Mathur, President, IVCA, said in a statement released by KPMG.
The quality and track record of developers and sponsors, standards of corporate governance, the variety of business models being pursued (including asset-light models) and the diversity of India were all important factors, he said.
“This study addresses the intricacies of real estate investing, deal structuring and taxation in India. The publication is all the more important, because many of the regulations are in a state of flux,” Mathur said.
According to Neeraj Bansal, Partner and head of real estate and construction, KPMG in India, the country has an estimated 350 million square feet of ‘Grade A’ office space valued at about $ 65-70 billion. These are mainly in Delhi-NCR, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Pune, Kolkata and Hyderabad.
Of these assets, around 80-100 million square feet is estimated to be eligible for REITs in the next 2-3 years valued at about $ 15-20 billion.
“High rental yields and moderate capital appreciation, together makes India a bright spot among global investors,” he said.
Apart from ‘Grade A’ office space, there are shopping centres, retail malls, hotels, industrial warehouses, and hospitals which are eligible for REITs, he added.
The study found that REITs are likely to infuse additional transparency and liquidity in the Indian real estate market. With local developers showing interest to list Indian assets offshore, especially in Singapore Stock Exchange, setting up of REITs framework in India is likely to attract such markets onshore and also increase the depth of Indian capital markets.
From a private equity perspective, REITs may create exit opportunities for developers and existing investors allowing them to move completed assets to REITs and improve the long-term liquidity in the market.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

House panel wants to bring NHAI under its purviewHouse panel wants to bring NHAI under its purview
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
A key Parliamentary financial committee wants to bring the National Highway Authority of India under its purview, but the authority working under the Road Ministry is opposed to the idea.
The issue of bringing NHAI under the purview of the Committee on Public Undertakings came up at the meeting of the panel on Tuesday.
The Committee heard the views of Ministry of Road Transport and Highways and Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs on the issue.
The committee feels that like other public undertakings, NHAI should also be brought under its oversight. The NHAI, sources said, used to appear before the Committee till a few years ago.
But later its officials did not appear before the Committee saying they are not covered under the Fourth Schedule of the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business in Lok Sabha.
The Authority is also of the view that besides not being covered under the Schedule, it generates little profit and its funds to create infrastructure are provided for by the government.
The Law Ministry, meanwhile, has not given its considered opinion on the dispute citing lack of background material. Its view was sought by the Committee.
A few months ago, the committee had written to the Road Ministry informing it that it wants to bring NHAI under its preview.
The Ministry too is learnt to be of the view that since it is covered by the Standing Committee on Transport, the functioning of the NHAI automatically comes under the purview of that panel.
One of the views is that the Fourth Schedule can be amended to bring the Authority under the purview of Committee on Public Undertakings.
The Committee on Public Undertakings examines reports and accounts of Public Undertakings specified in the Fourth Schedule and examine reports, if any, of the Comptroller and Auditor General on Public Undertakings.
It also examines whether the affairs of the Public Undertakings are being managed in accordance with sound business principles and prudent commercial practices.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Right yet wrong  your honourRight yet wrong, your honour
Somasekhar Sundaresan
Tweet
PTI Not another 'government job'?: Acting chief justice of Kerala High Court Ashok Bhushan administers the oath of office to Kerala Governor P Sathasivam
Defending his unimpeachable appointment as Kerala governor, Justice P Sathasivam however submitted the judiciary’s image to a public trial
Justice P Sathasivam seems to have a knack for being surefooted and firm in controversial situations. Earlier this year, as chief justice of India, he struck a firm blow against the lackadaisical manner in which mercy petitions are handled. His judgement saved the lives of several convicts on death row. He was not swayed by the “collective conscience” ranged against convicts held guilty of assassinating a former prime minister.
Judges are but human beings, not robots. Societal outrage can seep into any human mind. A good judge stands firm in favour of the law rather than populist notions of justice. The remission of death sentences demonstrated to the world that India has a sophisticated judicial system that does not flinch from the rule of law even under extraordinarily controversial circumstances.
Days ago, taking oath as governor of Kerala, Justice Sathasivam again stood firm. His stance that there was nothing wrong in a former chief justice becoming governor was legally impeccable. There was nothing unique about his appointment to cloud its propriety. However, in the process, he put the image of the judiciary under trial in the court of public opinion. There he erred.
Justice Sathasivam succeeded Congresswoman Sheila Dikshit, who had been nudged out of office barely six months after entering it on the tail of a drubbing in the Delhi State elections. Distraught, the Congress Party made a reckless insinuation, linking Justice Sathasivam’s appointment to his judicial decisions in cases relating to the (now) BJP President Amit Shah. The retired judge publicly took the bait thus: “At that time nobody would have expected that Mr Shah would become BJP president. We did not give Mr Shah a clean chit in the case. In fact, I shifted the Sohrabuddin case to Maharashtra. In the very same judgment, the court had given liberty to the CBI to file a supplementary charge sheet against Mr Shah.”
This gave the impression of a retired judge so keen on governorship that he would even publicly defend his judicial decisions. It is for a valid reason that judges are required to speak about their decisions only through their judgements. They are answerable only to the rule of law in the courts — not to the court of public opinion. Had he exposed the hollowness of the arguments against his candidature for the governor’s office and yet rejected the job offer, he would have scored a big hit for the image of the judiciary.
By publicly clarifying his judicial decision, the retired judge failed to dismiss the insinuation with the contempt it deserved and instead offered a competing interpretation of a judicial view, that too of the highest court of the land.
The idea of any occupant of a high constitutional office taking up a government appointment after retirement can indeed be problematic. But there’s nothing unique about the sedate governor’s job, which heightens the problem. It’s difficult even to envisage any room for conflict between the nature of job of a governor and a chief justice. Many a retired Supreme Court judge is appointed to tribunals, commissions and statutory bodies. The qualification criteria for these offices often require appointment of a retired judge. While these are indeed ‘government jobs’, the governor is a constitutional authority.
Besides, this is not the first time that a Supreme Court judge has been appointed governor. The chief justice is but a Supreme Court judge. In 1997, retired Supreme Court judge Fathima Beevi was made governor of Tamil Nadu while retired Jammu and Kashmir High Court Chief Justice SS Kang was made governor of Kerala. The then president, Shankar Dayal Sharma, cited their experience and insights into the Constitution as valuable assets. That governor Beevi did not sail smooth in the choppy waters of Tamil Nadu politics and quit her position much like Sheila Dikshit, is a story for another day.
Then there is the rather disingenuous and petty argument that it is shameful for a retired chief justice to be sworn in as governor by a High Court chief justice. Should rank matter, the chief justice of a High Court and a Supreme Court judge are on par. That apart, many an illustrious retired chief justice of India has passed awards resolving disputes in arbitration. These awards can be challenged — in some States it is a District Court, subordinate to High Courts, which can consider such challenges. Decisions of retired Supreme Court judges sitting in tribunals can indeed be challenged in writ petitions before freshly minted High Court judges.
Yet, the role of a governor is hardly one that justifies a retired CJI publicly defending his judicial decisions, breaking with high tradition, and justifying why he should accept the job offer. A recent interview with Sheila Dikshit in the Business Standard tells all: “I had gone there because I had been asked by the party and appointed by the President... Kerala is a beautiful and welcoming state. I enjoyed it... I needed the calm... it was a welcome break after 16 years of hard work... I saw a lot of their dance... their music is very good... I read a lot of books... believe it or not, I even read Daphne Du Maurier’s Rebecca again.”
(Somasekhar Sundaresan, lawyer and columnist, is conscious he is often wrong when right)
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
Related

Lenders hit at ECB over secrecy agreementsLenders hit at ECB over secrecy agreements
By Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/395622ee-3daf-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex rebounds 138 pointsUpdated: September 17, 2014 16:43 IST
Sensex rebounds 138 points
market and exchange
Snapping a two-day downtrend, the benchmark Sensex on Wednesday rose over 138 points on the back of gains in IT, power and auto scrips amid positive global sentiments on hopes of Fed maintaining lower interest rates.
The 30-share BSE barometer closed at 26,631.29 points, up by 138.78 points, or 0.52 per cent over last close after rising to 26,682.64 intra-day.
In the previous two sessions, the index lost 568.53 points as foreign funds and retail investors pulled off cash off the table on fears the Fed will bring forward its timetable for hiking rates as the economy picks up speed.
The 50-share NSE Nifty also rose by 42.60 points or 0.54 per cent to 7,975.50, ending two straights days of decline.
Global markets in Asia and Europe also rose on speculation China will give its banks some fresh loans.
“Speculation that Fed would maintain its interest rates low and boost growth for now and that China’s central bank will provide the country’s big banks with fresh loans — keep markets and commodities markets globally upbeat,” said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio.
Stocks of IT companies that get more than 60 per cent of their revenue from the US led rebound on the bourses as buying intensified.
Infosys rose 2.29 per cent, TCS gained 1.31 per and Wipro was up 1.41 per cent.
Dr Reddys surged 2.52 per cent, logging the best gains among 30 constituents of Sensex.
Other gainers which supported the BSE index were Tata Power, Tata Motors, Tata Steel, BHEL, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki, M&M, Hero MotoCorp, ITC, L&T and RIL.
On the other hand, 10 Sensex stocks ended down led by Cipla and Coal India.
With the improvement in the market’s scenario, the mid cap and small cap indices also turned active with buying seen in several of its constituents. Midcap index was up 0.25 per cent and Smallcap rose 0.31 per cent.
Sector-wise, IT index outshined other sectors. The BSE IT sector index gained the most by rising 1.52 per cent, followed by Power sector index (up 1.35 per cent), Teck index (1.26 per cent), Auto index (1.02 per cent), Capital Goods index (0.81 per cent) and Realty index (0.51 per cent).
FMCG index (0.26 per cent), Healthcare index (0.28 per cent) and Oil & Gas index (0.21 per cent) and Metal index (0.27 per cent) also gained moderately.

Why Flipkart  Amazon Are Facing Traders  IreApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: IT and telecom product traders' association ADCTA on Wednesday asked its about 25,000 members across India to stop supplying goods to e-commerce portals and retailers if they sell any product below the price at which they have originally purchased it.
"A few companies namely Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon etc. are selling the goods through internet. In most of the cases, these companies are selling fast moving goods at a much lesser price than purchase price," the traders' association said in statement.
Many technology products such as mobile phones and tablets are available online at lesser price than in retail stores, impacting adversely their business by traders.
"ADCTA advises dealers/distributors/suppliers to stop supplying goods to online companies in case these companies offer the same product less than purchase price," the statement added.
E-tailers Amazon and Flipkart responded by saying the prices are determined by sellers, no comments could be obtained from Snapdeal.
"We are a marketplace. We do not determine prices. Our sellers decide what to sell on our platform and at what price points," an Amazon India spokesperson said.
A Flipkart spokesperson said, "The prices on our site are decided by our sellers. As a marketplace, we simply facilitate a platform where the sellers can connect with potential customers."
All Delhi Computer Traders Association joint secretary Swarn Singh alleged that some of the retailers have partnered with e-commerce firms to supply them product at prices lesser than product's landing cost in the country and e-commerce firms bear the differential cost.
"We are channel partners. Almost all sales in retail market happens through us. We are aware of landing price of product at customs. ADCTA has written to government agencies to investigate in the matter," Mr Singh said.
Story first published on: September 17, 2014 18:21 (IST)

Law firm Venable to move headquarters in 2017By Catherine Ho September 17 Follow @WapoCat
Venable, the national law firm with about 400 attorneys and staff in the District, will move its Washington headquarters four blocks north to 600 Massachusetts Ave. NW in 2017, the firm announced today.
The firm will be the anchor tenant in the newly constructed Gould Property office tower near Mount Vernon Square, and will occupy about 245,000 square feet on five floors. Venable is currently at 575 Seventh St. NW, by Gallery Place, and plans to move during the first quarter of 2017.
“We are very excited about this move,” said Brian Schwalb, the firm’s vice chairman who helped negotiate the lease. “This new location will keep us right in the heart of D.C.’s most vibrant area, easily accessible to our clients and professionals.”
A rendering of Venable’s future home, at 600 Massachusetts Ave. NW (Courtesy Gould Property Co.)
Venable was the first law firm to commit to the then-nascent Seventh Street corridor in 2003, and the neighborhood is now one of the most vibrant in the city, Schwalb said.
“In moving to a new building just a couple blocks from our current home, we are committed to contributing to the continued success of this business district,” he said.
A private, family-owned firm,   Gould partnered with Oxford Properties Group of Canada on the development. Erecting the new 10-story building, designed by District-based Core Architects, required relocating a group of historical brick row houses.
After the homes were moved, the companies held a groundbreaking ceremony in July, with completion scheduled for the summer of 2016. The project is one of a  crop of new developments being built downtown despite a largely flat leasing environment.
Kingdon Gould III, whose family founded and owns the company, issued a statement saying he was “delighted” at the deal. “We are looking forward to a long and enjoyable association with Venable,” he said.
Core principal I. Guy Martin has been working with the Gould family on designs for the building for more than 30 years.
“We envisioned this building as a glass crystal embedded in a brick block, mediating between high-rise Massachusetts Avenue and historic Eye Street,” Martin said in a release at the groundbreaking. “I drew the first design sketches of this project for Kingdon Gould in 1981, so it’s immensely gratifying to see the final project break ground.”
Venable joins other firms in relocating to the Eastern end of downtown, part of a migration of high-end tenants toward neighborhoods now filled with new restaurants and amenities. Other examples include Covington & Burling, which took the lion’s share of the office space at CityCenter DC, and Arnold & Porter, which will occupy a new office tower across the street from the Gould project, at 635 Massachusetts Ave. NW.
Real estate advisers Aaron Katz, Mike Shuler and Pat Nalls with Newmark Grubb Knight Frank represented Venable in the site selection process and negotiation of the transaction. The new space was designed by Alliance Architecture.
Staff writer Jonathan O’Connell contributed to this story.
Catherine Ho covers law and lobbying for the Capital Business section of The Washington Post. She previously worked at the LA Daily Journal, the Los Angeles Times, the Detroit Free Press, the Wichita Eagle and the San Mateo County Times.

For or against Isis  Iran must chooseSeptember 18, 2014 11:52 am
For or against Isis, Iran must make its choice
By Frederic Hof
Tehran will show its colours in its attitude to the caliphate it helped build, says Frederic Hof
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/726636f6-3e8a-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fawad Khan and Sonam s royal romanceCelebrity
Khoobsurat: The royal romance
'Khoobsurat' is a quirky, modern romantic comedy about what happens when a vibrant, hopelessly romantic physiotherapist meets a handsome young Rajput prince who is the complete opposite of her - and is engaged to someone else.
It is a battle of values between two individually crazy families -- one that encourages discipline and self-restraint versus the other, which is all for spontaneity and open- mindedness.
1 / 12

Seat-sharing formula: BJP gives ultimatum to Shiv SenaPTI Past perfect Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray with BJP leader Nitin Gadkari (file photo).
Party evolving Plan B to go it alone in Maharashtra
Mumbai, September 18:  
Setting itself on a confrontation path with its oldest ally, the BJP on Thursday gave the Shiv Sena an ultimatum to agree on a seat-sharing formula for the coming Assembly elections or face a breakdown of the alliance.
Having jacked up its demand for contesting 135 of the 288 seats, which has been rejected by the Shiv Sena, senior BJP leaders have communicated to Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray to decide by this evening whether his party is willing to conform to a “mutual and respectable” seat-sharing formula.
The alliance partners need to wrap up talks quickly, as just 28 days remain for Assembly elections in Maharashtra.
Today’s ultimatum has come after a major brainstorming session of the BJP core group in Mumbai last night which was attended by leaders including BJP chief Amit Shah, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari, Rajiv Pratap Rudy, General Secretary in charge of Maharashtra and Om Mathur, the BJP’s State election in charge, and State leaders.
The core group meeting is also understood to have discussed a Plan B in case the BJP has to go it alone.
Top BJP sources said the party is upset that the Shiv Sena, an ally of 25 years, has not given any response to the proposal sent by it on the higher number of seats it wants to contest in the coming elections. In the 2009 elections, the BJP had contested 119 and the Sena 169 seats. However, this time the alliance “Mahayuti” has been broad-based with the inclusion of four more parties — RPI (Athawle), Rashtriya Samaj Paksha, Swabhimani Shetkari Paksha and Loksangram.
The party is particularly peeved that Thackeray has not responded to or was not in communication with the BJP leadership ever since the demand for 135 seats was put forth to him. In fact, without responding to the BJP’s demand directly, he went public earlier this week on rejecting it.
Congress-NCP talks
The Congress and its ally NCP are also facing a similar situation, with the NCP demanding more seats from the former.
NCP spokesperson Nawab Mallik told media persons that after the August 20 meeting between party supremo Sharad Pawar and senior Congress leader AK Anthony, there have been no formal meetings on seat sharing. “We are waiting for an invite from them,” he said.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

PM Modi to Launch  Make in India  Campaign; Several Companies to AttendIndian E-commerce Market to Hit $15 Billion in 2 Years: Google
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will launch the 'Make in India' campaign here next week at a mega function that will be attended by about a thousand global and domestic business leaders.
"On September 25, the Prime Minister will launch the Make in India programme," Power Minister Piyush Goyal said.
According to officials, several top global companies from countries including the US, Japan, Korea, Sweden, Poland, Australia, China, Italy, Germany and France are likely to attend the function.
It is expected that PM Modi would announce some major incentives for corporates setting up manufacturing hubs in the country.
In his Independence Day address, PM Modi had invited the global business community to set up manufacturing facilities in India, giving the slogan 'come, make in India'.
To make it more successful, the campaign would be simultaneously launched in different state capitals including Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore.
The campaign will also be telecast live in Indian embassies in countries in similar time zone as that of India.
The officials also said that prospective investors will be informed about India's growth story and the steps being taken by the government to improve investment climate here.
The move is aimed at generating huge employment, boosting trade and spurring economic growth.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 22:28 (IST)

Emerging markets brace for a bumpy rideEmerging markets brace for a bumpy ride
By Gillian Tett
The increasing role of asset managers is a striking – and risky – change in the credit ecosystem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/73aaedea-3e76-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Couple Sells Everything to Live Their Dreamcouple sells everything to live their dream
Real test of Narendra Modi-led NDA govt is how it embraces unpopular decisions: Bill GatesReal test of Narendra Modi-led NDA govt is how it embraces unpopular decisions: Bill Gates
PTI | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 19 2014, 09:01  IST
Sep 19 2014, 09:01  IST
 

The allies carrying Sena-BJP hopes on Pawars western turfPrint
Raju Shetti: Defeated NCP senior Nivedita Mane by 1.5 lakh votes in Hatkanangle
Written by Manoj Dattatrye More | Mumbai/pune | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:26 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 12:28 am
One seized a Lok Sabha constituency from the NCP in the heart of Sharad Pawar’s western Maharashtra bastion in 2009, then defended it convincingly this year. Another challenged Pawar’s daughter Supriya Sule in Pawar’s own Baramati, and polled 4.51 lakh votes to her 5.21 lakh, reducing her winning margin from 2.5 lakh votes to under 70,000.
It’s little wonder that Raju Shetti and Mahadev Jankar will play a key role in the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance as  Pawar baiters in western Maharashtra. Their parties, Shetti’s Swabhimani Paksha and Jankar’s Rashtriya Samaj Paksha, may together contest barely a dozen seats, but the Sena-BJP expects them to give the NCP a run for its money in its bastion.
“I want to end the Sharad Pawar pattern of politics,” declares Jankar. “People are donating cash and in kind, somebody wants to help with a party office, somebody else wants to help with a rented helicopter. The truth is that people have seen through the Pawars’ duplicity.
They use the name of Shahu-Phule-Ambedkar, but people of communities such as the Dhangars and Malis have not progressed at all.” He says members of these communities often make it to the post of vice-president and chairman of the sugar cooperatives that the Pawars control, but never rise beyond that. “The truth is that the Pawars are working for their own family members only.”
At 46, Jankar, who lives in a single room tenement in suburban Mumbai, where he says he does not so much as own a bed, says he will never marry; he wants to commit his life to serving people. “RSS members who worked with me during my Lok Sabha campaign were surprised how similar my political position is to that of Narendra Modi — no family, nobody to serve through my politics but the people,” he says.
It’s widely believed that if Jankar was to contest the assembly election, he could even unseat deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in the latter’s home constituency. But Jankar says he expects to go to the Rajya Sabha within 18 months if a Sena-BJP government assumes office in Maharashtra.
Shetti, 47, is equally ambitious, riding high on a very convincing win from Hatkanangle. He overcame a vicious campaign by the NCP-Congress to win by a massive margin of over 1.5 lakh votes from a seat that was with the NCP until 2009, when he unseated senior leader Nivedita Mane.
Shetti is seeking to establish himself as the new regional satrap in the sugar belt, ambitiously demanding, for his party men, 10 to 13 key seats in Kolhapur, Solapur, Sangli, Sangli and Ahmednagar districts.
Shetty’s political career started in 2001 when, despite a strong contest from mainstream parties and an established sugar lobby, he was elected a member of the Kolhapur Zilla Parishad. In 2004, he fought the assembly polls as continued…

PM Modi serves Xi tough dose of reality in Delhiboudary dispute
(A stern-sounding Modi asked…)
NEW DELHI: After a day of smiles and sightseeing in Ahmedabad that promised a new approach to India-China relations, realpolitik prevailed on Thursday as Prime Minister Narendra Modi put the boundary dispute and transgressions by Chinese troops at the centre stage of the New Delhi-Beijing bilateral. Foreign experts and officials in the ministry of external affairs told ET this was the first time in decades that an Indian PM had taken up the border issue so forcefully at a bilateral that was expected to be more about business and cooperation.
A stern-sounding Modi asked Beijing to respect New Delhi's sensitivities to realise the full potential of the relationship while Chinese President Xi Jinping sought to underplay the frequent border transgressions describing them as "certain incidents" that could be managed by both sides.
Addressing the media jointly after a 90-minute talk, both the leaders listed out a slew of measures ranging from a new emphasis on Bangladesh-Myanmar-India-China (BMIC) corridor to opening a new route through Nathu La pass to the pilgrimage centre of Kailash-Mansarovar in Tibet.
But the crowd at Hyderabad House seemed hardly excited when Modi announced a $20-billion Chinese investment as against the mammoth figure of $100 billion that was being touted earlier.
Adding to India's discomfort, Xi spoke about China's deeper interests in South Asia and Saarc. India and China share a complex relationship not only over the boundary dispute but also over their growing regional ambitions and encirclement strategies in each other's neighbourhood.
Xi's visit was overshadowed by a fresh round of incursions from the Chinese side in Ladakh, but the six-hour bonhomie at display in Ahmedabad had raised hopes that Modi and Xi had developed a sort of personal chemistry.
"While it was expected that Modi would raise transgression issues, it was unusual to see him putting so much emphasis on the boundary question," said China expert Alka Acharya.
Xi, who was responding to Modi, said there was a need to clarify the Line of Actual Control (LAC) for peace and stability between the two sides, and added that China and India were capable enough to deal with the fallout from security incidents on the border.
"China has the determination to work with India through friendly consultations to settle the boundary question at an early date," the Chinese president said, without getting into any verbal duel.
Beijing's strategy of issuing stapled visas to the Arunachal Pradesh residents and thereby undermining One India Policy was also protested by Modi. "...we discussed India's concerns relating to China's visa policy and trans-border rivers."Earlier, following the ceremonial welcome at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhawan, Xi expressed hope that both countries can take their strategic partnership to a new level and align mutual development strategies.
Former high commissioner to Pakistan G Parthasarathy appeared sceptical of the Chinese optimism. "While on the one hand President Xi made these remarks, on the other, PLA (People's Liberation Army) will intrude into Indian territory.
This never helps to build trust," he said. China's proposal for sub-regional Bangladesh-India-China-Myanmar corridor too has not created great enthusiasm among the mandarins in South Block. Delhi remains sensitive to this initiative as it involves Northeast India, where Beijing has had an interest for decades.
Xi's visit is being closely followed in both Tokyo and Washington — both of whom are keen to develop stronger ties with India to counter China's rise. Interestingly, this visit comes less than a week before Modi's maiden trip to the US, where Beijing's aggressive role in East Asia will be among the talking points.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Five-Year Trade and Economic Development Plan signedChina President Xi's India Visit
(India and China signed a…)
NEW DELHI: India and China signed a five-year trade and economic cooperation agreement to improve the trade balance that is loaded heavily in favour of the latter, a sore point in economic relations between the neighbours.
The agreement also envisages $20-billion Chinese investment in India. The Five-Year Trade and Economic Development Plan was signed by Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and her Chinese counterpart Gao Hucheng in the presence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and visiting President Xi Jinping. Sitharaman and Gao also signed the minutes of the 10th session of the India-China Joint Economic Group held earlier this month in Beijing.
India had a $36.2 billion goods trade deficit in fiscal 2014 with China. This wide trade imbalance is often blamed for hurting many of the manufacturing sectors in India. The total trade between the two countries was nearly $66 billion. "It is recognised that trade deficit with China is a matter of high concern for India," the agreement between the two countries noted, adding that New Delhi and Beijing will strive for a more balanced trade over the next five years.
One component of this would be to increase bilateral trade in services, particularly information technology and related services where India has a significant advantage. The framework proposes steps towards "improving India's export capacity and competitiveness and expedite action on resolution of market access issues", listing sectors that need specific attention.
India sought greater access for bovine meat, rapeseed meal and oil meals and also flagged the issue of the country's basmati exports facing restrictions in China. China provided market access for basmati rice in 2012 but shipments have been stuck because authorities in Shanghai were not aware of the quarantine clearance given by the Chinese government for import of the aromatic grain, New Delhi has pointed out.
India exported $4.1 billion worth of bovine meat in fiscal 2014. Basmati rice accounted for $4.8 billion of the total rice exports of $7.8 billion.
India has also sought market access for five fruit and vegetables on an urgent basis. China had provided market access for mangoes in 2004 and for grapes and bitter gourd in 2005.
India also suggested lower tariffs on textiles and handmade carpets, casein and caseinates, diamonds and oil seeds. China has suggested this could be taken up under the framework of the Asia-Pacific Trade Agreement.
New Delhi suggested enhanced cooperation in pharmaceuticals where India has built up global competitiveness. Export of formulations can help China's public health programme, New Delhi said.
"Chinese investments in India are abysmally low. Increasing investments in key sectors like infrastructure will not only bring in capital inflows but would also provide impetus to the manufacturing sector. This would help India increase its exports and lower trade deficit," said Nisha Taneja, prof at ICRIER, a think tank.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Salmond concedes defeat  demands more Scottish powers fastScottish First Minister Alex Salmond looks down during a press conference in Edinburgh in Scotland on Friday. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Edinburgh | Posted: September 19, 2014 11:22 am
Scottish nationalist leader Alex Salmond conceded defeat on Friday over his bid to win independence and demanded the British government rapidly meet its promise of more powers for Edinburgh.
“Scotland has by a majority decided not at this stage to become an independent country. I accept that verdict of the people,” Salmond told independence supporters in the Scottish capital.
Leaders of Britain’s three main parties, shocked by the strong showing of the independence campaign in recent weeks, scrambled to offer Scots more devolved powers if they remained part of the United Kingdom.
“Scotland will expect these to be honoured in rapid course,” Salmond said.

Sony hopes for higher profits from PlayStation salesSony hopes for PlayStation profit boost as smartphones struggle
Sophie Knight     Tokyo   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 12:12 IST
A man plays a video game on Sony's PlayStation 4 console at its showroom in Tokyo (Photo: Reuters)
The head of Sony's PlayStation division hopes to raise its profit outlook for this year, in stark contrast to the Japanese electronics firm's mobile business which has forecast deep losses and sent Sony's stock reeling.
With Sony's three core electronics businesses - the third is imaging - looking increasingly lopsided, the Japanese multinational conglomerate is having to shrink and restructure in mobile, and focus its growth hopes on image sensors and the 20-year-old PlayStation games console.
Buoyed by strong sales of the latest PlayStation 4 (PS4) and the rollout of games and content for its network services, Sony Computer Entertainment CEO Andrew House hopes he can again raise the division's profit forecast for the year to end-March. Sony pushed up that forecast in July to 25 billion yen ($230 million) from 20 billion yen.
"We raised our profit prediction and I hope that's a trend we can continue, even within this fiscal year," House told Reuters in an interview on Thursday, adding his unit's profits looked certain to increase next year from this year's levels.
Sony has sold 10.3 million PS4 consoles as of September 6, almost double the sales of technology giant Microsoft's XBox One , and well ahead of the 7.2 million WiiU's sold by Nintendo, according to market research firm VGChartz.
House's upbeat comments came a day after Sony's struggling smartphone division announced a 180 billion yen impairment charge, triggering the Japanese firms's sixth profit warning in two-and-a-half years. It also said it would not pay a dividend this year - the first such move since its 1958 listing.
SHARES ROCKED
While Sony had warned in July of a potential charge, the axing of the dividend stunned investors and sparked an 8.6 per cent drop in Sony shares to 1,940 yen. That ended a 25 per cent rally in the share price over the past six weeks as confidence grew in Sony's restructuring plans and its prospects in growth markets such as automotive sensors.
Sony will cut another 1,000 jobs, around 15 per cent of its headcount, in its smartphone business, where it is up against fast-growing Chinese manufacturers such as Xiaomi as well as established names such as Apple and Samsung Electronics.
"If the company were to go through further restructuring, it needs cash, so from this perspective it makes sense that the company's not paying dividends," said Mitsushige Akino, chief fund manager at Ichiyoshi Asset Management.
Sony's move also sparked a surge in the price of insuring its debt against default, with its 5-year credit default swaps rising 40 per cent compared with levels prior to the profit warning.
And Standard & Poor's (S&P), the only leading credit ratings agency to retain an investment-grade rating on Sony debt, put the company's credit on review for a possible downgrade to junk status. "We believe it will not be easy for Sony to maintain brand recognition and generate stable profitability in this competitive market," S&P said of Sony's smartphone business.
NETWORK SPENDING
The mobile unit's woes will mean greater scrutiny of the PlayStation's profit performance, which has typically been erratic - swerving from steep losses as Sony spent heavily to develop new consoles to strong profits when those consoles reached peak popularity.
Sony CEO Kazuo Hirai - House's predecessor - has said he hopes the PS4 can recapture the profit levels of the PS2, the best-selling game console which at its peak earned Sony more than $1 billion in annual operating profit.
While House declined to be drawn on specific numbers, he touted bright profit prospects at the game division, which brings in 10-12 per cent of Sony's revenue, and aims to boost monthly revenue per user from services such as online games, which offer a steadier stream of income than one-off purchases of hardware and software.
"I do feel we have a higher opportunity to build a higher ARPU (average revenue per user) than with the PS3, and that should make a very strong profit contribution over the life-cycle," he said.
House warned, however, that profitability of the game division, which had been combined with network services such as streaming video and music as well as games, would be constrained in the near term as Sony needs to invest in its network infrastructure over the next 12-18 months.
He denied there was pressure for the games division to take up the slack for the mobile business, and noted that both Hirai and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Kenichiro Yoshida's background in games and networking was favourable for his business.
"Kaz obviously comes out of the games business. He was in that for 10 years in the States and has a deep understanding of what a healthy ecosystem looks like and what we have to do," said House, a 49-year-old Briton who has worked at Sony for more than two decades. "I think Yoshida coming in as CFO has been hugely beneficial for us. He comes from a network services business."
House said Sony's cloud-based TV service, due to launch in the United States this year, was an opportunity to expand the user base of its network services, now at 52 million - a fraction of Apple's 800 million or so iTunes users. Sony is also looking for more content providers after signing a deal with Viacom to stream 22 of its channels.
For some analysts, the contrasting fortunes of Sony's business pillars was not necessarily a bad thing.
"This has shown that a sensible CFO is able to control the expansionary aspirations of business heads, which if unchecked, would lead to larger losses for Sony," said Atul Goyal, analyst at Jefferies.
(Reuters)

Larry Ellison steps down as Oracle CEO  co-CEOs take overNoel Randewich and Bill Rigby     San Francisco/Seattle   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 12:18 IST
Oracle CEO Larry Ellison introduces the Oracle Database In-Memory during a launch event at the company's headquarters in Redwood Shores, California June 10, 2014. (Photo: Reuters)
Larry Ellison, co-founder and leader of Oracle Corp for 37 years, stepped aside as chief executive officer on Thursday, to be replaced by co-CEOs Safra Catz and Mark Hurd, raising questions about a job-sharing arrangement that has had a fraught record elsewhere.
Ellison and the two new co-CEOs each stressed that nothing would change under the new management structure, with Ellison staying on as executive chairman and chief technology officer.
But Oracle shares fell 2 per cent to $40.70 in after-hours trading after it reported the management shake-up and that profit had fallen below Wall Street's average forecast, hurt by weak hardware sales.
The move immediately attracted criticism from management experts.
"In almost all cases, these co-CEO configurations are a jerry-rigged solution to a political problem," said Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, a professor at Yale School of Management.
The move comes earlier than expected by many investors, and appears designed to address concerns about the company's direction under Ellison, 70, who co-founded the database company that became Oracle in 1977 and has been Oracle's only CEO.
"While there was some speculation Larry could step down, the timing is a bit of a head scratcher and the Street will have many questions," said Daniel Ives, an analyst at FBR Capital Markets. "Investors have a mixed view of Safra and especially Hurd as co-CEOs given the missteps we have seen from the company over the past few years."
On a conference call with analysts, Ellison said: "I'm going to continue doing what I've been doing over the last several years. They're going to continue what they've been doing over the last several years," referring to Hurd, 57, and Catz, 52. "Mark and Safra have done a spectacular job and I think they deserve the recognition of their new titles."
Catz and Hurd echoed that mantra on the call.
"I want to make sure we are very, very clear. There will actually be no changes," said Catz. "No changes whatsoever."
For his part, Hurd stressed that Oracle was not hierarchical. "We're pretty flat in terms of the way we run the place, and we want to keep it that way," he told the conference call.
The creation of two CEO roles, which has largely been unsuccessful when tried at other companies, raises questions of how Catz and Hurd, both strong personalities, will work together at the top.
"Co-CEO structures are typically not ideal," said Bill Kreher, an analyst at Edward Jones. "They're both very independent thinkers who have strong wills. At times they won't agree. But they have worked closely together, and with Ellison. We don't see the day-to-day changing."
The two have very different histories. Catz, trained in finance and law, was a Wall Street banker from 1986 until she joined Oracle in 1999, and has been a central figure in Oracle's many acquisitions.
Sales-oriented Hurd spent 25 years at computer and ATM pioneer NCR Corp before joining Hewlett-Packard, where he was CEO from 2005 until 2010, when he resigned in the wake of sexual harassment claims by a female contractor. HP concluded that its harassment policy had not been violated but that Hurd had made inaccurate expense claims concealing entertainment for the contractor. He was courted by Ellison and joined Oracle later that year.
STEPPING BACK, BUT STILL PRESENT
Under the new arrangement, manufacturing, finance and legal functions at Oracle will continue to report to Catz, while sales and service units will continue to report to Hurd. Software and hardware engineering will continue to report to Ellison.
The major difference is that Catz and Hurd will now report to Oracle's board, rather than to Ellison himself, although Ellison is now executive chairman of that board.
Ellison will keep working full time, Oracle said in a statement. His step back from the top job mirrors Bill Gates at Microsoft , who stepped down as chairman of the software giant earlier this year but remains a board member and adviser to new CEO Satya Nadella .
Ellison has recently been edging back from his role as the face of Oracle. Last year, he skipped a quarterly conference call to be out on the water to watch his Oracle Team USA compete in sailing's America's Cup, and he also skipped his widely followed keynote speech at Oracle's OpenWorld conference as the regatta got down to its nail-biting final races.
But he promised to appear on the company's quarterly earnings calls with analysts. "You'll have to wait a little while longer before you get me off the calls," he told analysts on Thursday. "I apologize to everyone for that."
Marc Benioff, CEO of Oracle competitor Salesforce.com, commented on Twitter that Ellison will remain in power.
"There always has been, & always will be, one CEO at Oracle," Benioff tweeted in reaction to the news.
RAGS TO RICHES
Raised in a rough Chicago neighborhood, Ellison built Oracle into one of Silicon Valley 's most successful technology companies, whose databases have become the technology backbones of the world's largest corporations.
Ellison took the company public in 1986, the same year as Microsoft, with revenue of $55 million. This fiscal year revenues are expected to top $40 billion.
Through dozens of acquisitions, Ellison widened Oracle's portfolio of business software to include tools for customer service, human resources and business intelligence, investing tens of billions of dollars to acquire PeopleSoft, Siebel Systems and other tech companies.
But in recent years, Ellison has stumbled. Investors widely criticized his $7.4 billion acquisition of Sun Microsystems in 2010 after sales of Sun servers and other equipment fell after the deal.
Ellison famously mocked cloud computing as "complete gibberish" in a 2008 tirade after a Wall Street analyst asked him to comment on the new phenomenon, a broad term referring to the delivery of computer services via the Internet from remote data centers.
Since his remarks, cloud computing has become a driving force in enterprise software and Oracle is struggling to build out its own cloud offerings to catch up with smaller rivals.
Ellison, who battled big rivals IBM and SAP for most of his tenure, appeared to change his tune this year, when he called Amazon.com and Salesforce.com the company's most immediate threat.
(Reuters)

BSE Sensex extends gains  up 73 pts as sentiment remains upbeatBSE Sensex erased early gains to end 21.79 points down on losses in capital goods, oil & gas, and realty shares. Reuters
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 19, 2014 12:38 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 4:48 pm
The BSE Sensex today erased early gains to end 21.79 points down on losses in capital goods, oil & gas, and realty shares but recent gains helped the benchmark log its sixth week of gains, the longest in over two years.
After opening in the positive zone at 27,139.39, the Sensex surged to touch the day’s high of 27,247.17 on continued buying by foreign funds and retail investors on positive domestic and global cues.
However, late selling at improved levels wiped off initial gains to close 21.79 points, or 0.08 per cent, down at 27,090.42. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 27,047.68.
The gauge rallied 619.70 points in previous two sessions on the back of rising optimism over trade ties with China and Fed’s continued pledge to retain rates at low levels.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex gained 29.37 points as it registered its sixth straight week of rise.
The 50-share NSE Nifty index managed to close in positive zone with a marginal gain of 6.70 points, or 0.08 per cent, at 8,121.45 as TCS, Lupin, Maruti Suzuki, Tata Steel, Axis Bank and Cipla stocks gained.
The barometer moved between 8,160.90 and 8,105.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Sentiments turned somewhat weak and early gains were pared after participants preferred to book profits in recent gainers at prevailing higher levels, equity brokers said.
“Profit-booking in bluechips at current levels, brought Sensex down”, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based broker.
Overall, 13 constituents of 30-share Sensex like L&T, HeroMoto Corp, Hind Unilever, Mahindra and Mahindra, ONGC, SBI, Tata Motors, RIL and BHEL fell while 17 others rose.
Shares of Tata Steel and TCS caught buyers’ fancy after Moody’s yesterday upgraded ratings of Tata Group firms.
Sectorally, the BSE Capital Goods index suffered the most by falling 1.89, followed by the Oil & Gas index that fell 1.22 per cent, Realty index 0.81 per cent, Auto index 0.70 per cent, Metal index 0.50 per cent, FMCG index by 0.40 per cent and Power index 0.40 per cent.
Bucking the trend, small-cap and mid-cap indices rose 0.63 and 0.04 per cent.
Globally, other Asian markets ended higher and European markets were in better form.
 

No ratings upgrade anytime soon  but India s outlook may be revised: Here s whyCredit Rating
(Ratings agencies typically…)
NEW DELHI: Spurred by a flurry of positive macroeconomic data and riding on the new-found optimism in the economy, PM Narendra Modi's government has pitched for a credit ratings upgrade. India's economy expanded at its fastest pace - 5.7% - in more than two years in the April-June quarter, had last year narrowly avoided a ratings downgrade to 'junk' status.
The finance ministry's pitch to the rating agency focused on three aspects - revival of growth, fiscal consolidation and effective inflation management. While most analysts are of the consensus that the economy is looking up - green shoots of recovery are emerging from across sectors - they also feel that it is too early for ratings agencies to take a call on revising India's credit rating outlook.
S&P currently rates India as 'BBB-', the lowest in the investment grade, with a negative outlook. Moody's assigns a 'Baa3' rating on India, with a stable outlook. Fitch has affirmed India's long-term foreign and local currency issuer default rating (IDR) at 'BBB-' with stable outlook, indicating low default risk.
Ratings agencies typically look at economic parameters like fiscal deficit, Current Account Deficit (CAD), inflation and growth outlook, while deciding the investment grade for a country. It these very indicators that are yet to stabilise and show a sustained trend in recovery, feel analysts. However, a consensus exists that while it is pre-mature for agencies to upgrade India, a revision in outlook by S&P may be on the cards.
Mythili Bhusnurmath, Consulting Editor with ET Now, says that while a ratings upgrade is unlikely, a revision in outlook is quite possible. "All three major economic parameters; inflation, current account deficit and growth have improved," Mythili told Economictimes.com.
"On paper the economic fundamentals have improved drastically. A review in the outlook is certainly warranted," she said.
Radhika Rao, Economist at DBS Bank seconds the view saying, "In terms of immediate action, a clear reform agenda and growth recovery might see Standard & Poor's raise the outlook back to 'stable' from 'negative' in later part of this year but a rating upgrade is some distance away."
"It is early to conclude that recent developments warrant a rating upgrade. We expect the agencies to be in a wait-and-watch mode as implementation of the reform agenda remains key to ensure return to sustainable growth whilst keeping twin deficits in check," she says.
But, if economic fundamentals have become benign, then what can possibly stop agencies from upgrading India's credit rating?
Dr. Arun Singh, Senior Economist at Dun & Bradstreet is of the opinion that fiscal deficit is still high and beyond tolerable limit. "We still have to bring the fiscal deficit down to pre-2008 levels," Singh told Economictimes.com. "The slowdown in industrial production might lead to revenue short fall during current fiscal year. The expenditure on the other hand, continues to be high," he added.
The fiscal deficit touched 61.2 per cent of full year Budget Estimates or over Rs 3.24 lakh crore in end July. Yet another factor is the CAD which widened sequentially in the April-June quarter, as imports started picking up. CAD was 1.7% of gross domestic product at $7.8 billion in the fiscal first quarter.
  According to Mythili, while CAD had dipped and growth has picked up, both the parameters are at risk of deteriorating. "Restrictions on gold imports have artificially compressed CAD. The moment they are removed, gold imports would go up," she says. However, she is quick to add that favourable global crude oil prices will limit the extent to which CAD would rise.
Yet another aspect to the improving growth picture is the impact of a sub-normal monsoon not being factored in yet. "Growth has improved, but the IIP indicates that manufacturing declined in July. Growth for the entire financial year may not touch 6%, but remain around 5.5%," Mythili says.
The Index of Industrial Production (IIP) rose 0.5 per cent in July from a year ago, the slowest in four months. Although July industrial growth numbers are a dampener, indicators for August suggest this could be a blip.
Meanwhile, wholesale inflation slowed the most in about five years as commodity and crude prices continued to decline, raising hopes that sticky consumer inflation may start moderating as well.
Inflation based on the wholesale price index (WPI) came in at 3.74 per cent in August, a sharp drop from 5.19 per cent in July, and lowest since October 2009. Retail inflation, the key policy determinant, has been declining less quickly, registering at 7.8 per cent in August versus nearly 8 per cent in July.

Jet Airways (India) announced upgrade of rating of Line of CreditJet Airways (India) announced upgrade of rating of Line of Credit
Islamic State releases new video of BritishhostagePrint
In this still image taken from an undated video published on the Internet by Al-Furqan, the media arm of the Islamic State group militants, captive British journalist John Cantlie speaks into the camera on the first of what he says will be a series of lecture-like "programs" in which he says he will reveal "the truth" about the Islamic State group. The Arabic subtitle reads "I am a prisoner and that is something I will not deny." (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 19, 2014 3:47 pm
The Islamic State (IS) militant group has released a new video showing another British journalist who says he is being held hostage by the extremists.
In the video, the hostage who identifies himself as John Cantlie, is sitting behind a desk as he speaks to the camera. The hostage, dressed in orange, says he wanted “to convey some facts”.
Cantlie, who in 2012 escaped an earlier kidnapping in Syria, asks why he and others have been abandoned by the US and UK governments.
The IS, which now controls roughly a third of Syria and Iraq, has beheaded two US journalists and a British aid worker and has threatened to kill another British captive named Alan Henning.
No IS militants are seen in the video, which is titled “Lend Me Your Ears” and is addressed to the Western public.
“After two disastrous and hugely unpopular wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, why is it that our governments appear so keen to get involved in yet another unwinnable conflict?” he says.
The photojournalist also makes clear that he is under duress –- and that he does not know whether he will succeed in his attempt to avoid being murdered.
“Now I know what you are thinking, you are thinking: ‘He’s only doing this because he’s a prisoner. He’s got a gun at his head and he’s being forced to do this,’ right?” he says.
“Well it’s true I am a prisoner. That I cannot deny. But seeing as I have been abandoned by my government and my fate now lies in the hands of Islamic State I have nothing to lose.
Maybe I will live and maybe I will die, but I want to take this opportunity to convey some facts that you can verify.
Facts that if you contemplate might help preserving lives.” He also says this is the first of several of what he calls programmes in which he will explain the philosophy of IS.
The video featuring Cantlie has been released nearly a week after footage depicting the death of David Haines, the first British hostage to be killed.
It was in that video that the life of Henning, a 47-year-old taxi driver from Salford in northern continued…

Scotland s votes "no" on independence  spurring relief rallyEMAIL
 
Ballot boxes are brought for vote counting at the Emirates Sports Arena in Glasgow on Sept. 18, 2014, after the polls close in the referendum on Scotland’s independence. The question for voters at Scotland’s more than 5,000 polling stations is “Should Scotland be an independent country?” and they are asked to mark either “Yes” or “No”. The result was “No.” AFP PHOTO/ANDY BUCHANANAndy Buchanan/AFP/Getty Images ORG XMIT: 3163 ORIG FILE ID: 533540529
Financial markets around the globe breathed a sigh of relief as Scotland voted against  becoming an independent country, a news flash that removed much of the political and economic risk a separation from the U.K.would have caused.
In a 55% to 45% vote, Scotland voters opted to keep its more than 300-year-old union with Britain intact, ending a period of massive uncertainty for markets, especially those centered in London.
After the vote, stocks in London rose sharply, with the benchmark FTSE 100 index gaining nearly 0.8% to 6870. The blue-chip London stock gauge has now rallied nearly 2% since its recent low hit Tuesday on fears Scotland would vote “yes” for independence. Other major European stock indexes also rose, with Germany’s DAX up o.8%, the CAC in Paris 0.5% higher and the broader Stoxx 600 index up 0.8%.
The British pound also rallied sharply vs. the U.S. dollar, although much of the gains came Thursday in anticipation of the “no” vote and a strong relief rally once the vote results were announced Friday. The pound rose to 1.64 up from 1.6383 Thursday to its highest level since Sept. 3. At the peak of the fear surrounding Scotland’s possible exit from the U.K. the pound had fallen as low as 1.606.
Pre-market trading on Wall Street also pointed to a sympathy rally. In futures trading before the opening bell, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 70 points, or 0.4%, after hitting its 17th record of the year in Thursday trading at 17,265.99. The S&P 500-stock index was also trading up in the pre-market by 0.3%. The broad U.S. market gauge is also coming off a record-setting performance, notching its 34th record close of 2014 Thursday.
U.S. markets are eagerly awaiting the first day of trading for Alibaba, the Chinese Internet giant that priced its shares Thursday night at $68 per share, which means it will raise $21.8 billion, making it the largest U.S. IPO in history.
The “no” vote for independence in Scotland doesn’t put an end to all the political risks in the U.K., but what it does do is eliminate all the financial uncertainties surrounding a breakup, ranging from impacts on currencies and the divvying up of financial assets shared by Scotland and other U.K. members.

How patent law and the dysfunctional US congress is killing private space researchSpace Business
September 19, 2014
The International Space Station, which will mark its 16th year in orbit this year, cost  an estimated $150 billion  to build and maintain (with $75 billion invested by the US alone), but private companies have only spent $14,505 on research performed in the station’s orbital laboratory.
That meager amount will exacerbate the challenge of funding the station’s operations in the years ahead. The number emerged from an audit of the ISS program by the inspector general at NASA, the US space agency.
The audit found that NASA is likely low-balling the cost estimates for keeping the ISS aloft and fully functioning, as it transitions to relying on the private sector to transport astronauts and cargo to the station. Given the costs, it is key to maximize the benefits—and one of the challenges is that the Center for Advancement of Science in Space, the organization in charge of managing the laboratory onboard ISS since 2011, has had minimal success in recruiting private firms to perform research in micro-gravity conditions.
Despite offering financial incentives, CASIS has attracted very little interest—just the $14,505 mentioned above, along with unfulfilled pledges for $8.2 million in funding. The audit identifies several reasons for this, including advances that make it possible to perform experiments on things like protein crystallization in earthbound labs. But the biggest obstacle is that NASA initially said that it would own both the patents and the data related to any research on the station, a major buzz-kill for companies interested in applied research.
In 2012, the NASA relinquished its claim on patents, but reserved the rights to research data. The move didn’t prove effective at spurring more research. Last year, NASA asked Congress to change the law governing space research to make clear that users of the laboratory retain full rights to the results of their research. “These revisions would help to alleviate commercial stakeholders’ concerns  over data rights, which in turn may increase commercial utilization of the ISS,” the audit notes, but no bill has been introduced to make this change, and Congressional leaders have said it will not take up space legislation until next year.
There is at least some good news: Utilization of research space on the station and the time spent on research by astronauts has been on an upward trend, with 80.7% of the lab space utilized and 44.3 hours of research performed per week during the most recently completed mission.
Share this:

All the irresponsible things Marissa Mayer could do with Yahoos Alibaba IPO windfallJohn McDuling @jmcduling
September 19, 2014
Once the dust from Alibaba’s mammoth IPO is settled, Yahoo is going to have a lot more cash to play with.  The US internet company was expected to sell nearly 140 million shares into the eagerly anticipated offering last night, raising $9 billion , for after-tax proceeds of at least $6 billion.
The company has already pledged to return half of the IPO proceeds to shareholders (presumably through dividends and buybacks.) That will leave CEO Marissa Mayer with $3 billion-plus to play with (in addition to the $4 billion in cash already sitting on Yahoo’s balance sheet.)
Just to stress, these are entirely speculative options. We reached out to Yahoo for comment, but (unsurprisingly) did not get any response. At any rate, here is what she could do:
Buy AOL
A tie-up between Yahoo and AOL has been talked about for years  (paywall), although Yahoo  flat out denied  any interest as recently as two months ago.  It is not a particularly inspiring option, and talking to observers, you do not get the sense it would excite people.  Yahoo is still the second-biggest digital property in the US, according to the latest numbers from comScore. Its problem isn’t traffic, it is making money from its traffic. And it’s not clear how buying AOL, the owner of the Huffington Post and a bunch of other websites, would change that.
Still, the talk won’t go away and, yesterday, AOL shares even shot up on vague analyst speculation that it would make sense. Jefferies internet analyst Brian Pitz has been pushing the idea for years but now thinks it might be difficult.”The complicating factor of Marissa in the CEO seat now makes it much more challenging as we are not sure [AOL CEO] Tim [Armstrong] is ready to give up the post to Yahoo,” he tells Quartz in an email. “But anything could happen, especially if it would make an Alibaba divestiture tax free” Pitz said that while a tie up makes sense on paper there would likely be many other complicating factors, including board approval, cost savings, and of course, agreeing a price.
Buy Yelp
Earlier this year, Yahoo was linked with Yelp by Re/Code’s well-connected editor Kara Swisher. The companies went on to establish a strategic partnership , which may mean there is no reason for Yahoo to consider an acquisition anymore.  The other problem: Yahoo probably can’t afford it. Yelp is currently valued at about $5.5 billion by the stock market. Assuming a decent takeover premium and you get pretty close to wiping almost all of Yahoo’s cash.
Sign up more expensive talent; order more comedies
One area where Yahoo, under Mayer, has been investing heavily internally is in video. Despite its huge overall traffic, Yahoo lags Google  in video traffic and in video advertising (where rates are generally higher than Yahoo’s traditional display ads.)
The company hired TV news anchor Katie Couric to spearhead a new live news channel. It struck deals with Live Nation and Taylor Swift to stream live concerts online. It has even ordered its own, Netflix-style original series—both comedies—and they actually sound quite promising . Other Space is a galactic adventure set in the 22nd century, made by the people behind Freaks and Geeks, while Sin City Saints is described as “an off-beat comedy set in the front office of a fictional pro basketball expansion team.” If Yahoo really wanted to be irresponsible, why not go all out on original video content, an area that is starting to look increasingly crowded?
Continue the acqui-hire binge
Yahoo has actually bought about 40 companies since Mayer took over. The only one that was significant from a shareholder perspective was its $1.1 billion purchase of the blogging platform Tumblr. For the most part, the rest have been acqui-hires of engineers and product managers, acquisitions Yahoo thinks have helped solve its talent problem . But it would take a long time to burn through all of its money by sticking to small deals like these, and not do anything to help its revenue problem.
Do nothing
Yahoo’s core business is shrinking. Revenue has declined for 13 of the past 16 quarters and four of the past five fiscal years. Yahoo’s share price is up about 170% in the Mayer era—but that’s mainly due to its stake in Alibaba. Yes, Yahoo will retain a 16% stake in the Chinese e-commerce giant, but starting from tomorrow, if an investor wants exposure to the Alibaba story, there is no need to bother with Yahoo anymore, it can just simply buy shares of Alibaba. That means the easy ride higher is probably over, and more scrutiny around Yahoo’s core business in the months and quarters ahead. Doing nothing would not be a sensible option. Many shareholders probably would like to see all of the Alibaba proceeds returned to them. But that is probably not going to happen either.
Buy something in advertising technology
Yahoo has talked at length about helping make the complicated online-advertising world easier to navigate and took steps to reboot its ad technology business earlier this year. Video-ad technology startups are among the speculated possibilities . Valuations are relatively cheap and companies actually generate revenue.”The good news about ad tech is there are a lot of real businesses,” Pivotal Research Group’s Brian Wieser  told Reuters  yesterday.
Actually, this sounds quite sensible.
Share this:

Sanguine Media to consider stock splitSep 19, 2014, 03.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sanguine Media to consider stock split
Sanguine Media Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014, inter alia, to consider sub - division of shares.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sanguine Media to consider stock split
Sanguine Media Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014, inter alia, to consider sub - division of shares.
Post your opinion here
 
Sanguine Media Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014, inter alia, to consider sub - division of shares.Source : BSE

Esteem Bio Organic Food: Outcome of AGMSep 19, 2014, 03.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Esteem Bio Organic Food: Outcome of AGM
Esteem Bio Organic Food Processing Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 19, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Esteem Bio Organic Food: Outcome of AGM
Esteem Bio Organic Food Processing Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 19, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Esteem Bio Organic Food Processing Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 19, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

AIR news could be used by FM channels: JavadekarWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Renu Sud Karnad ceases to be independent director at Akzo NobelHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Renu Sud Karnad ceases to be independent director at Akzo Nobel
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
Renu Sud Karnad, Independent Director, Akzo Nobel India Ltd, resigned from the company's board with effect from September 9, 2014, said the company in an exchange filing.
This was due to the limitation on the number of board memberships held by an Independent Director as mandated under the new rules, the statement added.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Make Assam Gas Cracker project operational by June next: AnanthMake Assam Gas Cracker project operational by June next: Ananth
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
Reviewing the progress of Brahmaputra Crackers and Polymers Ltd’s (BCPL) Rs 10,000 crore petrochemical project in Assam, Fertiliser Minister Ananth Kumar has asked the stakeholders that project should become operational by June 2015.
The project named as Assam Gas Cracker Project was approved by the government in April 2006 at Lepetkata, near Dibrugarh Assam, with GAIL having 70 per cent equity participation in the project and the rest equally shared by Oil India Ltd (OIL), Numaligarh Refinery Ltd (NRL) and the Government of Assam.
According to sources, the minister took serious note of delay in completion of the project and directed the concerned to adhere to the timeliness for completion of the project without any further delay so as to achieve the mechanical completion of the project by November, 2014 and commissioning by June 2015.
After the Cabinet approval in 2006, the project was scheduled to be completed in December 2013.
The review meeting was attended by the heads of implementing agencies namely GAIL, OIL, NRL, Govt of Assam, EIL and BHEL.
However, sources added that so far 97.8 per cent of the project has been completed.
The Assam Gas Cracker Project will be the first ever petrochemicals project in the entire North-East at Lepetkata near Dibrugarh in Assam.
The feedstock for the project will be natural gas and naphtha. OIL and ONGC will supply gas and naphtha shall be supplied by NRL.
Amid delays in completion of the project, the board of BCPL has also approved to submit a proposal for enhancement of the capital cost to Rs 9,586.25 crore and this will be second time the cost of project will be enhanced.
The Assam Gas Cracker Project was initiated in pursuance of the Memorandum of Settlement signed between Central Government, All Assam Students Union (AASU) and All Assam Gana Parishad (AAGP) on 15th August 1985.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Bengal s Safe Investment Scheme gets lukewarm responseBengal's Safe Investment Scheme gets lukewarm response
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 19:  
The ‘Safe Investment Scheme”, launched by the West Bengal Government in November last year, has fetched lukewarm response.
In the aftermath of Saradha scam, in which a large number of small investors had lost their money, the State Government through one of its arms – West Bengal Infrastructure Finance Development Corporation, a deposit taking NBFC – had launched the scheme in 2013.
Biswajit Maity, Financial Advisor & Chief Accounts Officer, told BusinessLine on the sidelines of an Assocham event that so far some 3,000 deposits had been made under the scheme. “The total amount of such investment was still insignificant," he added.
The scheme, aimed at small savers depositing between Rs 1,000 and Rs 25,000, carries coupon rate of 9 per cent for one-year tenure and 9.25 per cent for 2 to 5-year terms. The product was to be distributed through UBI branches.
WBIDFC was now looking at other distribution channels such as agents for financial products as well as business correspondents at district and sub-divisional levels.
“We are also considering use of handheld electronic devices that can transmit money through debit cards and issue deposit receipts”, he added. WBIDFC is also putting in place a system that can help implement the know-your-customer norms.
“We are in the process of building a distribution team and appropriate training programme," the official added. WBIDFC was allowing a distribution commission of 1 per cent, double that of normal compensation of such products in the market.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

JSW has handful of potential targets on radar for acquisitionJSW has handful of potential targets on radar for acquisition
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 02:30 PM IST
Set to foray into European market with the acquisition of an Italian steel firm, JSW Steel has on its radar a handful of potential companies for takeover both in the space of steel making as well as raw material.
The Sajjan Jindal-led firm, which announced a deal last month to acquire all of Welspun Maxsteel for Rs 1,000 crore, has already submitted the final binding bid to acquire some assets of Italy's Lucchini.
"We have given the final binding bid to the government of Italy. We are awaiting their response. We have to go to their committees and then it will be concluded. I think, by end of next month, the deal would be concluded," Jindal said on the sidelines of an event, organised by the CII, here.
Earlier in the week, Jindal had said JSW Steel was in a "very positive way" looking at acquisition of another Italian steel firm, Ilva, having 10 million tonnes per annum capacity, and would start due diligence.
While the Lucchini acquisition could cost below USD 100 million, the buying of Ilva would need "very big investment as it has lot of liabilities and it's a very complex project," he had said.
Asked about targets for future acquisition, Jindal said, "There are many such units which are potential takeover targets. We are looking at them and if they fit into our policy and our canvas, then we look at them. These are mostly in Europe."
JSW Steel, which has 14.3 million tonnes a year capacity now, has been facing iron ore shortage to feed its plants located in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra and as such, recently started importing the key steel-making raw material.
"We are always open to various ideas. We are looking at various ideas, but nothing has materialised as yet. We are looking at iron ore assets all over -- in Australia, Africa, North America and South America," Jindal said.
On Maxsteel, he said, "We have already applied to the Competition Commission of India and once we get the approval and then we will take over the company.

Xi calls for harmony on India-China border issueXi calls for harmony between India, China on border dispute
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 16:06 IST
Chinese President Xi Jinping (Photo: Reuters)
If the "Chinese dragon" and the "Indian elephant" co-exist harmoniously, it will not only benefit 2.5 billion people in the two nations but also have far-reaching impact in the region and the world, Chinese President Xi Jinping said in the natinal capital on Thursday.
"Both China and India are influential countries in the world. When our two nations speak with one voice, the whole world will listen attentively," China's official Xinhua news agency quoted Xi as telling Prime Minister Narendra Modi during their talks.
If the "Chinese dragon" and the "Indian elephant" co-exist harmoniously and realise peaceful, cooperative development , it will benefit 2.5 billion people in the two nations as well as those in other developing countries, and will have far- reaching effect in the region and the world as a whole, the Chinese President said.
The report said that China and India have decided to step up trade and investment engagement to forge a closer development partnership despite their border disputes "left over by history".
"On border issue, the two countries should continue to carry out friendly consultation to seek a fair and reasonable solution that both sides can accept," Xi, also General Secretary of the ruling Communist Party of China, said.
"Before the border issue is eventually solved, we should jointly manage and control our disputes in a proper way and maintain peace and tranquility in the border regions. We should not let the border issue affect our bilateral relations," Xi said as tension persisted in Chumar area in northeast Ladakh where Chinese troops were reported to have stepped up their presence on Thursday camping at three places in the domestic territory and refusing to vacate.
India asserts that the border dispute covered about 4,000 km, while China claims that it confined to about 2,000 km to the area of Arunachal Pradesh, which it refers as Southern Tibet.
The report also noted that the two Asian neighbours have agreed on investment in India's railways, industrial parks and the adjustment of their trade imbalance.

J&K Floods: Death toll climbs to277Kashmiri volunteers surround bodies of flood victims retrieved from the debris of a collapsed house in Srinagar, Kashmir on Monday, Sept. 15, 2014. (Source: AP Photo)
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:10 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 5:46 pm
The death toll due to the floods in Jammu and Kashmir has climbed to 277 even as Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Friday expressed hope that the toll would not be as high as feared earlier.
“The death toll in Jammu is 203 including the 44 members of a marriage party who are missing since there bus as washed away (in Rajouri district),” Omar said.
He said the rescue workers have so far recovered 74 bodies from different parts of Kashmir Valley.
“Other than the 44 persons from Jammu, we do not have many people reported missing.If there would have been, we would have got to know by as communication systems have started working,” he said.
A shopkeeper tries to pull a submerged clock from the flooded road of business hub of Lal Chowk in Srinagar on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Omar also dismissed rumours that dogs were eating bodies of flood victims or that some bodies had swept away to Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK).
“There is no truth in these rumours,” he added.

Heres how iPhone 6 Plus looks frominsideLike previous iPhones, the iPhone 6 Plus uses a Qualcomm 4G LTE modem.
Reuters | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:06 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 4:13 pm
Apple’s iPhone 6 Plus uses chips from Qualcomm, Skyworks Solutions , Avago Technologies and other companies, according to gadget repair firm iFixit, which pried one of the devices open in Melbourne early on Friday.
Apple said it received a record 4 million first-day pre-orders for the new phones, double the number for the iPhone 5 two years ago, underscoring investors’ expectations the new handset will maintain the Silicon Valley company’s stellar growth.
The interior of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus is shown during a product teardown by iFixit in Melbourne, Australia. Credit: REUTERS/iFixit
The company is releasing a 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. They will support more than 200 telecoms carriers worldwide, with sales launching in Australia on Friday morning and then in the United States and other countries.
Like previous iPhones, the iPhone 6 Plus uses a Qualcomm 4G LTE modem, according to iFixit.
Dissembling the device in a Mac repair shop after lining up overnight to buy a phone, iFixit technicians also discovered a Murata wifi module, a Broadcom touchscreen controller, and chips from Skyworks, Avago and TriQuint.
The A8 processor of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus is shown during a product teardown by iFixit in Melbourne, Australia. Credit: REUTERS/iFixit
News that a supplier has been chosen – or rejected – for one of Apple’s products can sometimes cause drastic swings in stock prices. Apple doesn’t disclose which companies make the components that go into its smartphones. It also imposes strict rules forbidding its suppliers from discussing Apple-related business with investors and the media.
Shares of GT Advanced Technologies Inc, a mineral crystal specialist, slumped 13 percent on Sept 9 after some investors were surprised the US company’s scratch-resistent sapphire glass was not being used on the new iPhones.
The rear-facing camera of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus is shown during a product teardown by iFixit in Melbourne, Australia. Credit: REUTERS/iFixit
The phones launched on Friday are Apple’s first to include NFC radio chips used for the new Apple Pay mobile payment platform. The NFC chip in the iPhone 6 Plus comes from NXP Semiconductors, according to iFixit, in line with most investors’ expectations.
NXP also supplies a motion co-processor, key to making the iPhone’s sensors work without draining its battery, iFixit said.
As in other iPhones, Apple has designed its own main processor with technology licensed from ARM Holdings and in this device it is the A8 chip.
The back of the logic board of the Apple iPhone 6 Plus is shown during a product teardown by iFixit in Melbourne, Australia. Credit: REUTERS/iFixit
The iPhone 6 Plus opened by iFixit also included a NAND flash memory chip, used for storing music and photos, made by SK Hynix. Apple in the past has depended on multiple companies to supply its memory chips.
Raymond James analysts expects sales of iPhone 6 and larger iPhone 6 Plus to top 9 million in the first weekend.
As well as Apple’s stores, AT&T Inc, Sprint Corp , T-Mobile US Inc and Verizon Wireless in the United States will start selling the phones on Friday.

Jack Ma takes on some of world s profitable ...You are here: Home > Collections > Ebay
After targeting eBay, Alibaba's Jack Ma takes on some of world's most profitable banks
New York Times Sep 19, 2014, 04.10PM IST
Tags:
(His business, the newly…)
By Neil Gough
HONG KONG: When Jack Ma started a new retail site to rival eBay's dominance in China, he called it "a fight between an ant and an elephant." Ma, the chairman of Alibaba Group, even briefly considered making the site's mascot the ant.
He soon prevailed, with eBay eventually closing its Chinese operations. Years later, Alibaba's online retail venture, Taobao, is China's largest shopping site - a position that helped Ma pull off a record-setting initial public offering Thursday.
Now, Ma is going up against another giant by shaking up China's state-dominated finance industry.
His business, the newly named Zhejiang Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group, processes payments, sells insurance and runs one of the world's largest money market funds. In doing so, the company is going head-to-head with some of the world's most profitable banks, operating in highly regulated markets and standing against competitors largely owned by the Chinese government.
It is a precarious position. Although Beijing has pledged more financial liberalization, Ma risks government displeasure if his company moves in ways that run counter to powerful state firms or regulators.
"Jack Ma has clearly disrupted the banking sector in China, and if he didn't have the right political clout to do that, he would have been crushed already," said Paul Gillis, a professor at the Guanghua School of Management at Peking University. "How far he can go with it" remains to be seen, Gillis added.
The payoff could be huge. Zhejiang Ant, a stand-alone company that is controlled by Ma and shares profits with Alibaba, could be worth an estimated $25 billion.
It is also making significant inroads. Through Alipay in China, the company already processes nearly four times the amount of payments that eBay's PayPal unit does globally. It is also winning deposits away from state banks by paying higher interest rates on investments in Yu'e Bao, a money-market fund that has grown to be one of the world's largest in just over a year. It is branching into online transfers, making loans to small businesses, developing other investment products and laying plans to open one of China's first private banks.
"Alipay has become the default payment platform for the majority of users for nearly every online or mobile e-commerce transaction, and an increasing number of offline transactions as well - I even use Alipay to pay my rent and utilities," said Zennon Kapron, the managing director of Kapronasia, a financial industry consulting firm based in Shanghai. "Banks are already facing challenges in maintaining profitability and credit quality, and they definitely recognize Alipay and Yu'e Bao as a threat."
At the core of this budding financial services empire is Alipay. In the 12 months that ended in June, the business processed $778 billion worth of payments in China, only 30 percent of that related to Alibaba's online shopping websites. By comparison, eBay's PayPal unit - which does not have a license in China but handles transactions in more than 100 currencies across 203 markets globally - processed $203 billion in payments during the same period.
Ashley Wang, 22, a television editor in Beijing, started using Alipay six years ago to shop on Taobao, the Alibaba site where independent vendors sell goods like clothing, household items and consumer electronics. Today, Wang uses Alipay for much more: paying her electricity, water and gas bills, buying airplane and train tickets and transferring funds quickly to and from the bank accounts of her friends or relatives or their Alipay accounts.
  Because she travels a lot and doesn't always carry her laptop, she often uses Alipay Wallet, a popular mobile payment app. The wallet app sends frequent updates to Wang's smartphone, as well as monthly summaries of her spending through Alipay.
"This is very annoying," Wang said. "Because you go back and you realize how much money you've spent on unnecessary purchases, on things you don't need."
Wang said the money in her Alipay account was automatically transferred to Yu'e Bao, which translates as "leftover treasure," where it earns interest at a rate of a little more than 4 percent annually until she's ready to spend it. That compares with the 3.3 percent rate - capped by the government - that traditional banks can pay on a one-year fixed deposit and 0.35 percent for demand deposits, which can be withdrawn anytime.
"I don't mind letting the money stay there, although rates are decreasing," Wang said, referring to the returns on her Yu'e Bao account. "That's good enough for me. I haven't done any other investment at traditional banks."
While successful, the money market fund has also proven controversial. Critics have referred to online products like Yu'e Bao as "vampires sucking blood out of banks."

France strikes Islamic State group s depot i...France strikes Islamic State group's depot in Iraq
By AP | 19 Sep, 2014, 04.00PM IST
President Francois Hollande said Rafale fighter jets struck the depot in northeastern Iraq and the target was "entirely destroyed."
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
PARIS: France announced Friday it had conducted its first airstrike in Iraq and had destroyed a logistics depot held by the Islamic State group.
The office of President Francois Hollande said Rafale fighter jets struck the depot in northeastern Iraq on Friday morning and the target was "entirely destroyed."
"Other operations will follow in the coming days," said Hollande's office in a statement. It did not elaborate on the type of material at the depot or its exact location.
At a news conference a day earlier, Hollande said France had agreed to "soon" conduct airstrikes requested by Iraq to bolster its fight against IS fighters who have captured swaths of the country.
He stressed that France wouldn't go beyond airstrikes in support of the Iraqi military or Kurdish Peshmerga forces, and wouldn't attack targets in Syria , where IS has also captured territory.
French jets on Monday began flying reconnaissance missions over Iraq involving Rafales and an ATL2 surveillance plane, military spokesman Col. Gilles Jaron said.

BSE IT Index gains over 4% in 3 daysBSE IT Index gains over 4% in 3 days
U.S. Scouts For Investments From IndiaU.S. Scouts For Investments From India
Select copra declined on lower demandSelect copra declined on lower demand
Shree Global Tradefin allots 64.07 lakh equity shares on conversion of warrantsShree Global Tradefin allots 64.07 lakh equity shares on conversion of warrants
Gold and silver futures down on weak global cuesGold and silver futures down on weak global cues
UCO Bank mulls sending wilful defaulter notice to KFAUCO Bank mulls sending wilful defaulter notice to KFA
Drugmaker GSK says fined 490 million in China graft probeDrugmaker GSK says fined 490 million in China graft probe
Sensex remains flat; TCS up  L&T downSensex remains flat; TCS up  L&T down
KLRF: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 19, 2014, 04.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
KLRF: Updates on outcome of AGM
KLRF Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of 52nd Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 18, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
KLRF: Updates on outcome of AGM
KLRF Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of 52nd Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 18, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
KLRF Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of 52nd Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 18, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Affordable  thriving cities across the countryAffordable, thriving cities across the country
Caption Corpus Christi, Texas
Denis Tangney/Getty
Affordable housing is a big selling point for Corpus Christi, which sits beside the Gulf of Mexico in South Texas.
Affordable housing is a big selling point for Corpus Christi, which sits beside the Gulf of Mexico in South Texas. (Denis Tangney/Getty)
Caption Round Rock, Texas
Kimberly Brotherman/Getty
Located in central Texas, Round Rock has plenty to offer anyone looking for an affordable place to live and work.
Located in central Texas, Round Rock has plenty to offer anyone looking for an affordable place to live and work. (Kimberly Brotherman/Getty)
The job market in Lincoln, Neb., is booming.
The job market in Lincoln, Neb., is booming. (Eric Francis/Getty)
Caption Norman, Okla.
Brett Deering/Getty
When it comes to finding things to do in Norman, Okla., residents have lots of frugal options, many of which revolve around their beloved Sooners.
When it comes to finding things to do in Norman, Okla., residents have lots of frugal options, many of which revolve around their beloved Sooners. (Brett Deering/Getty)
Caption Temple, Texas
Temple Convention & Visitors Bureau
Temple, Texas, has the second-lowest overall cost of living and the second-lowest median home value, at a mere $113,200.
Temple, Texas, has the second-lowest overall cost of living and the second-lowest median home value, at a mere $113,200. (Temple Convention & Visitors Bureau)
Job Market Unemployment and Layoffs Oklahoma Sooners Berkshire Hathaway Inc. North Carolina Tar Heels
The cheapest places to live aren't necessarily the best places to live. Cities with super-low living costs can suffer from high unemployment, poverty and a lack of services. So while cost of living is an important consideration in choosing where you settle down, it's equally important to gauge the strength of the local economy and the job market.
With this in mind, we set out to identify inexpensive cities where you would actually want to live, based on economic health and affordability. We started with the 100 cheapest cities in the U.S., based on cost of living, and then whittled the list down. We required that each city have below-average living costs, high household incomes relative to the cost of living and an unemployment rate below the national average. We also looked for places that offer residents access to fun, low-cost things to do. Cities with populations below 50,000 didn't make the cut.
Round Rock, Texas
Cost of living: 9.4% below U.S. average
Median household income: $69,998 (U.S.: $53,046)
Unemployment rate: 4.4% (U.S.: 6.1%)
Why you'll like living here: Big-city salaries and the small-town prices. About 15 miles north of Austin, Round Rock has plenty to offer. Living costs are low — groceries, for example, are about 17 percent cheaper than the national average. Job prospects are promising. The area's major employers include Dell and motor-maker TECO-Westinghouse. Another financial perk of living in Texas: no state income tax.
Cheap family fun can be found at Round Rock Express baseball games, the triple-A affiliate of the Texas Rangers.
Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Cost of living: 8.1% below U.S. average
Median household income: $52,242
0
Why you'll like living here: There's a lot more to Iowa than cornfields and butter sculptures. High on the list is affordable housing. In Cedar Rapids, Iowa's second-largest city, the median home value is $131,300, about $50,000 less than the national median. Cheap houses make the city intriguing for young professionals and families, and the area's well-educated workforce is appealing to employers. Fortune 500 company Rockwell Collins is headquartered here, and the city also serves as the hub of Iowa's Creative Corridor.
The city has a high concentration of libraries, museums and parks.
Temple, Texas
Cost of living: 12.9% below U.S. average
Median household income: $51,192
Why you'll like living here: It's home to the only Macy's between Austin and Dallas.
The small Texas city, which is an hour's drive from Austin, has the second-lowest overall cost of living and the second-lowest median home value, at a mere $113,200.
Transportation costs are low too, clocking in a full 14 percent below the national average. That's welcome news to workers who commute to good-paying jobs at major area employers, such as Scott & White Health Care; Fikes Wholesale, a fuel supplier; and Wilsonart, a laminate-maker. A one-way trip on the city's public transportation system costs just $1.
Lincoln, Neb.
Cost of living: 10.3% below U.S. average
Median household income: $49,504
Why you'll like living here: Jobs, jobs and more jobs. The job market in Lincoln is booming. The Nebraska capital has the lowest unemployment rate of all the cities on this list, with the government doing much of the hiring. Private employers span several industries, including insurance, health care, transportation and manufacturing. An added bonus is that the city's average commute time to work is 17 minutes. After work, locals flock to the Railyard Entertainment District, which opened last year.
Finding a place to call home won't break the bank, either. The median home value is $142,200.
Norman, Okla.
Cost of living: 16.2% below U.S. average
Median household income: $48,248
Why you'll like living here: Two words: Go Sooners!
Jobs are plentiful and costs are low in this Oklahoma city. The unemployment rate is low, and no other city on this list beats Norman's exceptionally low cost of living. For example, overall housing costs are 28 percent lower than in the nation as a whole. The biggest employer is the University of Oklahoma. Residents have lots of frugal things to do, many of which revolve around their beloved Sooners.
Durham, N.C.
Cost of living: 7.3% below U.S. average
Median household income: $48,241
Why you'll like living here: Southern charm on a shoestring. Along with Raleigh and Chapel Hill, Durham is part of North Carolina's Research Triangle, which serves as the hub of the Tar Heel State's biotechnology industry. Forty percent of the region's biotech jobs are in Durham.
Living costs, such as utility and transportation expenses, are well below the national average, which helps offset higher housing prices.
Corpus Christi, Texas
Cost of living: 7.9% below U.S. average Median household income: $47,029
Why you'll like living here: Sitting beside the Gulf of Mexico in South Texas, Corpus Christi is sometimes referred to as the "Sparkling City by the Sea." The nearby Padre Island National Seashore offers miles of shoreline that are ripe for camping, fishing, birding and beachcombing. In town, the Bay Trail skirts the waterfront and connects many of the city's attractions. Affordable housing is a big selling point. The median home value is $112,700. The city government runs a program to help qualifying homebuyers with down payments and closing costs. Military facilities provide plenty of jobs, including jobs for civilians, as do hospitals, schools and city agencies. And given the proximity to the Gulf as well as Houston, it's no surprise there are ample employment opportunities in the offshore-drilling and petroleum-refining industries.
Omaha, Neb.
Cost of living: 12.8% below U.S. average
Median household income: $46,978
Why you'll like living here: It's good enough for Warren Buffett. The head of Berkshire Hathaway still resides in the Omaha home he purchased for $31,500 in 1958. Everyday items, such as groceries, will cost you much less in Omaha compared with most other cities.
Unemployment in Omaha runs a mere 3.9 percent. Berkshire Hathaway, ConAgra and Mutual of Omaha — all of which are Fortune 500 companies — are headquartered in the city.

BSE  NSE to Shift 2 UB Group Firms to Restricted Trade SegmentYou are here: Home Market
BSE, NSE to Shift 2 UB Group Firms to Restricted Trade Segment
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 18, 2014 15:11 (IST)
Mumbai: Leading bourses BSE and NSE have taken action against Vijay Mallya-led UB group firms Kingfisher Airlines and UB Engineering for non-compliance to timely reporting of financial results for two consecutive quarters.
The exchanges will shift these companies to restricted trade category or 'Z' segment from September 24.
Under 'Z' segment, no speculative trading is allowed and delivery of shares and payment of consideration amount are mandatory.
In a similar-worded circulars, the exchanges have said that these "scrips (Kingfisher Airlines and UB Engineering) will be transferred to 'Z' group with effect from Wednesday, September 24, 2014, due to non-compliance for two consecutive quarters i.e March 2014 and June 2014 for the Clause-41 of the Listing Agreement."
Clause-41 of the Listing Agreement deals with non-compliance to timely reporting of financial results.
Apart from Kingfisher Airlines and UB Engineering, BSE will shift another 25 companies including Arihants Securities, Birla Pacific Medspa, Pretto Leather Industries and Best & Crompton Engineering to the restricted trade category.
The National Stock Exchange has also announced similar action against another four companies California Software Company, Surya Pharmaceutical, Goenka Diamond & Jewels and Varun Industries. These companies are also part of the BSE list.
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 15:09 (IST)

Be a PET  don t use the bottleUpdated: September 18, 2014 16:43 IST
Be a PET, don't use the bottle
RIBHU VOHRA
PTI Plastic World: Instead of throwing the PET bottles away, turn them into useful things
INFOGRAPHIC
waste reduction
Where does a plastic bottle go after you use it? Does it sneak away, only to find itself in a landfill, or can you use it to make something else?
Everything we buy has a use, whether it is a plastic bottle with a refreshing drink or clothes that keep us warm in winter. But when we’re done using them, they become garbage. And most of us know very little about where our things really come from and what happens to them once they become garbage
Garbology is the study of the life of things we buy, use, and throw away. Today, let us take a look at the life cycle of a plastic bottle. It is made from PET plastic (polyethylene terephthalate) and can be identified by plastic resin code 1.
Plastic is made from oil found deep in the ground. This oil is sent to a factory where it is refined and then made into pellets of PET plastic, which are then sent to a bottle making factory where the plastic is heated and moulded into bottles. The bottles, when ready, go to a soft drink factory and then to a shop.
Shops keep PET soft drinks in a fridge and unlike glass, they do not need to return the bottles to the factory. So if you choose PET instead of glass, you can take your soft drink bottle along with you. Once most people have finished drinking the soft drink, they think the life of a plastic bottle ends there.
Up-cycle!
But plastic bottles can easily be washed and reused. Some people even make useful things — pen stands, flower pots, fish traps or lampshades. This is called up-cycling. If you put your plastic bottle in a separate waste bin, which does not have smelly and dirty food or garden waste, your bottle will stay clean. Waste collection workers like clean waste as it can be recycled. When you recycle, you take something which is waste and make something new. In India, factories use PET bottles to make polyester cloth, fleece and even the fibres used to fill pillows and cushions.
Be a hero. Fight pollution!
Reduce: Think before you buy. Do you need to buy a plastic bottle or can you buy the same drink in a glass bottle? Glass soft drink bottles get refilled up to 20 times each year which means you create 20 times less waste!
Reuse: If you need to buy a plastic bottle, try to find another use for it . You can fill it again or up-cycle it into something useful for you or your family.
Recycle: Finally, once you are done with your plastic bottle, put it in a separate waste bin. You can also earn some pocket money by selling your bottles to a scrap dealer. For example, one kg of PET bottles will fetch anywhere between Rs.25 and Rs.40.
Did you know
Recycling PET bottles uses two thirds less energy than making PET bottles from oil. Around 20 bottles (500ml) are needed to make one large t-shirt (similar to those worn by football teams in the world cup)!
In 2012, 19 million metric tons of PET plastic was produced globally. And only one in six bottles gets recycled.
If you throw your bottle carelessly on the roadside you will be littering. If you put your bottle in a bin with food or garden waste, it will get dirty and smelly. Such waste is not nice to touch and goes straight to a landfill.
Globally, five out of every six PET bottles end up in landfills. Landfills are polluting, spread diseases and are dangerous for us and all living things.

Bullish on Banks  IT Stocks: LIC ChairmanYou are here: Home Market
Bullish on Banks, IT Stocks, Says LIC Chairman
Reuters | Updated On: September 18, 2014 20:14 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Mumbai: The chairman of India's largest investor, Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC), said on Thursday he saw few red flags ahead, betting on a long-term rally for the country's stock market under a new pro-business government.
India's equity market has outperformed emerging market rivals this year, thanks to overseas fund interest fuelled by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who came to power in May with a pledge to boost growth and revive investment. After months of caution, domestic investors are now also growing more confident.
LIC Chairman S. K. Roy told Reuters he was "very bullish" about the banking, pharmaceutical, metals and IT outsourcing sectors because of expectations of a cyclical recovery and a stabilising rupee currency.
"There are a large number of sectors about which we are very confident this year," Mr Roy said in an interview.
The state-run life insurer also likes the capital goods sector and is looking develop its existing holding of more than 70 land plots in phases over the next three to five years, either for commercial or residential purposes, Roy added.
Mr Roy, who has been with the insurer more than three decades, added he saw few warning signs for markets, thanks to the government's commitment to contain the fiscal deficit and receding concerns about lower rainfalls in the monsoon period.
"The general perception in the country is that this rally will be around for some time," he said.
The growing confidence of India's domestic investors is seen as critical to sustain the strong performance of recent months, at a time of concern that overseas funds could start paring their holdings if the US Federal Reserve raises rates.
LIC plans to invest Rs 3 lakh crore in markets this year, of which 55,000 crore will be in shares, more than an estimated Rs 2.5 lakh crore last year. The bulk of its investments will go to government bonds, traditionally its biggest allocation.
Mr Roy added LIC was headed for a "very good year", both in terms of its market investments and its core insurance business. The chairman said he expected growth of 12 per cent in insurance premiums this fiscal year, in line with 13.4 per cent last year.
A Good Year
The strong endorsement from LIC, which has Rs 17.69 lakh crore ($290.29 billion) of assets under management, is a sign of a changing mood among domestic investors in India, which last year suffered its worst market turmoil since the 1991 balance of payment crisis.
LIC is a powerful market player in India whose moves shift sentiment, and who has also been known to step in to support markets at times of vulnerability.
Analysts say powerful domestic investors such as LIC will be critical to sustain a rally that has lifted Indian shares to record highs this year, as well as strength in bonds and the rupee - so far primarily driven by foreign investors.
India has been one of the best performing equity markets this year with the NSE index gaining about 28 per cent so far, compared with a 5 per cent increase in the MSCI emerging market index.
Equity mutual funds have seen Rs 19,442 crore ($3.19 billion) in domestic inflows this year, most of it over the past two months. That is well below the $14.14 billion bought by overseas funds, but marks a sharp change from two consecutive years of heavy outflows.
The confidence comes despite mixed data showing India's economy is recovering only slowly from its longest stretch of sub-par growth in decades.
Investors have also been somewhat disappointed by the lack of major policy reforms since PM Modi's election.
"It's a good sign and we can assume that at the current rate of inflows the markets will continue to gain and outperform," Atul Kumar, head of equity funds at Quantum AMC said.
"With so much domestic mobilization, you can expect the rally to spread out to smaller companies."
($1= Rs 60.94)

Banks open 40 mn accounts under Jan Dhan Yojana: FinMinBanks open 40 mn accounts under Jan Dhan Yojana: FinMin
Press Trust Of India | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 12:48 AM IST
The finance ministry on Thursday said 40 million bank accounts have been opened under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana and that banks have mobilised Rs 3,700 crore so far.
"Banks have opened 40 million accounts so far. Banks have mobilised about Rs 3,700 as deposits (in the accounts)... So, per account about Rs 900 deposits have been collected," Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu told reporters here.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had launched this ambitious scheme of financial inclusion on August 28.
The benefit of Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana can be extended to existing account holders without opening a new account.
The government is giving adequate publicity to the benefit to be extended to account holders, sources added.
The main features of the scheme include Rs 5,000 overdraft facility for Aadhar-linked accounts, RuPay Debit Card with in-built Rs 1 lakh accident insurance cover.
Besides, account holders under the scheme will get life insurance cover of Rs 30,000. This was additional benefit announced by the Prime Minister during the launch of the scheme.
Sandhu further said government was also considering transfer of kerosene oil and LPG subsidies directly in bank accounts.
Currently, the government subsidises the products so consumers can buy fuel below market price. Under direct benefit transfer, the consumer will be paid cash subsidy so he can buy kerosene and LPG at market price.

Four Mississippi sisters have been missing for days. Police believe they are in danger.By Sarah Larimer September 18 Follow @slarimer
Authorities in Mississippi say they are searching for four young girls who haven’t been seen in more than a week. The girls, ages 1 to 6, had previously been placed in protective custody, according to an Associated Press report .
“We have every reason to believe the children are in danger,” Canton Assistant Police Chief Juan Cloy told AP.
Their children’s mother and stepfather — Sonia Elisabeth Coronado and Fernando Coria-Pelay — have been accused of maltreatment, and investigators believe the couple might have collected the girls after being released from jail, according to reports.
“We want to get him away from the children,” Cloy said of the stepfather. The assistant chief added that kidnapping warrants have been issued for Coria-Pelay and Coronado.
The Mississippi Bureau of Investigation issued an endangered/missing children alert on Sept. 12 for 1-year-old Mendy Coria-Coronado, 2-year-old Evelin Fernanda Coria-Coronado, 5-year-old Jackelyn Belinda Gomez-Coronado and 6-year-old Kimberly Elizabeth Gomez-Coronado, according to Biloxi television station WLOX .
ENDANGERED/MISSING CHILDREN ALERT: Four girls, ages 1-6, are missing out of Canton, MS. http://t.co/YOnEK26lhu pic.twitter.com/ZbybjkeEho
— WLOX (@WLOX) September 12, 2014
“Our main concern is finding out where these four children are and they just happen to be four females,” Cloy told Mississippi News Now . “Although we do want the father and mother in custody, we really need to find out where these children are.”
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.

Review: With iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus  Apple Inc eliminates reason to switch to Google AndroidReview: With iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus, Apple Inc eliminates reason to switch to Google Android
Associated Press | New York | Published:  Sep 19 2014, 10:39  IST
Sep 19 2014, 10:39  IST
 

Injury-hit Cobras underdogs in joust against KnightsStart time 2000 local (1430 GMT)
Big picture
Cape Cobras qualified directly for the main draw of the Champions League T20 as runners-up in the Ram Slam T20 Challenge. Northern Knights won the HRV Cup, and entered the qualifying round. It makes some sort of sense for Levadia Tallinn, the champions of the Estonian Meistriliiga, to enter the first qualifying round of football's Champions League and for Schalke, the third-placed team in the German Bundesliga, to enter the group stage directly, but cricket doesn't have any equivalent of the UEFA coefficient, which ranks the performance of each European country's football league statistically. Besides, South Africa and New Zealand are both among cricket's elite nations.
Hashim Amla will have to play a key role for Cape Cobras in the Champions League Twenty20. (AFP)
Arbitrary as the CLT20's hierarchical structure may be, Cobras and Knights begin their first Group B game as equals. Knights, in fact, look like distinct favourites, first of all because of their form - they romped to wins in all three of their qualifying games - and also because Cobras have been hit by injuries to some of their highest profile players. This preview would look a lot different if Dale Steyn , JP Duminy and Beuran Hendricks were still part of Cobras' squad.
Up against this depleted line-up is a collection of some of New Zealand's finest players, all in their prime - the likes of Kane Williamson , BJ Watling and the new-ball pair of Tim Southee and Trent Boult - complemented by the promise of Anton Devcich, Daryl Mitchell and Ish Sodhi and the canny all-round skill of Scott Styris . Knights' progress through the qualifiers was so serene that they used the same eleven players in all three of their games, but Cobras, even in their current injury-hit avatar, should provide them a fairly stiff test. If that happens, the main group stage will show itself to be a step up from the qualifying stage in real terms and not just on paper.
Form guide
Cape Cobras LWWLW (most recent first, completed matches only)
Northern Knights WWWWW
Watch out for
In a Cape Cobras side shorn of some of its biggest names, Hashim Amla will shoulder a lot of responsibility to provide them starts at the top of the order. Amla is making his first appearance in the CLT20, and Indian fans would love it if he shows them what they are missing in the IPL.
In Tim Southee and Trent Boult, Knights possess possibly the best new-ball attack in the competition. The two of them have taken 12 wickets in three matches so far, and Cape Cobras' top order will need to make sure they don't let them make too many inroads early on.
Stats and trivia
Cobras are one of the 14 teams to make 1000+ runs in the Champions League. In all, 38 teams have taken part in this tournament.
Among teams that have made 1000+ runs in the tournament, Cobras and Victoria are the only ones to not have a single 100-run partnership.
Knights' Daniel Harris is one of only five batsmen to score a Champions League century.
Quotes
"We are going into tomorrow's game as underdogs because they've got used to conditions here."
Cape Cobras captain Justin Ontong says Northern Knights have gained an advantage over them by playing their qualifying games in Raipur
ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Pound  Stocks Rise as Scotland Votes to Stay in UKAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

PM Modi wins the heart of Muslim leadersSep 19, 2014 at  04:12pm IST
BJP, Muslim leaders laud Modi's 'Indian Muslims will live, die for India' remark; Congress sees red
45
2
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi 'endorsing Indian Muslims' in his first ever international interview since assuming office has evoked strong political reactions. While the Bharatiya Janata Party rallied behind the PM, Congress criticised Modi and called his appreciation for Muslims as a whitewash.
"Indian Muslims don't need a certificate from anyone. Modi saying this as he is going to US where he was keen to get a visa. There is sizeable Muslim population in US," said Congress's Sandeep Dikshit.
However, Modi's remarks have won the hearts of many a Muslim leaders and clerics.
#narendra modi #bjp #congress #muslims
"We welcome what PM Modi has said. PM's remarks are a reply to those accusing us of love jihad. PM's remarks are a reply to those trying to create a rift," said cleric Mufti Mukarram.
Union Minister of Minority Affairs Najma Heptullah said she was thrilled at PM's response.  "He has mentioned this to us in the past. I am glad that he is now speaking in public. It will prevent young Muslim boys from falling in ISIS, Al Qaeda trap. Its laughable if opposition and critics are still labeling Modi as anti-Muslim.
Zafar Sareshwala, Modi's supporter reacted to the statement saying, "What Modi is thinking about Muslims is nothing new. We knew about it earlier and now the entire world knows it. Modi's statement is a big slap on the face of the Muslims who used to question Modi's views about Muslims."
BJP leader Shahnawaz Hussain said that the PM only voiced the party's opinion towards the minority community. He said, "Mr Modi's statements are totally fine. Indian Muslims have always lived and would die for the nation. In Kargil War too we saw that. This has been his thinking always, we are with minorities hand he has just said that."
Modi in an interview to CNN said that the patriotism of Indian Muslims could not be questioned. "Indian Muslims will live for India and die for India. Al Qaeda delusional to think Indian Muslims will dance to its tunes," said PM in the exclusive interview.
Watch the full interview on CNN-IBN on Sunday (September 21)4:30 pm.
1752

BL Kashyap rallies over 100% post HDFC Mutual Fund stake buyBL Kashyap rallies over 100% post HDFC Mutual Fund stake buy
SI Reporter | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 01:53 PM IST
BL Kashyap and Sons was locked in upper circuit of 5% at Rs 18.67, extending its past nine day rally on BSE, after HDFC Mutual Fund bought more than one million shares of the company from the open market.
On September 9, HDFC Mutual Fund bought 1.42 million shares at Rs 9.20 per share in a bulk deal.
The stock is currently trading at its highest level since August 2011, appreciated by 107% from Rs 9 on September 8, compared to about 1% decline in benchmark S&P BSE Sensex.
At 1355 hours, a combined 2.56 million shares changed hands and there are pending buy orders for 912,654 shares on BSE and NSE.
 

China fines GSK $492 mn  jails managers for ...China fines GlaxoSmithKline $492 million, jails managers for bribery
By AP | 19 Sep, 2014, 02.22PM IST
READ MORE ON » Mark Reilly | GlaxoSmithKline
The case highlighted the widespread use of payments to doctors & hospitals by sellers of drugs & medical equipment in a poorly funded health system.
ET SPECIAL:
BEIJING: A court fined British drug maker GlaxoSmithKline 3 billion yuan ($492 million) and sentenced its British former country manager and others to prison on Friday for bribing doctors and hospitals to use its products, a state news agency reported.
The fine was the biggest ever imposed by a Chinese court, the Xinhua News Agency said.
The case, which was first publicized in mid-2013, highlighted the widespread use of payments to doctors and hospitals by sellers of drugs and medical equipment in a poorly funded health system that Chinese leaders have promised to improve.
The former country manager, Mark Reilly , and others were sentenced to two to four years by a court in the central city of Changsha, according to Xinhua.
It gave no details of the prosecution's case and didn't say exactly how many people were sentenced.
But the police ministry said in May that Reilly was accused of operating a ``massive bribery network.'' It said investigators believed Reilly ordered his salespeople beginning in January 2009 to pay doctors, hospital officials and health institutions to use GSK's products..

Mandolin exponent U Srinivas passes awayMandolin exponent U Srinivas passes away
Putin seeks power to unplug Russia from Int...Washington and Brussels have introduced several rounds of sanctions on Russia that are the toughest punitive measures since the Cold War.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MOSCOW: Moscow is considering measures to disconnect Russian cyberspace, the last forum for free expression in the country, in emergency situations such as military hostilities or major protests, a newspaper reported Friday.
With mainstream media firmly under Kremlin control, social media and Internet news sites have over the past months been critical outlets for reporting the possible involvement of Russian troops in the Ukraine conflict and broader discussions about the crisis.
But President Vladimir Putin will convene Monday a meeting of the country's Security Council to discuss possible cyber restrictions, the respected Vedomosti business daily reported.
Citing several communications providers, Internet firms and non-governmental organisations, the newspaper said several more meetings next week involving senior officials will address "the work of the Russian segment of the Internet in emergency situations."
Authorities are planning to adopt measures "strengthening the sovereignty of the Russian segment of the World Wide Web" that could include the powers to unplug Russia from the Web in special circumstances such as major rallies or military hostilities, the newspaper said citing sources.
Officials would like to have the measures in place by early next year, the newspaper said.
Putin's spokesman Dmitry Peskov and the communications ministry declined immediate comment.
While Vedomosti said the Kremlin was contemplating how to disconnect the country from the global Internet, experts said authorities might face technical challenges as unlike China, Russia is firmly integrated into the global web.
China is one of the countries which most actively blocks politically-sensitive information.
While Putin enjoys popular support, with his approval ratings boosted by Russia's takeover of Crimea from Ukraine in March, the danger of mass unrest is not lost on the Kremlin.
The Russian economy , which is already teetering on the verge of recession, is reeling from ever more stringent Western sanctions over Moscow's alleged support for separatists in eastern-Ukraine.
Washington and Brussels have introduced several rounds of sanctions that are the toughest punitive measures since the Cold War .
An employee of a large communications provider told Vedomosti that Moscow did not want to unplug the World Wide Web but to protect Russian cyberspace in case of further Western sanctions that may affect the Internet.

JSW Steel to foray in European market: Sajja...european market
(Earlier in the week, Jindal had…)
NEW DELHI: Set to foray into European market with the acquisition of an Italian steel firm, JSW Steel has on its radar a handful of potential companies for takeover both in the space of steel making as well as raw material.
The Sajjan Jindal-led firm, which announced a deal last month to acquire all of Welspun Maxsteel for Rs 1,000 crore, has already submitted the final binding bid to acquire some assets of Italy's Lucchini.
"We have given the final binding bid to the government of Italy . We are awaiting their response. We have to go to their committees and then it will be concluded. I think, by end of next month, the deal would be concluded," Jindal said on the sidelines of an event, organised by the CII, here.
Earlier in the week, Jindal had said JSW Steel was in a "very positive way" looking at acquisition of another Italian steel firm, Ilva, having 10 million tonnes per annum capacity, and would start due diligence.
While the Lucchini acquisition could cost below USD 100 million, the buying of Ilva would need "very big investment as it has lot of liabilities and it's a very complex project," he had said.
Asked about targets for future acquisition, Jindal said, "There are many such units which are potential takeover targets. We are looking at them and if they fit into our policy and our canvas, then we look at them. These are mostly in Europe."
JSW Steel, which has 14.3 million tonnes a year capacity now, has been facing iron ore shortage to feed its plants located in Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra and as such, recently started importing the key steel-making raw material.
"We are always open to various ideas. We are looking at various ideas, but nothing has materialised as yet. We are looking at iron ore assets all over in Australia, Africa, North America and South America ," Jindal said.
On Maxsteel, he said, "We have already applied to the Competition Commission of India and once we get the approval and then we will take over the company."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bank unions extend cautious welcome to Jan Dhan YojanaBank unions extend a cautious welcome to Jan Dhan Yojana
Vinson Kurian 
Tweet
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, Sept. 19:  
The United Forum of Bank Unions (UBFU) has extended a cautious welcome to the Jan Dhan Yojana that aims to extend banking facilities to the unbanked people.
Its views were conveyed to the Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) during the latest round of bipartite talks for wage settlement.
FRAUDULENT ACCOUNTS
But the UBFU expressed the fear that ‘compromises’ on KYC norms might lead to opening of fraudulent accounts for which employees should not be held accountable.
It also conveyed to the IBA that the pressure due to targets stipulated for opening of accounts were affecting delivery regular services to customers in significant manner.
Due to the stipulation on timings for opening of accounts from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., employees had to stay back beyond their working hours. The UFBU demanded that these matters needed to be duly addressed.
On the wages issue, the IBA insisted that the unions review their demand of a 25 per cent increase in payslip components since it was ‘beyond the paying capacity of banks.’
FLEXIBILITY ASSURED
To this, the UBFU responded by saying that the IBA may ‘substantially increase’ its offer of 11 per cent increase in the payslip components.
It also demanded that issues such as regulated working hours, five-day banking, and improvements in pension-related matters should simultaneously be discussed in a time-bound manner.
Also, negotiations need to be held at frequent intervals for an expeditious settlement of issues.
The UBFU extended a promise that it would be flexible in its demands depending on the response of IBA on all these matters.
IBA assured to schedule the next round of meeting within one week for comprehensive discussion on all the issues.
CLARIFICATIONS SOUGHT
The UFBU thanked the IBA for securing Government clearance for the resumption of the compassionate appointment scheme.
But it sought clarifications on issues like eligibility, applicability with regard to death cases prior to August 8, 2014, which the IBA assured to obtain from the Government and advise the unions thereafter.
Another round of bipartite talks between Indian Bank’s Association and the United Forum of Bank Unions was held in the afternoon yesterday preceded by a meeting of UFBU in the morning.
Rajeev Rishi was introduced as the new Chairman of the IBA negotiating team. He replaced TM Bhasin, who has been elevated as Chairman of IBA.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

SC notice to Centre on plea seeking CBI director s recusal from coal case  Qureshi tax probeSC notice to Centre on plea seeking CBI director's recusal from coal case, Qureshi tax probe
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
The apex court today asked the Attorney General to tell the Centre’s view on plea seeking recusal of CBI director from coal matters and income-tax probe against Moin Akhtar Qureshi.
The Supreme Court has asked the CBI not to take final decision in cases arising out of the Coalgate after questions were raised on its Director.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Britains allies applaud Scottish resultBritain’s allies applaud Scottish referendum result
By Tony Barber in London
©Getty
Britain’s international allies expressed undisguised satisfaction and relief on Friday at Scotland’s rejection of independence after a referendum campaign that raised fears of the destabilising consequences for the world of a UK break-up.
Leaders of Nato, the US, the EU and individual European nations with a strong stake in the UK’s survival, such as Ireland and Spain, welcomed the clear-cut 55.3 to 44.7 per cent result. They said they expected it to be good for Scotland, the UK and Europe in general.
More
BoE probes money auction rigging fears
Scotland’s referendum attracted worldwide attention, particularly in the campaign’s final stages when, to the astonishment of many outsiders, it seemed possible that a peaceful, prosperous democracy with 307 years of history as a united state was about to break itself up. Bohuslav Sobotka, prime minister of the Czech Republic, said he was pleased with the Scottish result because “I take it as yet another proof that the world has not gone entirely mad”.
US President Barack Obama issued a statement saying the US welcomed the result of the referendum and congratulated the Scots “for their full and energetic exercise of democracy”.
He added: “Through debate, discussion, and passionate yet peaceful deliberations, they reminded the world of Scotland’s enormous contributions to the UK and the world, and have spoken in favor of keeping Scotland within the United Kingdom. We have no closer ally than the United Kingdom, and we look forward to continuing our strong and special relationship with all the people of Great Britain and Northern Ireland as we address the challenges facing the world today.”
Karel De Gucht, the EU’s trade commissioner, told Belgian radio: “It would have been cataclysmic for Europe. If [independence] had happened in Scotland, I think it would have been a political landslide on the scale of the Soviet Union’s break-up.”
However, the reaction in Moscow was less favourable. Mikhail Yemelyanov, deputy leader of president Vladimir Putin’s United Russia party, condemned Scotland’s referendum as less legitimate than a March 16 plebiscite in Crimea , which was held after Russia’s military intervention in the Ukrainian peninsula and produced a 97 per cent majority in support of absorption into Russia.
More video
There was no immediate comment from Angela Merkel, Germany’s chancellor, but Frank-Walter Steinmeier, her foreign minister, said: “I believe that this is a good decision for Scotland, the UK and Europe. We hope that the United Kingdom remains a powerful and committed partner in Europe.”
Speaking more bluntly, Anton Börner, president of Germany’s wholesale and foreign trade association, said: “Just as it was a stupid idea that Scotland should leave the UK, so it is a stupid idea that Britain should leave Europe. It would be disastrous for Germany to lose a great advocate for freedom and free market principles in the EU.”
José Manuel Barroso, European Commission president, and other EU leaders politely reminded David Cameron, the UK prime minister who is struggling to control a sizeable eurosceptic faction in his Conservative party, that he would do well to respect Scottish public opinion, widely regarded as more pro-EU than English opinion. “The Scottish government and the Scottish people have repeatedly reaffirmed their European commitment,” Mr Barroso said.
In depth

Sensex falls over 21 points  Nifty gains over 6 pointsMarket update: Sensex falls over 21 points, Nifty gains over 6 points
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 17:25 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The 30 scrip sensitive index (Sensex) on Friday erased early gains to end 21.79 points down on losses in capital goods, oil & gas, and realty shares but recent gains helped the benchmark log its sixth week of gains, the longest in over two years.
After opening in the positive zone at 27,139.39, the Sensex surged to touch the day's high of 27,247.17 on continued buying by foreign funds and retail investors on positive domestic and global cues.
However, late selling at improved levels wiped off initial gains to close 21.79 points, or 0.08 per cent, down at 27,090.42. Intra-day, it had touched a low of 27,047.68.
The gauge rallied 619.70 points in previous two sessions on the back of rising optimism over trade ties with China and Fed's continued pledge to retain rates at low levels.
On a weekly basis, the Sensex gained 29.37 points as it registered its sixth straight week of rise. The 50-share NSE Nifty index managed to close in positive zone with a marginal gain of 6.70 points, or 0.08 per cent, at 8,121.45 as TCS, Lupin, Maruti Suzuki, Tata Steel, Axis Bank and Cipla stocks gained. The barometer moved between 8,160.90 and 8,105.35 during the session on alternate bouts of buying and selling.
Sentiments turned somewhat weak and early gains were pared after participants preferred to book profits in recent gainers at prevailing higher levels, equity brokers said.
Profit-booking in bluechips at current levels, brought Sensex down, said Manoj Choraria, a Delhi-based broker. Overall, 13 constituents of 30-share Sensex like L&T, HeroMoto Corp , Hindustan Unilever, Mahindra and Mahindra, ONGC, SBI, Tata Motors, RIL and BHEL fell while 17 others rose.
Shares of Tata Steel and TCS caught buyers' fancy after Moody's on Thursday upgraded ratings of Tata Group firms.
Sectorally, the BSE Capital Goods index suffered the most by falling 1.89, followed by the Oil & Gas index that fell 1.22 per cent, Realty index 0.81 per cent, Auto index 0.70 per cent, Metal index 0.50 per cent, FMCG index by 0.40 per cent and Power index 0.40 per cent.
Bucking the trend, small-cap and mid-cap indices rose 0.63 and 0.04 per cent. Globally, other Asian markets ended higher and European markets were in better form.
(Reuters)

BJP says  insulted  as Shiva Sena offers only 119 seats in Maharashtra  calls meet to decide on allianceThe BJP has convened a core committee meeting Friday morning to take a final decision on whether it should continue the alliance with Sena or break it.
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:05 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 9:39 am
The Shiv Sena has asked the BJP to take 119 seats out of 288 Assembly seats if it wants to continue the alliance. What is more shocking is that the Sena has indicated that within the 119 seats it should also include its smaller alliance partners . The party’s aggression has come as a major shock to the BJP.
The BJP has convened a core committee meeting Friday morning to take a final decision on whether it should continue the alliance with Sena or break it. Top state leaders were huddled in a late night meeting with Amit Shah in Pune.
Speaking to The Indian Express over telephone, a senior leader who was in the meeting said, “Yes, it is extremely insulting as Sena has become more stubborn. They have not only rejected our formula, but also conveyed to our leader O P Mathur that BJP will not get more than 119 seats. And it should also accommodate its allies in that.”
The BJP leader said, “The 119 seats are not acceptable. And if Sena does not accept our formula of Sena 144, BJP 126 and allies 18; we will break the alliance.” The BJP is all set to contest 288 seats on its own.
The decision comes shortly after BJP president Amit Shah declared at a public rally in Chondi (Ahmednagar) that the next Maharashtra government will be made by the BJP.
Meanwhile, the Sena is upset as Shah did not mention them in the rally. A Sena MP said, “Shah completely ignored the Sena. Why should we give them more importance? Let them contest alone.” He added, “Till yesterday we were considering to contest 150 seats thus climbing down from our 169 seats which we contested in 2009. But BJP should also consider us as a major political party in the state.”
A senior BJP leader told The Indian Express, “The Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray has rejected our proposal which was conveyed today. To the contrary, the Sena emissaries have conveyed that the BJP should contest only 119 seats and within that accommodate its alliance partners.”
In 2009, polls for 288 seats Sena contested 169 seats and BJP 119 seats.

Indian Muslims will live and die for India  says PM ModiAl Qaeda would be delusional to think Indian Muslims will respond to its call to launch a jihad in the region, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said, praising the community’s love of the country.
 
"They are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country," Modi told CNN, which aired excerpts of his pre-recorded interview on Friday.
 
"If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India -- they will not want anything bad for India."
 
It was Modi's first reaction to al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri's announcement this month that the group would set up a new operation to wage jihad in South Asia, which has a large but traditionally moderate Muslim population. A few days later it claimed responsibility for the failed hijacking a Pakistani naval ship.
Read: Congress questions timing of Modi's statement on Indian Muslims
 
There have been relatively few reports of young Indian men leaving to fight Islamist causes abroad. Only recently four young men from Maharashtra were believed to have travelled to Iraq to fight for the Islamic State.
 
Modi said the threat from Islamist extremist groups was "a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race.
 
"We have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else," he added.
 
Modi's comments come amid a debate within his Bharatiya Janata Party about how to deal with religious minorities after an inflammatory by-election campaign drew the ire of rights activists and failed to win over voters.
 
Yogi Adityanath, the party’s star campaigner in the recent by-elections in Uttar Pradesh, has been accused of delivering inflammatory speeches against Muslims.
 
Ahead of a visit to meet US President Barack Obama later this week, Modi said ties between the United States and India, a Cold War ally of the Soviet Union, will continue to improve.
 
"From the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century we have witnessed a big change," Modi said.
 

Scotland stays  but it maybe a less united UK aheadprint
Celebrations over Scotland rejecting independence by 55% to 45% on Friday were soon replaced by moves to devolve more powers not only to Scotland but also to England, Wales and Northern Ireland, and a gnawing sense that the road ahead may not be smooth.
 
As millions heaved a collective sigh of relief, leaders of the defeated Yes camp promptly reminded leaders of the three main parties – Conservative, Labour and Liberal Democrats – of their vow to give more powers to Scotland, and cautioned against any delay or return to the status quo.
Pro-Union supporters celebrate as Scottish referendum polling results are announced at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh. (AFP Photo)
 
The vow with a timetable to deliver it was made on the eve of the referendum, and had much effect on voters. However, it did not go down too well among several MPs from England, who wanted similar powers for other regions of the United Kingdom.
Read: Scottish nationalist leader Salmond quits
 
Alex Salmond, Scotland First Minister who accepted defeat on behalf of the Yes campaign, said: "The unionist parties made vows late in the campaign to devolve more powers to Scotland. Scotland will expect these to be honoured in rapid course”.
Read: Scotland votes against independence  
 
On the day after the intensely-fought referendum, moves were afoot to set in motion the process to fundamentally re-structure the ways in which the United Kingdom is governed.
However, the process is likely to be fractious, given some differences among the key parties, and also because the political focus is soon expected to shift to the May 2015 general elections.
Reflecting demands for UK-wide power reform, Prime Minister David Cameron said: “Just as the people of Scotland will have more power over their affairs, so it follows that the people of England, Wales and Northern Ireland must have a bigger say over theirs”
 
He said the vow will be honoured in full, and added: “It is absolutely right that a new and fair settlement for Scotland should be accompanied by a new and fair settlement that applies to all parts of our United Kingdom”. The Triumph of No
 
Cameron also announced that Lord Smith of Kelvin, who so led Glasgow’s Commonwealth Games, will oversee the process to take forward the devolution commitments on tax, welfare and spending by November, and draft legislation to be published by January.
 
For the process of giving similar powers to England, Wales and Northern Ireland, Cameron said he had asked William Hague, leader in the House of Commons, to draw up plans. A cabinet committee is also to be set up with proposals to the same timetable as that of Scotland.

Nifty Gains for Third Day; IT Stocks LeadYou are here: Home Market
Nifty Gains for Third Day; IT Stocks Lead
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 16:10 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
The Nifty rose for a third consecutive session on Friday, hitting its highest in about 1-1/2 weeks, as cash-rich exporters such as Tata Consultancy Services surged on hopes of being better placed to weather any Fed-related volatility.
The 50-share index tentatively rose 0.2 per cent for the week, its sixth consecutive weekly gain. That was its longest winning run since a more powerful seven-week run between January and end-February 2012.
Tata Consultancy Services prose 2.7 per cent while Lupin ended higher 1.8 per cent.
The Nifty gained 0.08 percent while the benchmark BSE Sensex closed 0.08 percent lower, after both earlier marked their highest intraday levels since September 9.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Jadavpur University protests: Won t have discussion with studentsAnand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

WB: Court sentences 5 convicts in Madhyamgram gangrape case for 20 yearsmore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

India caps prices of 36 more drugs: government source7
0
Mumbai: India has capped the prices of 36 drugs, including those used to treat infections and diabetes, in its latest move to make essential medicines more affordable, a senior official of the country's drug pricing authority said on Friday.
The medicines join the 348 drugs deemed essential and that are therefore subject to price caps. Drug price control has become a particularly contentious issue in India, where drugmakers say prices are already among the lowest in the world.
Drugmakers, including Cipla Ltd, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd, and Cadila Healthcare Ltd are among the companies that will be affected by the latest decision, research firm AIOCD Pharmasofttech AWACS Pvt Ltd said.
The medicines join the 348 drugs deemed essential and that are therefore subject to price caps. Drug price control has become a particularly contentious issue in India, where drugmakers say prices are already among the lowest in the world.
An official at the department of pharmaceuticals, which controls the drug pricing authority, confirmed the price cap move, but declined to give details.
3

Selfie addiction may lead to low self-esteem25
1
London: Those who are habitual selfie takers are prone to having low self-esteem, says a study.
The research, conducted by money-saving app VoucherCloud, found that over half of young people take selfies at least once a week.
Nearly 60 per cent of youngsters admitted that behind their smile is a low self-esteem. Only 13 percent said they felt "confident in my own skin."
Nearly 60 per cent of youngsters admitted that behind their smile is a low self-esteem. ( Selfie , via Shutterstock)
"A selfie is subject to lighting, Photoshop and a whole host of other factors so often people actually look very little like they do in real life," Matthew Wood, managing director of vouchercloud.com was quoted as saying in media reports.
The study involved 2,071 British men and women aged 18-30.
It revealed that 39 per cent preferred taking pictures of themselves rather than their family, partner or pets.
"It seems as if the selfie trend is just growing more and more. This is a phenomenon which will be around for some time," Wood added.
37

Facebook Messenger app loaded with spyware: Security specialist43
1
New York: The new Facebook Messenger app, that has been downloaded over 500 million times on Android-based devices, may have spyware that keeps an eye on your chats and other information, claims an Internet security specialist.
According to Jonathan Zdziarski, "Messenger appears to have more spyware type code in it intended specifically for enterprise surveillance", the website motherboard.com reported.
"There is a lot of code that suggests Facebook is running analytics on nearly everything it possibly can monitor on your device," Zdziarski said in a Twitter post.
The new Facebook Messenger app may have spyware that keeps an eye on your chats and other information.
After looking through the binary, Zdziarski said the app logs almost everything a user is doing.
A spokesperson for the social networking site, however, denied the claim.
"Privacy is core to our approach with Messenger and like any developer, we analyse usage trends to make our apps better, faster, and more efficient," the spokesperson told Gizmodo.
650

Piracy moves to the Internet cloudSep 19, 2014 at 03:35pm IST
Piracy moves to the Internet cloud
8
0
Online piracy of music, films and other content has moved to the Internet cloud, reaping big profits for digital thieves, according to a study released Thursday.
The study identified 30 cloud-based "cyberlockers" which operate globally and are hosted in various locations around the world, and which take in some $96 million in annual revenue.
These operators use the same kind of technology as legitimate services like Dropbox and Amazon Cloud Drive to deliver illegally copied content, according to the study by the Digital Citizens Alliance and British-based NetNames, two groups focused on online safety and fraud protection.
The most profitable cyberlockers using the direct download model were 4Shared, Mega and Uploaded. ( Piracy on the cloud , via Shutterstock)
The cyberlocker or cloud model has largely overtaken the older online piracy of peer-to-peer networks that allow individuals to share content on their own computers, but the result is the same.
"The cyberlocker business model is designed around content theft," the report said.
"Operating a cyberlocker is a business which has the potential to produce considerable returns - and crucially, is also a business that requires only a modest initial investment, especially when owners do not pay for any of the content that their sites distribute."
The report released in Washington was described as "the first major assessment of how cyberlockers profit and how much money they make."
The cyberlockers operate in a manner similar to legitimate services like Pandora or iTunes. Some offer free streaming content with advertising, and others allow direct downloads on a subscription model - such as $10 a month.
One of the best-known cyberlockers, Megaupload, was shut down by US law enforcement in 2012. But the New Zealand-based operator has launched a new service, known as Mega.
For some of the cyberlockers, tracing their home base is complicated because their locations are obscured by use of proxy servers. But the study said it identified cyberlocker operations based in the United States, Switzerland, the Netherlands and other countries.
The study said the most profitable cyberlockers using the direct download model were 4Shared, Mega and Uploaded. The biggest profits for the streaming operators were at Putlocker, YouWatch and Streamcloud.
The researchers found roughly 80 per cent of the content on the sites had infringed copyrights.
Attacking payment system
The report said almost all the websites operating the cyberlockers accepted payments from Visa and Mastercard, and that these payment processors could deal a major setback to piracy if they would block the transactions. PayPal, according to the study, was accepted only on one of the sites.
"MasterCard and Visa should follow PayPal's lead and adopt policies for their networks against doing business with these rogue operators," the report said.
"If they take such an approach, it would drive customers to less trustworthy forms of payment."
The report noted that if users cannot pay with credit cards, they "may be reluctant to give a cyberlocker their bank routing information or (use) Bitcoin to make a purchase."
Because some of the sites appear legitimate, they draw advertising "from brands we know" that give the operators revenue and boost their credibility, the report said.
And many of the cyberlockers also contain malware that can infect computers of people who download from them, the report added.
"It's going to take concerted action by the Internet and the payment processors, advertising industries, consumers, public interest groups, Internet safety organizations and responsible government officials to address this corrosive issue that threatens our basic trust in our online world," the report said.
1

Digitisation of Cable TV sector on track: JavadekarWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Solar panels to be made mandatory for new buildings in HyderabadSolar panels to be made mandatory for new buildings in Hyderabad
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 19:  
The Telangana government is planning to make installation of roof-top solar panels mandatory for new buildings in Hyderabad, to provide for better and efficient energy needs.
Speaking at a workshop organised by the Administrative Staff College of India and Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation on “Transforming Indian Cities to Smart Cities”, a prelude to the 11th Metropolis World Congress 2014 scheduled to be held from October six to ten here, Telangana Minister for Information Technology and Panchayat Raj, K T Rama Rao said Hyderabad already has such a mandate and directed the GHMC to enforce it strictly.
The Minister admitted that not many are aware of such a law. “GHMC (The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation) should enforce this law with lot of force,” he said.
Expressing views on the subject of the workshop, Rao said smart city does not mean just technology but smart citizens and smart citizen services.
The idea of smart city should be to improve quality of life and ensure how technology can be put to good use, it is not about individuals but a combination of all for everyone, he said.
It needs to be understood in Indian perspective as this country is heterogeneous and has several complications such as traffic management, day-to-day regular drinking water and better health services, Rao added.
He underlined that there is a need to instil discipline among people on better traffic management and energy utilisation, among others.
The idea of smart city is to improve the quality of life, what technology and how it can be put to good use is the challenge. Greener environment, better traffic management, sanitation and water distribution are some of the problems that need solutions, he said.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Luxury watch maker says difficult to fulfill 30% domestic sourcing requirementLuxury watch maker says difficult to fulfill 30% domestic sourcing requirement
Anusha Soni | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 03:48 PM IST
While the Swiss watch maker Swatch has gone for 100% foreign direct investment (FDI) route to open its own shops in India, Raymond Weil, another swiss watch brand in the luxury category is no mood to open its stores.
The company says that the 30% mandatory domestic sourcing requirement is impossible to fulfill for luxury watch makers as all of their products are manufactured in Switzerland.
Raymond Weil currently has six stores in India and plans to open four more by 2016. Its current stores in Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai work on the franchise model.
"India is country with a lot of complications in the tax and other laws. With the new government we hope that the Global Standard Taxation is brought soon and it becomes easier to do business in India," said Oliver Bernheim, President & CEO Raymond Weil.
The brand is present across 87 countries and gets less than 1% of its business from India. Delhi is the lead store that generates about 35% sales for the brand in India.
The company present in Indian since 1978 through dealer network opened its first store in 2011. The prices range from Rs 80,000 to up to Rs 3.5 lakh.
At a time when e-commerce business is booming in India, Raymond Weil is no mood to explore the online medium citing price undercutting as the problem.
"We have to maintain uniform prices globally and we will only sell online when any e-retailer with a high reputation assures of no price cutting online. But I don't see that happening in India," says Bernheim.
In a report, the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India had estimated the size of the Indian wristwatch market at $898 million; it had predicted the market would expand to $2.7 billion by 2020.

India  China resolve to find solution to border issueIndia, China resolve to find solution to border issue
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 16:53 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
As they aim to reset ties, India and China have resolved to pursue finding an early solution to the thorny boundary issue as a strategic objective, noting that an early settlement of the dispute will advance their basic interests.
A day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping held extensive talks, largely dominated by the border dispute, both the countries on Friday released a joint statement detailing the outcome of the deliberations.
On the boundary issue, the statement said the two sides exchanged views on the India-China boundary question and reiterated their commitment to seek a fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable solution, proceeding from the overall interests of bilateral relations.
Recognising peace and tranquility on the border as an important guarantor for development and continued growth of ties, both the countries said they would continue to make joint efforts to maintain peace and tranquility in the border areas pending a final resolution of the boundary question.
Recalling the Agreement on the Political Parameters and Guiding Principles for the Settlement of the Boundary Question signed in April 2005, both sides reiterated their commitment to an early settlement of the boundary question and expressed their conviction that this will advance basic interests of the two countries and shall, therefore, be pursued as a strategic objective, it said.
Though the import and positions in the 2013 Joint Statement, issued after talks between Premier Li Keqiang and then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, and current one remain the same on boundary issue, there were new phrases in the current document like strategic objective and early solution used in context of the contentious issue.
The joint statement of May 20, 2013 had said, "The leaders expressed satisfaction over the work done so far by Special Representatives of the two countries on the Boundary Question and encouraged them to push forward the process of negotiations and seek a framework for a fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable settlement in accordance with the Agreement on Political Parameters and Guiding Principles."
Pending the resolution of the boundary question, the two sides shall work together to maintain peace and tranquility in the border areas in line with the previous agreements, it had said.
The three-day visit of Xi, the third by any Chinese President to India, was dominated by the border standoff in Ladakh region and Modi had taken up the issue strongly in their meeting on Thursday.

IITs among world s 5 best entrepreneurial undergraduate institutes: Smriti IraniE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

France strikes Islamic State groups depot in Iraq  kills dozens of fightersFrench President Francois Hollande announced that the target was "entirely destroyed". (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Paris | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:46 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 7:09 pm
Iraq’s military spokesman says four French airstrikes killed dozens of fighters from the Islamic State group in a contested area of northern Iraq.
French President Francois Hollande announced the first airstrikes Friday morning, saying Rafale fighter jets struck a logistics depot in northeastern Iraq, and the target was “entirely destroyed.” The US has also carried out airstrikes against the extremist group.
Qassim al-Moussawi, spokesman for the Iraqi military, said four French airstrikes hit the town of Zumar, killing dozens of extremist fighters. Zumar and surrounding towns have remained heavily contested by Islamic State fighters, even though Iraqi and Kurdish security forces have managed to make headway in nearby regions with the support of US airstrikes.

BJP to send fresh seat-sharing proposal to Shiv Sena as talks hit stalemateThe Shiv Sena has said it will contest a minimum of 150 seats and late Thursday night offered the BJP 119 seats.
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:33 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 4:48 pm
A day after Bharatiya Janata Party president Amit Shah spoke of a resolution that respects both alliance partners, state BJP leaders Eknath Khadse and Sudhir Mungantiwar said on Friday evening that the party is keen to keep the alliance intact and was set to send a fresh proposal to the Shiv Sena .
Mungantiwar, former state BJP president, refused to reveal the new seat-sharing formula proposed, but said the Sena’s offer of 119 seats for the BJP was not acceptable.
ALSO READ:  Amit Shah skips mention of Sena as BJP launches poll campaign
It appears that the proposal would coax the Shiv Sena to give up a few of the 59 Assembly constituencies that the latter has never won while also indicating the BJP’s willingness to climb down a little from its previous demand of 135 seats.
The seat-sharing arrangement between the two parties has hit stalemate with the BJP having suggested that both allies contest 135 seats each and leave the remaining 18 seats in the 288-member Assembly for the smaller alliance members. The Shiv Sena has said it will contest a minimum of 150 seats and late Thursday night offered the BJP 119 seats.
ALSO READ: BJP says ‘insulted’ as Shiva Sena offers only 119 seats in Maharashtra, calls meet to decide on alliance
Khadse, Leader of the Opposition in the Vidhan Sabha, said there should be fresh thinking on the 59 seats that the Shiv Sena has “never won in 25 years”. He said, “Instead of allowing these to add to the Congress-NCP tally, they could give us some of these seats.”
Addressing a press conference in Mumbai, both leaders said categorically that the BJP remains committed to ensuring that the Mahayuti (grand alliance) survives. Using the terms Shah used in his speech at Pankaja Munde Palve’s rally in Chondi, Ahmednagar district, Khadse and Mungantiwar said the seat-sharing agreement should be “samadhaan” as well as “samman” – resolution and respect.
“We have always been committed to the alliance, including when our alliance partner spoke of elevating Sharad Pawar and when they decided in favour of Pratibha Patil’s appointment as president of the country,” said Mungantiwar. “Our feeling is clear, we are in favour of an alliance… We hope the Shiv Sena will respond positively to our new proposal.”

Chinese media accuses India of instigating incidents on bordersChinese President visited Ahmedabad where Modi had unrolled a grand welcome for him. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:20 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 5:47 pm
Even as Chinese troops began withdrawing from the Chumar area in Ladakh, the official media here accused India of “instigating” incidents on the borders to divert attention during important visits of Chinese leaders.
The Chinese think-tanks also said that India has taken an “offensive” strategy to get more leverage in talks, a day after visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi met in Delhi.
Reporting for the first time on the border incident in Ladakh region, state-run Global Times in its report on Xi-Modi talks quoted Indian media reports of the row between Indian and Chinese troops in Chumar area.
Modi raised concerns over the ongoing incident to Xi in Gujarat on Wednesday and it was brought up again during their talks in Delhi on Thursday, said the report in the paper known for its nationalistic views.
This is the first time sections of Chinese media reported the incident.
Commenting on the incident, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei told a media briefing here on Thursday that “with immediate and effective communication, this has been effectively controlled and managed”.
However the Global Times, a sister publication of the ruling Communist Party of China-run People’s Daily quoted an “anonymous Observer” accusing India of “ramping up” tensions near the borders to divert the attention over Chinese leaders visits to New Delhi.
The “anonymous observer”, who specialises in South Asian studies, said that prior to visits to India by Chinese leaders, tensions often ramp-up near the border.
“Last year, ahead of Premier Li Keqiang’s India visit, there was a three-week standoff in the western part of the border,” said the observer stated to be a woman analyst.
It may not be a coincidence, she said, alleging that “some forces in India might want to exert pressure on China over the meeting’s agenda. They don’t want the talks to only focus on trade and economic cooperation, and might want to use it as leverage to press for talks over the border issue.”
She is also skeptical about early resolution of boundary dispute as desired by Modi and Xi during their talks. Hu Zhiyong, a research fellow with the Institute of International Relations at the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, told the daily that Modi has taken a hard line on political and security policies, reinforcing infrastructure on the Indian side of the LAC and upgrading equipment.
“The ‘offensive’ strategy aims to gain more leverage in the talks,” Hu said.
There isn’t “much chance of a settlement of the border issue under Modi and Xi’s regimes,” the observer said. “Indians have long regarded themselves victims in the border dispute (following the brief war with China in 1962).
It remains in doubt whether Modi will make concessions,” she said.
“For China, while settling the dispute may alleviate concerns that India will side with Japan and the US, it still won’t be a strong enough incentive for concessions,” she said.
“It is not a border dispute alone, as it is intertwined with the Tibet question,” the observer said.
The Global Times also reported the Dalai Lama’s comments that “Tibet’s problem is India’s continued…

Indices take a breather...Nifty sustains above 8100Indices take a breather...Nifty sustains above 8100
York Exports to hold AGMYork Exports to hold AGM
Al Qaeda preparing to eclipse ISIS  attack USAl Qaeda preparing to eclipse ISIS  attack US
Early trends in Scotland s  independence polls  suggest a  No  to independence from UKEarly trends in Scotland s  independence polls  suggest a  No  to independence from UK
Prefer TCS  says Mehraboon IraniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prefer TCS, says Mehraboon Irani
Mehraboon Irani of Nirmal Bang is of the view that one may prefer Tata Consultancy Services from the frontline IT names.
Post your opinion here
02:30 pm
Mehraboon Irani of Nirmal Bang told CNBC-TV18, "In terms of execution,  Tata Consultancy Services  (TCS) doesn’t have comparison with the other frontline IT companies. So if somebody looks at execution ability of an IT company, TCS still at the present level virtually stands out. Even the management is clearly stating that 2014-2015 will be much better than 2013-2104. Discounting valuation wise also, I don’t think it is too expensive."
"If we look at under ownership of a frontline IT stock, Wipro  is possibly the best bet, relatively, attractively valued and underowned. Infosys  according to me still has a little bit management problem and is settling down. Wipro had this problem couple of years ago, the
management has settled down but it is the worst of the three in execution ability. So, it depends what you’re looking at. If you are looking at execution ability you are looking at next 3-4 years growth story, TCS still has charm at Rs 2750," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Man Infraconstruction: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 19, 2014, 04.43 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Man Infraconstruction: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Man Infraconstruction has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 12th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Man Infraconstruction: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Man Infraconstruction has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 12th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Man Infraconstruction Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 12th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

BJP Maharashtra unit asks Shiv Sena to cede 59 seats that it has never wonBJP asks Shiv Sena to cede 59 seats that it has never won
Rahul Wadke
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
The Maharashtra unit of the BJP at its core meeting had asked Shiv Sena to give away 59 seats from its quota, which it has never won in the previous Assembly elections.
Since today morning the core committee has been holding a series of meeting for discussing the seat sharing arrangement with Shiv Sena.
Member of the committee and Leader of Opposition in Maharashtra Assembly, Eknath Khadase told media persons that the alliance with Shiv Sena will remain intact but it should cede more seats to BJP.
For the sake of alliance, BJP has given away seven Lok Sabha seats to Shiv Sena over the last 25 years. In a similar manner, Shiv Sena should now reciprocate and give 59 seats to the party, “Our demand is only for those seats on, which have never been won by Shiv Sena in the last 25 years,” Khadse said.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

CAI show helps to build `JSW Cement brand awarenessCAI show helps to build `JSW Cement’ brand awareness
Our Bureau
Rajesh B Lund (right), President of Credai (Coimbatore) with SS Sandhu, Associate VP of JSW Cement in Coimbatore. S SIVA SARAVANAN
Coimbatore, Sept 19:  
The JSW group wants its cement brand JSW Cement to become as popular as its group company JSW Steel and participation in `The Hindu Business Line Construction, Architecture, Interiors 2014’ exhibition would help accelerate this process, according to S S Sandhu, Associate Vice President (Marketing) JSW Cement Ltd, Secunderabad.
He said his company, which is the title sponsor of the CAI show held in Chennai and Hyderabad earlier and now on in Coimbatore, had already been invited to make a presentation by the CPWD in Chennai and the Coimbatore Credai to make a presentation about its slag cement. (Slag is a by-product of iron manufacture and JSW group is a major player in the steel sector).
Speaking to Business Line at Coimbatore on Friday, where the Business Line CAI show was inaugurated by Rajesh B Lund, President, Credai, Coimbatore, he said the intention of his company in associating with the show was to gain greater visibility among the people in the construction industry as well as among the general public.
The brand JSW Steel was well known for its quality and the group wanted JSW Cement brand to be known equally as much for its quality. The show provided a perfect platform for that as those connected with the construction industry as well as the general public visited it.
He said after the recent Chennai CAI show, his company received enquiries from nearly 100 customers about the slag cement made by his company and his company staff visited the customers/construction sites to explain about the benefits of the cement produced by JSW Cement. This led to receipt of considerable number of orders.
He said though his company, which entered cement production in 2012, has participated in professional events it was for the first time it had sponsored the CAI event and was happy with the impact it had made on the targeted customers.
Lund, lauding the initiative taken by Business Line, said that it would help in creating greater awareness about the latest trends in construction sector and it was good not only for the people connected with the industry but the general public as well.
Godrej Locking Solutions and Systems, Kamachi TMT Bars, Splendid Interior and Exterior and Zazzy Doors & Interiors, are the co-sponsors of the three day event to be held till Sunday at the Codissia Trade Fair Complex here.
K- Lite is the lighting partner of the event organised by iads and events.
A wide range of products from hardware, sanitation, security and fire safety systems, ready made doors and windows, modular kitchens and accessories, interior decoration products etc are on display in the exhibition.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Rupee jumps 13 paise ahead of Fed policy meet outcomeUpdated: September 17, 2014 17:52 IST
Rupee jumps 13 paise ahead of Fed policy meet outcome
PTI
foreign exchange market
The Indian rupee appreciated for the second day in a row and ended 13 paise higher at 60.92 against the Greenback following sustained dollar selling by exporters ahead of a decision on U.S. interest rates by Federal Reserve.
A weak dollar overseas also aided the rupee rise while fresh sell-off by foreign funds in domestic stocks capped the currency’s gains, forex dealers said.
Dealers added that they are awaiting the outcome of Federal Open Market Committee two-day policy meet, which began yesterday. Consensus expectations are that the Fed will keep interest rates low for a while.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency commenced strong at 60.95 a dollar from last close of 61.05. It moved in a narrow range between 60.8750 and 61.03 before settling at 60.92, showing a rise of 13 paise or 0.21 per cent. On Tuesday, it had gained 8 paise or 0.13 per cent.
For the seventh straight meeting, the Fed later on Wednesday is expected to taper its bond buying program by $10 billion, bringing QE3 down to only $15 billion per month, experts said.
Meanwhile, the Indian equity benchmark S&P BSE Sensex on Wednesday recovered by 138.78 points, or 0.52 per cent, after two days of heavy fall. FPIs/FIIs withdrew $120.70 million on Tuesday, as per SEBI data.
The dollar index was trading down by a mere 0.03 per cent against its major global rivals ahead of the Fed outcome. The Bank of England’s (BoE) Monetary Policy Committee voted 7-2 at its September meeting to keep rates on hold and its quantitative-easing program unchanged, according to minutes released on Wednesday.

5 basic legal considerations for those starting a company0
Desai said a vesting schedule hands out “shares of your corporation slowly to (founders and employees) rather than giving it to them right away. Most of the time, companies vest in (founders and employees) for four years. That can be valuable because if anyone leaves your company too quickly, you don't want to go through too much of your company.”
Typically, he said, co-founders should be held to a one-year commitment before being entitled to any money from the corporation upon leaving.
Taxes
LLCs and S Corporations are attractive for reducing tax liability, Desai said.
“When you have (an LLC or an S Corporation), the profits and losses will go directly to the company’s owners,” he said. “So the company then is not paying taxes directly.”
“In contrast, C Corps have double taxation,” he said. “So when the corporation has a profit, they actually have to pay tax on that.” Then the shareholders pay taxes on any money distributed to them, he said, adding that a good CPA can minimize the burden.
Investors
Startups need to consider the reputation and successes of potential investors, Patel said.
“You want the investor to be supportive and celebrating of your successes” and to provide corrective and instructive guidance, he said.
Accredited investors, with a net worth of $1 million or with $200,000 in income for each of the past two years, are the ones to shoot for, Patel said.
“The SEC said some time ago the accredited investor knows the market and (is) business-savvy,” Patel said. “You’re not filing as many forms with the SEC. Unaccredited investors tend to slow down the process because there's a lot of paperwork involved."
Intellectual property
Patel urged companies to check the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office site early on to make sure their trademarks aren't already taken.
“A lot of startups come up with ideas,” he said, “and then six months down the road they realize somebody else had a right to use that trademark.”
He also recommended what's known as invention assignment agreements to protect startups that frequently feature many people contributing ideas and effort across all areas of operation.
“Anybody that signs that agrees that anything that they create during this time, the company owns it,” Patel said. “Investors like to see that chain of title with intellectual property.”

Amazon launches new Kindle e-book reader in India at Rs 5 999At Rs. 5,999, the new Amazon Kindle e-reader comes with a touch interface, faster processor, twice the storage with weeks of battery life.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 18, 2014 3:51 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 11:45 am
Amazon has introduced the all-new Kindle with a faster processor, twice the storage, and a touchscreen interface at price of Rs. 5,999. The new Kindle is available at Amazon.in and will start shipping on October 9, 2014. Pre-orders for the new Kindle start today.
“Our new Kindle is small and light, with weeks of battery life, a 20% faster processor, twice the storage, and a touch interface,” said Peter Larsen, Vice President, Amazon Kindle. “The new Kindle includes all the features readers love—Whispersync, built-in dictionary and new exclusive features like Vocabulary builder, Kindle Freetime and Goodreads integration. It’s never been a better time to be a reader.”
Kindle e-readers come with instant access to the Kindle Store, which includes books, Kindle Singles and exclusives along with more than 30,000 free-ebooks and over one million titles at Rs. 299 or less and over 250,000 titles at Rs. 99 or less.
Over the next couple of months, new features like Word Wise and Enhanced Search will be introduced as part of a free, over-the-air software update and will also be available on Kindle Paperwhite.
Features:
Kindle FreeTime—Gives parents a simple, engaging way to encourage kids to spend more time reading.
Vocabulary builder- Words looked up in the dictionary are automatically added to Vocabulary Builder to expand your knowledge and reinforce retention.
Whispersync—Saves and synchronizes your last page read, bookmarks, and annotations across all of your devices and Kindle apps, so you can always pick up where you left off.
Smart Lookup—Integrates a full dictionary definition with other reference information via X-Ray and Wikipedia.
Weeks of Battery Life
Automatically backs up your Kindle books in the cloud, so you never need to worry about losing your books—re-download your books wirelessly anytime for free.
Time to Read—Tells you how much time it will take to finish a chapter or a book based on your personalized reading speed.
Kindle Page Flip—Skim page-by-page, scan by chapter, or jump to anywhere in your book all without losing your place.
Facebook and Twitter—Share book recommendations, highlighted sections, and meaningful quotes with friends.

The Origin of Alibaba s NameAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

Live blog: Scotlands decisionReddit
Scotland has voted decisively to reject independence, meaning the country's 307-year-old union with England and Wales remains intact. The No campaign secured over 55 per cent of votes in the referendum, though the UK will now undergo a major period of constitutional change as powers are devolved outside of Westminster.
Voting ended at 10pm, and by 8am UK time, all but one of Scotland's 32 councils had declared final results on a record turnout of over 85 per cent.
By John Aglionby, Claer Barrett, Gavin Jackson, Martin Stabe, Mark Odell and Lindsay Whipp
Unsupported browser warning
The browser you are using is not fully supported.
Some participant features are not available in Internet Explorer; please use Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome instead.

SAP buys software group Concur for $8.3bnSAP buys software group Concur for $8.3bn
By Ed Hammond in New York and Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2def61f6-3f7e-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Did Runner Caught on Video Kill Tourists on Beachdid runner caught on video kill tourists on beach
Fast Asia Open  Scotland result awaitedAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Gladwell criticises Amazon in book disputeMalcolm Gladwell criticises Amazon in Hachette dispute
By Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8af1058-3a92-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba IPO prices at top of range  raising $21.8 billionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Rupee rises on dollar selling  strong equitiesForex update: Rupee ends at one-week high of 60.81 against dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 20:52 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Friday edged up three paise to end at a one-week high of 60.81 against the Greenback at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market on sustained dollar selling by exporters and capital inflows.
A strong dollar overseas and some hesitancy in local stocks , however, limited the rupee rise, forex dealers said.
On a weekly basis, the domestic unit, however, fell 16 paise to log its first weekly drop in seven largely due to the 48-paise drop on Monday.
The rupee on Friday resumed better at 60.78 a dollar from Thursday's close of 60.84 . It was trapped in a narrow range of 60.73 and 60.8975 before finishing at 60.81, a rise of three paise or 0.05 per cent. In previous four days, rupee rose by 32 paise or 0.52 per cent.
Friday's closing of 60.81 against US dollar is the highest level since 60.65 on September 12.
The British pound staged a solid rally in early trade on Friday, as Scottish voters had decided to remain in the UK but later cooled off and eased.
The dollar index was quoting sharply higher by 0.34 per cent against its major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said, "Today rupee traded in a thin range and ended near previous close. Rupee is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities. Trading range for the Spot USD/INR pair is expected to be within 60.30 to 61.30."
In the forwards market on Friday, premium closed steady to firm on stray payments from banks and corporates.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February ended at its overnight closing level of 221.5-223.5 paise while far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 rose to 479.5-481.5 paise from 475-477 paise.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex , after two days of strong rally, ended lower by 21.79 points (or 0.08 per cent).
FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth US $25.31 million on Thursday, as per Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) data.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.8055 and for the euro at 78.4695.
The rupee remained weak against the pound to 99.54 from Thursday's close of 99.41 while continued its upward march to end at 78.17 per euro from 78.37. It also improved further to 55.89 per 100 Japanese yen from 55.98.

Alibaba start trading in New YorkAlibaba prices shares at $68 ahead of huge stock listing
Investors were eager to get in on the ground floor of Alibaba's public stock offering
What will Alibaba do with $25bn?
Shares in Alibaba have been priced at $68 (£42), the top end of the range, in a sign of strong investor appetite for the Chinese e-commerce giant.
With trading starting on the New York Stock Exchange later on Friday, the share sale will raise $21.8bn, making it one of the largest flotations ever.
It values Alibaba, which accounts for 80% of all online retail sales in China, at $167.6bn.
That value surpasses such corporate titans as Walt Disney and Boeing.
The final amount raised from the sale could change, depending on the final allotment allocation. If underwriters exercise an option to sell more shares, the money raised could increase to $25bn, beating the record listing held by Agricultural Bank of China. That flotation in 2010 raised $22bn.
Alibaba operates a series of online marketplaces in China and elsewhere, handling more transactions than Amazon and eBay combined.
The company was formed 15 years ago by former teacher Jack Ma, who wants to use some of the proceeds to expand in the US and other markets.
Trading in Alibaba shares is expected to be frenetic in the early hours after the market opens. Many experts expect the share price to go higher once trading begins as institutions add Alibaba stock to their investment portfolios.
Control
US search giant Yahoo, already a shareholder in Alibaba, is selling some $8bn worth of its holding in the offering, leaving it with about 16% of the company.
Japan's Softbank is not selling for now and will be left with a 32% stake, making it the largest single shareholder.
However, control will remain in the hands of Mr Ma and other company veterans. A group of 27 manager dubbed the "Alibaba Partnership" will have the power to nominate a majority of board members.
Regulators at the Hong Kong stock market objected to this structure, which resulted in Alibaba deciding to list in New York.
Alibaba says the arrangement will help it to preserve its innovative culture.
Mr Ma's stake is reportedly worth about $14bn, while the sale is expected to make millionaires out of a large number of the company's managers, software engineers and other staff.
Alibaba acts as an online marketplace for wholesalers, retailers, and small businesses, and handles e-payments and financial transactions. The company has also branched out into cloud computing and instant messaging.
Alibaba has about 279 million active buyers visiting its sites at least once a month.
Online spending by Chinese shoppers is forecast soar over the next few years. And Alibaba has plans to expand into emerging markets as well as Europe and the US.
The firm made a profit of almost $2bn in the three months to the end of June, with sales up by 46% year-on-year to $2.54bn.
"There are very few companies that are this big, grow this fast, and are this profitable," said Wedbush analyst Gil Luria.
What does Alibaba do?
Alibaba Group owns or has stakes in several businesses, including:
Alibaba.com - the company's first business, a website that allows companies around the world to find a manufacturer in China
Taobao - China's largest shopping website
Tmall - offers a wide selection of branded goods to China's emerging middle class
Alipay - an online payment system that operates like Paypal
Sina Weibo - China's version of Twitter
Youku Tudou - China's biggest video site, similar to YouTube
Cainiao - a logistics operation that provides real-time access to information for buyers and sellers
Alibaba Pictures - a film production company
Guangzhou Evergrande - China's most successful football club, Alibaba bought a 50% stake in it earlier this year
More on This Story

Peter Macdiarmid / Getty Imagespeter macdiarmid / getty images
Judicial probe sought into  sexual abuse  of school girlsPress Trust of India | Puducherry | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:09 pm
On Friday opposition AIADMK made an appeal in the Puducherry assembly seeking a judicial probe into the alleged incidents of sexual abuse of some school girls in the Union Territory.
Raising the issue, Deputy Legislature party leader of AIADMK A.Anbalagan said government should also come out with a ‘white paper’ on the alleged incidents as it has tarnished the image of the Union Territory.
He said a woman judge could hold the probe.
Anbalagan said a group of persons had allegedly indulged in luring some school girls into prostitution under duress.
A police complaint was also lodged against the accused and as the complaints also related to some police officials, government had initiated action against eight police officials, including a sub-inspector. All these officials have since been suspended, he said.
Anbalagan said some outfits had been holding agitations seeking intensified action against the culprits.
“The incident has tarnished the image of the Union Territory and there should be immediate judicial inquiry into the incident,” he said.

Coffee groups seek bids for French brandsDE Master Blenders and Mondelez seek bidders for French brands
By Arash Massoudi and Anne-Sylvaine Chassany in London and Michael Stothard in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/90e35198-3f4f-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The British Chambers of CommerceThe Q3 2014 BCC/DHL Quarterly International Trade Outlook sets out the opportunities and risks facing…
12 November, 2014
BCC's Workforce Survey highlights the need for businesses and schools to work together to better prepare…
30 October, 2014
BCC's Workforce Survey highlights the need for businesses and schools to work together to better prepare…
09 October, 2014
The British Chambers of Commerce’s Q3 2014 Quarterly Economic Survey (QES), made up of responses from…
02 October, 2014
BCC's Workforce Survey highlights the need for businesses and schools to work together to better prepare…
08 September, 2014
The BCC's Business Manifesto reflects the expectations of any incoming government in 2015 from companies…
31 August, 2014
The Q2 2014 BCC EU Barometer shows that businesses remain strongly committed to staying in the EU. However,…
28 August, 2014
The British Chambers of Commerce (BCC) has upgraded its GDP growth forecasts for this year and next year…
21 August, 2014
The Q2 2014 BCC/DHL Quarterly International Trade Outlook sets out the opportunities and risks facing…
10 August, 2014

Lloyds Banking Group-1.58
Winners and Losers are drawn from the set of FTSE 350 equities
All market data carried by BBC News is provided by DigitalLook.com. The data is for your general information and enjoys indicative status only. Neither the BBC nor Digital Look accept any responsibility for its accuracy or for any use to which it may be put. All share prices and market indexes delayed at least 15 minutes. 52 week high and low values are calculated from close price data. Click here for terms and conditions
Top Stories

The chief executive of Legal and GeneralFollow us on Twitter:  @landg_uk #NigelsBlog
The Beginning, Not the End, of Devolution.
19 September 2014
So that’s a “No” from Scotland, then. But only narrowly.
Nigel Wilson, CEO of Legal & General
The Yes campaign had vision but no economic plan to deal with currency, banking or business, while the No campaign had no vision but enough logic and fear to win the day.
But to win, the three UK parties have promised “devo-max” - greater tax and spending powers for the Scottish Parliament, and a continuation of higher government spending per head for Scots under the “Barnett Formula”.
Scottish voters have recognised that devolution stopping just short of independence is probably the best outcome for now – and it looks like a great deal, plenty of upside, limited downside.  But why should the Scots get more public spending than the rest of us? If the Scots control almost all their own affairs, why shouldn’t the other countries in the UK have the same powers?
Missing the Point – We Are Going Federal
Much of the immediate focus will be tactical and party-political: what does the result mean for the political parties and the Prime Minister. But this misses the biggest point about the Scottish vote: we are moving ever-closer to a more devolved, localist agenda under a loose, effectively federal, structure. 
I believe this is wholly positive, and it creates terrific opportunities for economic growth across the UK – a means to narrow the gap between the success of London and that of regional hubs like Birmingham, Manchester, Glasgow, Cardiff, Leeds and Newcastle – the widest divide in any developed country.
Local Government: Enlightened and Empowered
Economic growth is driven by modern cities.  That’s the lesson of London and from across the world, from Austin, Texas to Kuala Lumpur, and it’s why the Chinese are building cities for the future. But the US doesn’t just rely on New York: San Francisco, L.A., Boston and others are also in the premier league. And in Germany, the capital is Berlin, but Frankfurt, Stuttgart and Munich also thrive.  
We need to do the same for UK cities. I believe that many of our civic leaders have the capability and the capacity.  Confident, capable local leadership doesn’t begin and end with Boris and Ken in London. From Manchester and Salford to Liverpool and Newcastle, we have enlightened local government. The new LEPs (Local Enterprise Partnerships) can bring business and local government together to deliver growth.  What they need now is the political and financial opportunity to get it done – marry vision with an economic plan.
The Man from Whitehall Doesn’t Always Know Best
There is always a tension between the local and the central. We like to respect local differences, but we hate a “postcode lottery” – and at its worst, this becomes NIMBY-ism.  But devolution of decisions to the lowest, most local level that is practical has to make sense. The vote in Scotland was not just about Saltires or oil – it was about people feeling frustrated, excluded and a long way from Westminster where the decisions get made – and this isn’t uniquely Scottish – it happens even in London.
It was also about the levels of per capita GDP and real wages. There are a lot of people who are worse off than they were a few years ago, and see little prospect of becoming better-off. Real wages have been in decline for many years.  As our LGIM economist James Carrick has pointed out, 1.8 million jobs have been created in the UK since 2008, but they are mainly low-paid and the majority have been filled by foreign-born workers – further fuel to the UKIP and SNP protest votes.
Absorbing the policy lessons from the Union’s near-death experience means recognising these frustrations and enabling important economic decisions to get taken at the right level.  QE – monetary methadone – hasn’t delivered more money into people’s pockets.  What we need is supply side reform, at a macro, country-wide level and also locally.  This means devolution to cities and regions, with the ability to invest more central money locally, and ultimately to raise it locally too as regional economies start to thrive.  This is happening already in London, and it is a success: we need it elsewhere too.
So we should empower local authorities to drive through really sweeping changes to economic infrastructure, as is already happening for example in Salford, using faster-track planning and more Compulsory Purchase Orders to deliver the roads, railways, housing – we all know we are 200,000 houses short in the UK every year - and other amenities that growing communities need, both physical and digital.
Private-Sector Money Can “Go Regional”
The Government is already making a tentative start through LEPs and the £10bn Regional Growth Fund, and there is broad cross-party consensus on the need to bring growth to the regions.  We could move much faster, and more systematically, for example using Sir John Armitt’s model of an infrastructure commission co-ordinating and planning for the long-term.  
The private sector money is there to invest in regional growth, regeneration and infrastructure - £15bn of long-term “slow money” from Legal & General alone, much more if UK institutions can serve as the lead investors to give confidence to overseas investors like the multi-billion sovereign wealth and pension funds to invest alongside them in the UK’s regional economies.
Creative Destruction
Our centralised, top-down approach to government dates from World War Two, and the world has moved on since then.
I know public reactions to directly-elected mayors and regional assemblies in England have been so far been lacklustre – but this is surely because these are seen as political talking-shops only, not real drivers of economic growth. It’s different, for example in Manchester and Salford – now with the BBC as a welcome catalyst for growth - where capable local CEO’s and Council leaders have actually driven through important changes: “more power to their elbows” is the reaction I hear when I visit our regeneration projects there.
So the Scottish vote is a huge opportunity – Schumpeterian “creative destruction” at its best.  Let’s take the opportunity for constructive reflection, for cutting out unnecessary layers of centralised control and bureaucracy, and for getting on with harvesting the best of local skills, knowledge and determination to build a better balanced economy in the regions.
 
 I also want to hear from you: 
How do you feel about the result? Do you see this as a win for the UK economy?
Tell us on Facebook  

Rupee Steady  Tracking Flat Equity MarketsYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Steady, Tracking Flat Equity Markets
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 15:11 (IST)
The rupee was trading at 60.84 per dollar on Friday, unchanged from its 60.83/84 close on the previous day.
The currency pared early gains on dollar strength globally after a fall in US jobless claims.
Shares edge higher, but gains were smaller than on Thursday.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Markets log longest rally of weekly gains since Feb 2012Despite Friday falls, markets sustain longest rally since Feb 2012
Tulemino Antao & Indrani Mazumdar | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 03:55 PM IST
Benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty may have ended flat on Friday but the close of day also marked their sixth straight week of gains, led largely by IT majors and Tata Group equities that rallied on upgrades from rating agency Moody's. 
The last time Indian markets clocked such sustained gains was between January 2 and February 9 in 2012, when both indices kept up a seven-week rally.
Today, the 30-share Sensex lost 22 points to close at 27,090, while the 50-share Nifty gained 7 points to end at 8,121.
 
In the broader market, the BSE mid-cap index ended flat with a positive bias while small-cap index ended 0.6% higher.
 
Market breadth ended negative with 1,600 losers and 1,449 gainers on the BSE.
 
Overseas investors continued to repose faith in Indian equities, buying index futures worth $106.22 million on Thursday, NSE data showed. Foreign banks bought debt worth Rs 18.93 billion ($311.7 million), according to CCIL data.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 60.7500/7550, up from Thursday's close of 60.83/84, driven primarily by hopes of continued foreign fund buying in shares and bonds after the US Fed yesterday said it would keep interest rates at zero for the foreseeable future.
 
Across The Globe:
 
The British pound rose sharply after a Scottish referendum on independence voted to stay with the United Kingdom, while Wall Street's overnight gains and Alibaba Group's scorcher of an initial public offering underpinned Asian shares.
 
Japanese stocks soared to a seven-year high on Friday after the yen dropped sharply following the Scottish vote that prevented a break-up of the United Kingdom.
 
Afternoon comments by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to carry out pension reform as soon as possible bolstered an already upbeat sentiment.
 
The Nikkei share average ended 1.6% higher at 16,321.08, the highest closing level since 2007 and just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008. It was the biggest daily percentage gain in a month, and was up 2.3% for the week. During the session, the index easily topped a December 30, 2013, high of 16,320.22.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, the BSE IT index was the top gainer, rising 1.5% followed by Teck and Healthcare indices which traded between 0.4-1%. However, FMCG, Oil & Gas, Realty, Metal, Power, Auto and Capital Goods indices lost their sheen, falling between 0.5% and 2%. Both Bankex and Healthcare index ended flat with a negative bias.
 
Shares of Tata Group companies, with the exception of Tata Motors, ended up to 3% higher on the BSE after global rating agency Moody's upgraded the debt ratings for many group firms including Tata Motors, Tata Steel and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS).
 
In the technology pack, IT major Infosys ended Friday with marginal losses, ignoring news that the company widened collaboration with Microsoft and Hitachi Data Systems, a move that is in line with chief executive Vishal Sikka's vision to strengthen software offerings and expand global alliances.
 
However, India's third largest IT firm Wipro ended nearly 1% higher, continuing its rally of the past few trading sessions after securing a contract from Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company (SEC) for implementing and rolling out plant maintenance and project system functionality of SAP ERP application.
 
In the healthcare space, drug maker Sun Pharma extended its rally and inched up marginally in today’s trade up nearly 0.5% after the company entered into a licensing agreement with Merck & Co Inc for investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, Tildrakizumab to be used for treatment of plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment.
 
Cipla, too, ended 1% higher after it signed an agreement with American company Salix Pharmaceuticals, under which Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights over certain patent applications in the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patents owned by Cipla. The grant is on a worldwide basis, excluding the countries of Asia (other than Japan) and Africa. Following the tandem, Dr Reddy’s Lab ended nearly 1% higher.
 
Metal shares which surged recently after China's economic stimulus raised hopes of a boost in demand in the world's largest consumer of metals continued to trade higher in Friday's trade. Coal India, Hindalco and Tata Steel were up between 0.5-1%. However, Sesa Sterlite ended the session in the red, albeit marginally.
 
Cigarette maker and Index heavyweight ITC gained nearly 1% on fresh buying.
 
In the financial segment, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and the HDFC twins climbed between 0.5-1.5% on renewed buying. 
 
Bharti Airtel ended its session marginally in the positive territory. The company is obliged to spend Rs 436 crore for merging Airtel Broadband Services with itself towards differential spectrum cost and migration fee.
 
In the Capital Goods segment, engineering conglomerate L&T lost over 2% in today’s trade. BHEL was down 1% despite winning an order worth over Rs 3,500 crore for setting up a thermal power project in Gujarat.
 
In the Oil and Gas space, Oil majors RIL and ONGC slumped 1% and 2% each. 
 
The Auto pack ended lower today with M&M, Tata Motors and Hero Motocorp down between 1-1.5% on account of profit taking.
 
GAIL, HUL and SBI were some of the notable names that ended in the red at the end of Friday's trading. 
 
Suzlon Energy lost 10% to close at Rs 20.40 on the BSE with no buyers on the counter. Fresh shares of the company that were allotted on conversion of foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) started trading today.
 
Archies ended nearly 7% higher to Rs 33, after hitting a 52-week high of Rs 35.30, following acquisition of the company's shares by a private firm through a bulk deal on the National Stock Exchange.
 
Aegis Logistics surged 9% to Rs 401 on NSE, ahead of board meeting today, 19 September 2014, to consider and approve sale of a minority stake in one of company’s subsidiary.

Things will have to change nowFollow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

IITs among world s 5 best entrepreneurial i...Entrepreneurship
(The ranking was compiled…)
NEW DELHI: Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) are ranked fourth on a list of 50 best entrepreneurial undergraduate institutes in the world, HRD Minister Smriti Irani said today.
The ranking was compiled by PitchBook Data , a US-based private equity and venture capital research firm.
Sharing the achievement at an AICTE conclave on 'entrepreneurship education', Irani said the feat calls for further celebrations as the IITs have been ranked higher than some of the best Ivy League universities such as Harvard .
The minister referred to the rankings while underscoring the need to inculcate an entrepreneurial mindset among the youths, noting that knowledge and entrepreneurship are key to take the country ahead.
In the study, the research firm found that the IITs had a total of 264 entrepreneurs, who have founded 205 companies and cumulatively raised USD 3.15 billion.
The paradigm of education, she said, should be such that it is able to cross the knowledge with analytical skills and logical reasoning, helping students acquire skills and entrepreneurial qualities.
To help realise the objective, "we hope to revamp our pedagogy and curriculum to make it more relevant to our society and our students market-ready not just domestically but also internationally". "We would also like to inculcate an entrepreneurial mindset not only in schools and colleges through changes in curricula but through introduction of teaching training and teaching material designed especially for entrepreneurship," she said.
Noting that innovation has become increasingly open and collaborative today as opposed to the existing close inhouse innovation models, the minister suggested development of innovation clusters to promote collaboration between research organisations, industry and university.
"This would help exploit knowledge that would otherwise be left commercially unused by university," the minister said, underlining the need for a rigorous, transparent and outcome based method in evaluating the impact of programmes.
Irani said her ministry would soon operationalise a 'council for higher education and industry' so that "together we can bring about solution that our nation has so long sought".
FEATURED ARTICLES

GSK to pay 297m fine over Chinese bribesGSK to pay £297m fine for Chinese bribes
By Andrew Ward in London and Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dea9811e-3fd5-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Business relief over Scottish pollBusiness relieved at Scottish result but concerns remain
By Sarah Gordon, Europe business editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/78add63a-3fbc-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PAC to examine KG Basin  MNREGA  among othersKG Basin, MNREGA among issues to be examined by Public Accounts Committee
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 04.43PM IST
Tags:
CAG
(Out of the 41 issues, 21 are…)
NEW DELHI: Pending reports on KG Basin, UPA's flagship rural employment scheme MNREGA and indigenous construction of warships are among the 41 subjects selected by Parliament's key Public Accounts Committee for examination in the coming days, though it has skipped the 2G issue.
Out of the 41 issues, 21 are new subjects, which include improper management of defence land and procurement of allopathic drugs in CGHS.
The new PAC headed by Congress leader K V Thomas has categorised the subjects in three categories - new issues, subjects on which briefing or evidence have been held but reports are yet to be drafted or submitted, and issues on which draft reports were approved by the then chairman Murli Manohar Joshi and are to be finalised.
The controversial draft report on 2G spectrum allocation scam which Joshi had kept alive during his tenure as "pending agenda" finds no mention in the subjects selected by the new committee.
The report was returned by then Speaker Meira Kumar to Joshi amid opposition by UPA members.
The PAC, reconstituted recently, has kept the issue of KG Basin - 'Hydrocarbaon Production Sharing Contracts' and 'performance of MNREGA' in the category of subjects on which briefing or evidences have been held but reports are yet to be drafted or submitted.
The issue of ultra mega power projects has been kept in the category of reports finalised by then Chairman PAC but yet to be finalised.
The subjects were finalised in the recent meeting of the PAC and have been formally communicated to its members.
The CAG had sharply criticised Reliance Industries and the Oil Ministry for violation of contract over the showpiece KG-D6 gas block and called for revamping the current profit-sharing arrangement that reduces government revenues.
In its report on rural job guarantee scheme, the CAG had said only 30 per cent of 129 lakh works worth over Rs 1.26 lakh crore approved in 14 states were completed. It said barely 30 per cent of NREGA work was completed, while Bihar, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh used only 20 percent of its funds.
The PAC usually take up either complete reports or some paragraphs of CAG reports on various topics tabled in Parliament for examination.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scotland s independence: Who won Who lostScotland's independence referendum: Who won? Who lost?
By AP | 19 Sep, 2014, 04.33PM IST
0
Share More
Who won and who lost in Scotland's independence referendum?
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Who won and who lost in Scotland's independence referendum?
WINNER: The No campaign. The multi-party effort, which started off with consistent support of 60 percent in opinion polls, staved off a late surge by independence campaigners and won with surprising ease.
WINNERS: The 55.3 percent of Scottish voters who wanted to stay in the United Kingdom.
LOSERS: The 44.7 percent who disagreed.
WINNER: Gordon Brown . The former prime minister broke out of what seemed to be a long sulk since losing the 2010 election, and delivered a barnstorming defense of the United Kingdom which gave the No campaign some badly needed energy in the final days.
LOSER and WINNER: Alex Salmond . The leader of the Scottish National Party , which exists mainly to pursue independence, went down fighting for what he called a once-in-a-lifetime chance to win back the nation's independence. He led a campaign that energized all of Scotland. And in losing, he gained promises from UK political leaders of important new power for the Scottish government .
WINNER: David Cameron . The prime minister stood to be in trouble if the vote had gone the other way. However, his promise of more powers for the regions may cause grumbling in his Conservative Party .
WINNER: J K Rowling, the ``Harry Potter'' author, who gave 1 million pounds ($1.6 million) to the No campaign.
LOSERS: Chris and Colin Weir , who gave 1 million pounds ($1.6 million) to the Yes campaign, leaving them with barely more than 160 million pounds from their Euromillions lottery win.
WINNER: The British pound. It sank toward the end of the campaign because markets loathe uncertainty. It bounced back smartly once the votes were counted.
WINNER? Queen Elizabeth II , whose Delphic comment urging Scots to ``think very carefully about the future'' was widely interpreted as a nudge for the No campaign. Perhaps it was just common sense.
WINNER: Democracy: Nearly 85 percent of eligible voters participated in the decision.

between April and SeptemberHome Depot admits hack attack dates back to April
The Home Depot breach coincided with a rise in fraudulent debit card fraud, says blogger Brian Krebs
US DIY store Home Depot has confirmed its payment systems have been hacked in what could turn out to be one of the biggest data breaches ever.
Home Depot has 2,200 stores in the US and Canada.
The company has not revealed how many people were affected, but said the hack of its systems dated back to April.
Security blogger Brian Krebs was the first to reveal the hack , which he said targeted credit and debit cards used on malware-infected cash registers.
In a press release, the firm apologised "for the frustration and anxiety this causes our customers".
"I want to thank them for their patience and support as we work through this issue," said chairman Frank Blake.
Personal information
Mr Krebs said a number of banks had told him about a steep increase in fraudulent ATM withdrawals on customers accounts since the hack was made public.
"Experts say the thieves who are perpetrating the debit card fraud are capitalising on a glut of card information stolen from Home Depot customers and being sold in cybercrime shops online," he wrote.
Card data from Home Depot customers is available for sale on underground crime shops such as Rescator.cc and includes both the information needed to counterfeit cards and the cardholder's full name and city, state and postcode of the store it was stolen from.
"The zip code data is important because it allows the bad guys to quickly and more accurately locate the social security number and data or birth of cardholders using criminal services in the underground that sell this information," said Mr Krebs.
Armed with this information, thieves can call automated bank systems and change the PIN on cards.
Mr Krebs also broke news of the Target breach, which saw up to 40 million debit and credit card numbers stolen and the personal information of up to 70 million customers potentially exposed.
According to the blogger, the Home Depot credit and debit card breach was aided by a new variant of the malicious software program that stole data from cash registers in Target stores around the US last December.
The malware, known as BlackPOS, siphoned data from cards when they were swiped at infected cash registers running Windows.
Security experts say the US is more vulnerable to credit card hacks than many other countries because it still relies on payment terminals that scan the magnetic stripe on the back of cards, giving malware an opportunity to copy the data.
Home Depot has said that it will begin using chip-and-pin and chip-and-sign systems by the end of the year.
More on This Story

Why we hate seeing people have good divorcesUn-coupled. (Photo by Colin Young-Wolff /Invision/AP)
SHARE
Wendy Paris
September 19, 2014
Back in March, Gwyneth Paltrow’s announcement of her plans to “consciously uncouple” from her husband Chris Martin generated cynical jibes and unrestrained snark by the global media, followed by months of eager anticipation for proof that their good divorce had gone bad. ( It hasn’t come yet .)
I suspect the negative backlash was partly linguistic. “Conscious uncoupling” is a gangly, simpering construction almost begging to be slapped by the editorial version of the playground bully. But the continuing mockery of Gwyneth’s lack of wrath belies a damaging belief about divorce: that she is just another over-privileged, out-of-touch celeb promoting the relationship version of a vegan lifestyle, sustained with gourmet meals prepared by five-star chefs, whereas a real person’s divorce is always a brawl.
In fact, legal scholars, mental health professionals and any honest lawyer who has spent time in family court, complain about the inappropriateness of the adversarial legal approach when it comes to helping a family restructure, aka, get divorced.
Hiring two lawyers to ferret out every possible advantage for “opposing” parties drives or at least extends many of the high-conflict, high-cost divorces we see. Conflict between parents is also one of the most damaging experiences for children—whether the parents are divorced or married.
Increasingly, couples across the economic and social spectrum are ending their romantic unions with a “conscious” effort to cooperate while doing so, and not destroy their children in the process. They’re maintaining  or even improving their parenting partnership, holding on to their values, and their self-respect.
New resources make this ever more possible. Nearly every state in the US now offers parenting education for divorcing or separating couples, an innovation that took off in the 1980s and 1990s as a way to prevent conflict before it began. Courthouses around the nation have staffed self-help centers to help explain the forms to pro se litigants—the growing number of people who can’t afford or don’t want to hire a lawyer. In the still new-ish practice of collaborative counsel, a couple hires two lawyers who agree to give up the case if they cannot settle out of court. They also may bring in financial planners, psychologists, and child specialists. This team approach can be expensive, but not nearly as costly as fighting for years at hundreds of dollars per hour.
The nation’s first public, interdisciplinary, one-stop divorce and separation shop isDenver’s Resource Center for Separating and Divorcing Families , now in its second year. One of the most innovate approaches to helping families restructure, it’s a three-year pilot program created by the Institute for the Advancement of the American Legal System at the University of Denver.
The Resource Center is an attempt to help couples with kids un-partner more peaceably. This populist approach to “conscious uncoupling” has several steps:
Law students and PsyD/MSW graduate students work in teams to interview each incoming divorcing couple, asking about their marriage, their finances, emotional life, legal knowledge, and children. The students also interview older children, giving them a chance to voice their concerns and desires.
The student team drafts a service plan, which might include co-parent coaching, psychotherapy, financial counseling, legal education, and mediation to help the divorcing couple. Children might be directed toward a peer workshop, or one-on-one counseling.
Couples make appointments with the various student professionals, working to address the individual components woven together in the fabric of married life. They might learn new communication skills or how to write a budget. They talk through the anger or resentment that often obstructs agreement about dividing assets, debts and responsibilities.  Children learn skills for coping with change and sadness.
Judge Bob Hyatt, a retired chief judge from Denver, presides at the center once a month to grant the final divorce decree to those who have progressed to this stage, and congratulate them for taking a positive, child-focused approach to parting.
Cost for all this? From $20 – $95 an hour, depending on the couple’s finances. Less than a student barber, in some cases.
Many people arrive at the Denver center with no intention of talking about their feelings with a therapist-in-training. “Lots of parents think they just want the mediation. But through the meeting, they often realize they want more,” executive director Melinda Taylor told Quartz.
Parents who go through the center come out unmarried or unattached, but not destroyed. Often the new communication skills can help improve their relationship on the back end of marriage, and they can return for guidance as new problems arise.
This comprehensive model is an effort by IAALS to free up overburdened courts and encourage families to recognize that a judge rotating through family court, often under-trained and over-worked, is not the right professional to help process the wily, often overwhelming emotions that accompany one of life’s most stressful transitions.
The center has worked with 80 families since opening last September, more than half of whom are lower middle class, according to Taylor. Taylor is currently seeking ways to extend her own funding past 2016, and replicate the program at universities and community centers nationwide.
Even if holistic, integrative centers spread to more states, I suspect the snark will still simmer. Striving for a kind and balanced parting threatens the status quo. It can force others to confront their own pettiness and limiting assumptions, their own belief in the smallness of the human spirit.
I’ve interviewed dozens of people in positive, post-marriage relationships who complain that friends or family can’t accept their lack of bile. Sometimes peers insist that to be without acrimony means a former spouse hasn’t moved on. “I had to step away from some friendships,” a young mother of two in Nebraska told me, after her friends continued to bash her ex for the infidelity that had ended the marriage. “They can’t get past it. I clearly was aware of what he did, but I didn’t want to be reminded of it, and I certainly didn’t want the girls around anyone who was saying bad things about their dad. He made some mistakes, but he’s a good dad.”
Some anti-divorce ideologues bristle at the idea of a “good divorce” for different reasons. They seem to worry that supporting a respectful, supportive parting threatens holy matrimony. “If we can divorce without destroying our lives,” the thinking here seems to be, “everyone will do it!” This attitude presents a bleaker view of marriage than most people have even of divorce.
In fact, no divorce proceeding is so enjoyable as to entice the happily married to try it. While there’s some evidence of a “divorce contagion,” a way that divorce can spread through social groups, no one in a solid marriage ends it to be part of some new in-crowd of the uncoupled.
A few weeks back, I read an article about Gwyneth and Chris Martin sitting peacefully together at a family event, acting “like a married couple.” I, personally, loved being married and want to do it again, but let’s be honest here; married couples often act like children up way past bedtime, arguing over whose turn it is to push the squishy buttons on the remote control. To me, supporting one’s children while treating the other parent with consistent consideration, unmarred by ongoing dissatisfaction or festering, personal slights, looks less like an average marriage than a good divorce.
Follow Wendy on Twitter @WendyParis1 . We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:

The more people fly  the more they prefer the aisle seatDavid Yanofsky @YAN0
September 19, 2014
US airlines are filling empty seats in record numbers. In 2013, they filled 83.1% of their passenger capacity according to the US Department of Transportation Statistics. In June, domestic routes were 87.4% full a monthly record. The increased load not only means fewer empty middle seats  but also stiffer competition for a window or aisle.
And when it comes to picking a seat on an airplane, most Americans would prefer the window, according to survey commissioned by Quartz and SurveyMonkey .
Share
Tap image to zoom
The poll was fielded on September 2-3 and results were collected from a representative sample of 500 Americans using SurveyMonkey Audience .
The preference for windows doesn’t change based on how often Americans fly. But American travelers who fly more than once a year prefer the aisle more than the rest of the population.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Those frequent flyers aren’t exclusively business travelers. Americans who travel primarily for business still prefer the window. It’s the travelers who split their time flying for both business and personal reasons that like the aisle most.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Americans from households making at least $150,000 annually have the weakest preference for the window and the highest preference for the aisle compared to other income groups.

This Putin buddy is going to make a bundle from the Alibaba IPOYou'd be smiling too. (REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov)
SHARE
Heather Timmons @HeathaT
September 19, 2014
Russia’s richest man, Alisher Usmanov, is about to get a little richer. The oligarch, steel baron, and tech investor, whose net worth is estimated at $16.3 billion , invested in Alibaba multiple times, including in 2011, when the company was worth about one-fifth of its $168 billion valuation, based on its $68 a share stock price when it starts trading on the NYSE this morning.
Usmanov’s total holding in Alibaba is not public, but his ownership is mentioned in a report by the US-China Economic and Security Review Commission on the “risks” of investing in Chinese internet companies. Usmanov purchased the stock through two entities that have made multiple investments in the online shopping giant.
He owns one-third of Digital Sky Technologies (DST), an operating company started by Russian tech investor Yuri Milner in 2005 (which, despite its tech focus has a remarkably rudimentary website.)  A group led by DST, Silverlake Partners, and Yunfeng Capital invested $1.6 billion in Alibaba in 2011, when the company was valued at about $32 billion. Silverlake, Yunfeng, and “affiliated entities” own 4% of Alibaba after the IPO.
Late last year DST  dumped its shares in Facebook and other US tech stocks, raising $300 billion, and invested in Chinese companies including Alibaba.
Usmanov also founded USM Holdings, which lists Alibaba as one of its technology investments.
Usmanov is one of Russian president Vladimir Putin’s “oligarchs, ” a group of businessmen with close ties to the Kremlin, and last year Putin awarded him Russia’s highest civilian award, the Order for Service to the Fatherland. Anti-Putin activists have also called for the US to sanction Usmanov to punish Putin for the invasion of Ukraine. In April, Usmanov cut his stake in USM Holdings to just under 50% , a move that would mean any of USM’s assets would not be frozen if Usmanov was put on the US sanctions list.
 

Federal Bank launches new version of e-passbookFederal Bank launches new version of e-passbook
Our Bureau
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
Federal Bank on Friday said it has launched a new version of its electronic passbook called ‘FedBook’.
Customers can now monitor their loan accounts, keep track of their cheques and view their deposit accounts with ease, the old generation private sector bank said in a statement.
The new version of FedBook, among others, provides the account holders with the current balance, interest rate, loan period, installment amount, due date of remittance, amount due of their various loan accounts on their cell phones.
In the case of deposit accounts – Recurring and Fixed Deposits, Deposits with re-investment plan (Cash Certificates) -- the opening balance, latest balance, interest rate, date of opening, maturity date, and period of deposit can be viewed, the statement said.
The application can also provide the full list of deposits of the customer sorted in the order of maturity.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Sushma Swaraj inaugurates Nalanda UniversitySushma Swaraj inaugurates Nalanda University
PTI
PTI External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj lights the lamp with Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi during formal inauguration of Nalanda University at International Convention Centre in Rajgir on Friday.
Rajgir (Bihar), Sept 19:  
Ancient Nalanda University, which once attracted students from across the world, was today formally inaugurated in its modern ‘avatar’ by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj here.
Hailing the occasion, Swaraj said as in the past the university would serve as ‘bridge and foundation’ in linking the country with the world through knowledge.
“It is wrong to say that today we are rejuvenating the 427 AD Nalanda University because tradition never dies ...
Nalanda is not just a university but a tradition.
“Nalanda University is a link between the past, present and future,” she said at the function held at the International Conventional Centre.
Nalanda University was deeply etched in history and like in ancient times would serve as a magnet to attract students from across the globe, Swaraj said, adding during her recent visit to Bangladesh she found people there were interested in it.
Seeing the ‘tremendous response’ to the university it has now been decided that it would not be confined only to east Asian nations but would be opened to students from other countries too, she said and promised all help to it.
The Centre had already alloted Rs 2,727 crore, which would be spent in building a high class campus of the university in 10 years, Swaraj said.
The minister supported Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi’s request to the Centre for an airport here so that foreign students and dignatories could reach the university, which is situated about 12 km from the ruins of the ancient one and 100 km from Patna, easily.
Manjhi was present at the function along with many foreign dignatories, besides members of his ministry.
The foreign dignatories included Lim Thuan Kuan, Singapore High Commissioner to India and Chalit Manityakur, ambassador of Thailand in India. Diplomats from Australia, Vietnam, Germany, Japan and Laos were also present.
Secretary, East, to the External Affairs Ministry Anil Wadwah and university Vice-chancellor Gopa Sabarwal, faculty member Lord Meghnad Desai, former diplomat N K Singh and a host of intellectuals were also present on the occasion.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

PowerGrid  RINL to form equal joint ventureHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
PowerGrid, RINL to form equal joint venture
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd’s board of directors has accorded its approval for the formation of an equal joint venture company with Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited for setting up a facility for manufacturing Transmission Line Towers & Tower Parts at Vishakhapatnam.
PGCIL and RINL are “Navaratna” Central Public Sector Enterprises. PGCIL is India’s largest Electric Power Transmission Utility. Besides power transmission, it has two other lines of business – telecom and consultancy, RINL is India’s first shore based integrated steel plant.
According to PGCIL’s notice to the BSE, its board of directors at its meeting held on September 17 also accorded its approval for investment for 'Procurement of Telecom Equipment , DCPS and Air-Conditioning System for Augmentation of Telecom Backbone and Access Network’ at an estimated cost of Rs. 331.88 Crore, with commissioning schedule of 24 months from the date of award.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Tourism Ministry eyes 1% of world tourist arrivalsTourism Ministry eyes 1% of world tourist arrivals
Navadha Pandey
Culinary Survey of India to be launched soon
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
The Ministry of Tourism aims to get 1 per cent of the world tourist arrivals, as against the current 0.64 per cent. “In 2013, we got 69.7 lakh tourist arrivals and expect to cross 73 lakh tourist arrivals in 2014,” Parvez Dewan, Secretary, Ministry of Tourism, said at a conference here to discuss the initiatives taken and roadmap ahead.
The country witnessed 16.9 per cent growth in foreign tourist arrivals in August 2014 compared to the same month last year.
Tourism and Culture Minister Shripad Naik said, “To ensuring hassle free movement in and around various Archaeological Survey of India sites, we have undertaken a new initiative under which a draft MoU has been circulated to all the State Governments for this.”
Also, digital collection of nearly 10,000 images in respect of 10 selected museums has been undertaken and the website ‘Museumsofindia.gov.in’ is expected to be up soon.
Culinary survey
The Ministry has launched ‘Culinary Survey of India’ for identification, documentation and archiving of recipes across the country. It also recently laid the foundation stone for Indian Culinary Institute in Tirupati.
Dewan said, “Initially, we are aiming to garner 600 recipes and will archive them in both written and video format. We will also start training schools for cooks to encourage research in molecular gastronomy and international techniques in cooking.”
Apart from this, the Ministry will soon launch a Cleanliness Index which would rank all tourist destinations in the country.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Nalanda University reopens after 800 years  Sushma Swaraj inaugurates academicsessionExternal Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj lights the lamp with Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi during formal inauguration of Nalanda University at International Convention Centre in Rajgir on Friday (Source: PTI )
Indo-Asian News Service | Patna | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:50 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 5:52 pm
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj Friday inaugurated the revived Nalanda University , renowned as a centre for learning till it was burnt down 800 years ago by an invading Turkish army .
Swaraj said it was a matter of pride for her to inaugurate the academic session of the university after a gap of over 800 years.
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi presents a bouquet of flowers to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj in Rajgir on Friday. (Source: PTI)
“I am really upbeat that I got this opportunity…,” she said at an event held in the Buddhist pilgrim town of Rajgir in Nalanda district, about 100 km from here.
The university will be built in Rajgir, 12 km from where the ancient Nalanda University stood till the 12th century.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj at the formal inauguration of Nalanda University at International Convention Centre in Rajgir on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi also accompanied her. Senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader and former deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi was also present.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj meets students of Nalanda University during the university’s formal inauguration in Rajgir on Friday. (Source: PTI)
However, former Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar, who played a major role in setting up the university, was not invited, university officials said.
According to the university Vice Chancellor Gopa Sabhrawal, ambassadors of Singapore, Thailand and representatives of other countries involved in setting up the university were present at the function.
Classes at the varsity started September 1 with 15 students and half-a-dozen faculty members.
Nalanda University Vice-Chancellor Gopa Sabarwal presents a memento to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj during the university’s formal inauguration in Rajgir on Friday. (Source: PTI)
The fully-residential university, continued…

France strikes Islamic State groups depot in Iraq  kills dozens offightersFrench President Francois Hollande announced that the target was "entirely destroyed". (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Paris | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:46 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 7:09 pm
Iraq’s military spokesman says four French airstrikes killed dozens of fighters from the Islamic State group in a contested area of northern Iraq.
French President Francois Hollande announced the first airstrikes Friday morning, saying Rafale fighter jets struck a logistics depot in northeastern Iraq, and the target was “entirely destroyed.” The US has also carried out airstrikes against the extremist group.
Qassim al-Moussawi, spokesman for the Iraqi military, said four French airstrikes hit the town of Zumar, killing dozens of extremist fighters. Zumar and surrounding towns have remained heavily contested by Islamic State fighters, even though Iraqi and Kurdish security forces have managed to make headway in nearby regions with the support of US airstrikes.

Gold falls toward 8-mth low as US Fed outlook strengthensdollarPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:45 pm
Gold today fell toward an eight-month low after the Federal Reserve raised its interest-rate forecasts this week, strengthening the dollar.
Gold lost 0.2 per cent to USD 1,222.71 an ounce. Prices are down a third week and reached USD 1,216.03 yesterday, the lowest since January 2. Silver also lost 0.1 per cent to USD 18.51 an ounce. It reached USD 18.29 yesterday, the lowest since June 2013.
Gold fell 0.6 per cent this week as the US central bank raised its estimate for the federal funds rate even as policy makers kept a pledge to hold borrowing costs near zero for a considerable time after ending debt buying.
The dollar soared to a 14-month high versus the euro yesterday.

British stocks  pound jump on Scotland s "no" voteEMAIL
 
Ballot boxes are brought for vote counting at the Emirates Sports Arena in Glasgow on Sept. 18, 2014, after the polls close in the referendum on Scotland’s independence. The question for voters at Scotland’s more than 5,000 polling stations is “Should Scotland be an independent country?” and they are asked to mark either “Yes” or “No”. The result was “No.” AFP PHOTO/ANDY BUCHANANAndy Buchanan/AFP/Getty Images ORG XMIT: 3163 ORIG FILE ID: 533540529
Financial markets around the globe breathed a sigh of relief as Scotland voted against  becoming an independent country, a news flash that removed much of the political and economic risk a separation from the U.K.would have caused.
In a 55% to 45% vote, Scotland voters opted to keep its more than 300-year-old union with Britain intact, ending a period of massive uncertainty for markets, especially those centered in London.
After the vote, stocks in London rose sharply, with the benchmark FTSE 100 index gaining nearly 0.8% to 6870. The blue-chip London stock gauge has now rallied nearly 2% since its recent low hit Tuesday on fears Scotland would vote “yes” for independence. Other major European stock indexes also rose, with Germany’s DAX up o.8%, the CAC in Paris 0.5% higher and the broader Stoxx 600 index up 0.8%.
The British pound also rallied sharply vs. the U.S. dollar, although much of the gains came Thursday in anticipation of the “no” vote and a strong relief rally once the vote results were announced Friday. The pound rose to 1.64 up from 1.6383 Thursday to its highest level since Sept. 3. At the peak of the fear surrounding Scotland’s possible exit from the U.K. the pound had fallen as low as 1.606.
Pre-market trading on Wall Street also pointed to a sympathy rally. In futures trading before the opening bell, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 70 points, or 0.4%, after hitting its 17th record of the year in Thursday trading at 17,265.99. The S&P 500-stock index was also trading up in the pre-market by 0.3%. The broad U.S. market gauge is also coming off a record-setting performance, notching its 34th record close of 2014 Thursday.
U.S. markets are eagerly awaiting the first day of trading for Alibaba, the Chinese Internet giant that priced its shares Thursday night at $68 per share, which means it will raise $21.8 billion, making it the largest U.S. IPO in history.
The “no” vote for independence in Scotland doesn’t put an end to all the political risks in the U.K., but what it does do is eliminate all the financial uncertainties surrounding a breakup, ranging from impacts on currencies and the divvying up of financial assets shared by Scotland and other U.K. members.

USFDA continues to audit Sun Pharma s Halol plantLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
USFDA continues to audit Sun Pharma's Halol plant
After this 11-day long audit, where the FDA just took a break just on Sunday; they are expected to wrap up its inspections by the end of the day.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
The USFDA’s surprise inspections at Sun Pharma 's Halol facility that had started on Sept 8, is still in continuation. Sources say, three of USFDA inspectors are still at the Halol facility and are focusing on sterile units and microbiology labs, reports CNBC TV18’s Archana Shukla.
Sources indicate that USFDA inspectors just briefly audited manufacturing systems and have concentrated more on the quality control labs. FDA is believed to be assessing data and records primarily in the HPLC site and micro data site.
Based on indications, issues that USFDA has noted are similar to what we have seen in the previous cases – like incomplete records, concurrent data not matching, records not being maintained. These observations in the past have been treated as adverse observations. However, how does USFDA treat these in this case will only be known after the audit ends.
After this 11-day long audit, where the FDA just took a break just on Sunday; they are expected to wrap up its inspections by the end of the day.
Since there has been a thorough audit, a list of observations in Form 483 is expected, suggest sources. However, it would be premature to say if all of these would be severe or not.
In a procedural format, USFDA issues a form 483 with its observations at the end of the audit, giving the company a timeframe to rectify deviations, if any.
Halol facility is an important site for Sun and contributes nearly 25 percent to company’s profitability.
RELATED NEWS

Broking houses suggest 11 midcaps for retail investorsNew to Moneycontrol - Sign up now
Its easy and FREE!
Username should be atleast 4 characters
Password
Password should be 6-10 characters
Confirm Password

Does JK Tyre deserve to trade at higher valuationsSep 19, 2014, 04.55 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Does JK Tyre deserve to trade at higher valuations?
The EBIDT margin, if you take among the four top players, it is the lowest in JK Tyre. It is around nine percent against 11 percent or 12 percent in case of MRF. In case of valuations it is the cheapest, says Mehraboon Irani of Nirmal Bang.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Does JK Tyre deserve to trade at higher valuations?
The EBIDT margin, if you take among the four top players, it is the lowest in JK Tyre. It is around nine percent against 11 percent or 12 percent in case of MRF. In case of valuations it is the cheapest, says Mehraboon Irani of Nirmal Bang.
Post your opinion here
02:30 pm
JK Tyre and Industries is the cheapest of all tyre stocks, does it deserve to trade at higher valuations?
Below is the transcript of Mehraboon Irani and Dipan Mehta’s interview with CNBC-TV18's Sonia Shenoy and Senthil Chengalvarayan.
Sonia: Ceat has run up substantially, so has Apollo Tyres. If you look at the performance of JK Tyre and Industries, this week it has been exceptional; it is a 30 percent gain this week. But do you think given the valuation gap that it has perhaps the gap could narrow?
Irani: I personally feel the gap is justified but if you are asking me purely from the stock price angle it is distinctly possible looking at the volumes and the count over the last three days the way the stock has gone and momentum picking up people are now discussing the stock more. Like earlier I used to mention in tyres people would mention  Ceat , MRF  and Apollo Tyres . Now people are also mentioning JK Tyre and Industries . In that particular case the discounting could possibly narrow a little bit.
The EBIDT margin, if you take among the four top players, it is the lowest in JK Tyre. It is around nine percent against 11 percent or 12 percent in case of MRF. In case of valuations it is the cheapest, yes but the EBIDT margin is the lowest. Its balance sheet is strained with Rs 2,500 crore debt and if you take an earning pressure next year of around Rs 80, the stock going at around 6p vis-à-vis MRF which is going at around 10.5p, if you look at FY16 earnings. We are looking at MRF having an earnings per share (EPS) of around Rs 3,200 in 2016. At Rs 31,700 or Rs 31,800 it is the best stock to buy.
In the next two years if tyre prices remain at the same level where they are, I won’t be surprised if MRF is a Rs 50,000 stock; lovely balance sheet, Rs 3,100 EPS, all going for MRF according to me and they are also planning to take an entry into the international markets, a little bit more aggressively because more or less right now it is a domestic player.
I always believed in preferring companies which don’t have strain in the balance sheet and MRF with its pedigree, and let’s not forget, MRF is one company which, if you check up with tyre dealers they will tell you that they don’t believe in price cut, they don’t believe in discounts being offered, they don’t believe in too much of price cuts, they have a super brand.
So, if have to select one stock despite slightly higher valuations vis-à-vis JK Tyre, I would still stick to MRF.
Sonia: What is your view? Do you also believe that it is justified the valuation discount that JK trades at and one should not buy it at this point?
Mehta: I completely agree with Mr Mehraboon Irani. I can’t find any fault with his logic over there and just as he spoke about MRF which appears to be his favourite tyre company, we can leave aside JK Tyre and I can talk about my favourite tyre company which is Balkrishna Industries . If you look at the track record of that company, it has been fabulous over the past 3-4 years and they have a differentiated business models where it doesn’t supply to run of the mill automobile industry but is more into off the road (OTR) tyres which go into construction and industrial equipment. So, one would prefer such companies rather than laggards such as JK Tyre. Past track record plays a very important role.
Senthil: The question we are asking is not whether the valuation gap is justified but given current state of euphoria, given the current state of people looking for bargains, leaving aside the fundamentals, do you anyway see JK Tyre narrowing valuation gaps?
Mehta: No, I don't think so. The valuation gaps may continue to remain and although the P/E multiple in absolute number may go up but that is possibly because the entire tyre industry valuation and P/E multiple has moved up. So market has its own way of differentiating companies by assigning them high or low P/E multiples depending upon a lot of qualitative factors and although investors can look at the arbitrage opportunities, which means that hopefully the P/E multiple of JK Tyre will start moving up to around about the industry averages but in my experience, that usually doesn't happen and markets always tend to distinguish between good companies and bad companies within the same industry.
Senthil: He mentioned Balkrishna, they have got a unique model off-road, they have got a model of manufacturing in various countries -- do you think this whole scenario of hyper competitiveness, foreigners coming in, MRF's conservativeness could be a factor that could see it lose market share, it could see it gets less nimble?
Irani: I think they are certainly a risk factors. You have rightly pointed it out but then somewhere along the line, you believe -- you give a benefit of doubt over there, that company which has been there for so many years will possibly take care of all these things which come in its way. I think yes, foreign competition is a threat of MRF and to most of the tyre players so whether the company will possibly endure it, face it and come out strongly, I personally think it will be yes. But I definitely agree with Dipan's choice Balkrishna. In fact if I have to take two stocks it will be MRF and Balkrishna. Dipan will have Balkrishna at number one and MRF at possibly number two, I will definitely have Balkrishna at close number two.
Sonia: In terms of market share, do you think JK Tyres - it is anyway the leader in the truck and bus radial segment with about 35 percent market share and given that the bus business is picking up with Ashok Leyland, Tata Motors etc are getting a lot of bus orders, do you think that JK Tyre could benefit on account of that and perhaps gain more ground in terms of market share?
Irani: I would say that Dipan brought out the point very well. It is the past of the company also. What happens is basically the momentum can take this stock higher. I definitely feel that the discounting could narrow down but over a period of one year, I think this discounting will be back where it is right now.
Number two is ultimately the end of it all, at the present valuations, which are not very expensive but you are talking of rubber prices being benign at the same level for a period of 12-15-18 months that is a great assumption. Right now what is happening is in Vietnam and Thailand and the way the rubber has been produced fine, rubber prices are under pressure, will they be in the pressure 12-14 months later? If they move up marginally, you can expect the discount to possibly widen over a period of one year because at that point of time people will go back to MRF, people will go back to Balkrishna and people may go back to Apollo. So other tyre companies may take a backseat at that point of time. So it is great. All the stocks definitely catch up in terms of valuation to some extent in a market in which all factors are in favour. Rubber is 45 percent of the raw material cost of tyre companies. So that is fine. It is distinctly possible.
But if you are buying the stock knowing fully well that rubber is at all time low, stocks have gone up too sharply, what should I buy? You possibly prefer to stick to MRF, Balkrishna and Apollo was in my list but what it did last year, it is something which has left a bitter taste. So I would stick between these two despite the fact that JK Tyre would give me definitely a slightly better appreciation in the shorter term vis-à-vis at this relatively.
RELATED NEWS

Elle ne reconnat plus son pre sans sa barbeBébé ne reconnaît pas son père sans sa barbe et fond en larmes (VIDÉO)
Le HuffPost
reddit
Cette petite fille aimait visiblement beaucoup la barbe de son papa. Quand ce dernier s'est rasé et s'est montré pour la première fois à sa fille ainsi, bébé n'a pas compris ce qu'il se passait .
Décontenancée la petite fille reste bouche bée devant le nouveau visage de son père avant de fondre en larmes et de se réfugier dans les bras de sa mère. La surprise ne lui a pas vraiment plu (voir vidéo en tête d'article).
Vue près de 2,5 millions de fois depuis sa mise en ligne le 12 septembre, cette vidéo est inspirée d'un autre succès YouTube. En 2012, une autre petite fille avait ému le Web en explosant en larmes devant son papa rasé de près. Un gros chagrin à 5 millions de vues .

ONGC says Rs 81 800-cr investment lined up in new and existing projectsONGC says Rs 81 800-cr investment lined up in new and existing projects
Royal Bank of Scotland leads UK FTSE higher as Scotland vote to stay with BritainRoyal Bank of Scotland leads UK FTSE higher as Scotland vote to stay with Britain
RS Kalsi follows Mayank Pareek s exit from Maruti SuzukiRS Kalsi follows Mayank Pareek s exit from Maruti Suzuki
Positive for Dr Reddys in pharma sector: Mayuresh JoshiPositive for Dr Reddys in pharma sector: Mayuresh Joshi
Sensex ends day 22 points down; Nifty above 8100Sensex ends day 22 points down; Nifty above 8100
Parekh Distributors to hold AGMParekh Distributors to hold AGM
Indian analysts welcome Richard Verma s nomination as US ambassador to IndiaIndian analysts welcome Richard Verma s nomination as US ambassador to India
Inventure Growth & Securities: AGM on Sept 25  2014Sep 19, 2014, 05.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Inventure Growth & Securities: AGM on Sept 25, 2014
Inventure Growth & Securities has informed that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Inventure Growth & Securities: AGM on Sept 25, 2014
Inventure Growth & Securities has informed that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Inventure Growth & Securities Ltd has informed BSE that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

BDH Industries: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 19, 2014, 05.24 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
BDH Industries: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
BDH Industries has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 17, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BDH Industries: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
BDH Industries has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 17, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
BDH Industries Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 17, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

India Lease Development: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 19, 2014, 05.23 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
India Lease Development: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
India Lease Development has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India Lease Development: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
India Lease Development has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
India Lease Development Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 18, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Yes dominated on Scottish independence till September 18On Twitter, ‘Yes’ dominated on Scottish independence till September 18
AJ Vinayak
Mangalore, September 19:  
Finally it is a ‘no’ for Scottish independence.
However, from August 5 (the first televised debate on the referendum for independence of Scotland) till September 18, it was the ‘yes’ that ruled the referendum on Twitter.
In a blog post on September 18 on the UK blog of Twitter, Joanna Geary, Head of News, Twitter UK, said that since the first televised debate on August 5, there have been more than seven million Tweets about the referendum.
The popular hash tag for referendum on Scotish independence was #IndyRef with 3.75 million tweets. This was followed by #VoteYes at 1.1 million, #Scotland 439,000, #ScotDecides at 272,000 and #BetterTogether at 224,000.
The blog post said that there have been 1.55 million tweets mentioning hashtags related to the ‘Yes’ campaign since August 5 as against 5,00,000 Tweets related to the ‘No’ campaign hashtags.
In another blog post on Friday, she said that from 7 am on Thursday (when the polls started) till 7 am of Friday morning, Twitter users sent 2,603,497 Tweets.
When the result was finally confirmed at 6.11 am on Friday morning Twitter generated a peak of 5,212 Tweets per minute (TPM). She said that it was the highest peak in TPM recorded during the referendum process as a whole. Earlier peaks were seen during the referendum debates on August 5 with 2,019 TPM and August 25 with 2,213 TPM.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Monitise losses outpace revenue growthLosses grow faster than revenues at Monitise
By Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/50d4e120-3cac-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

500 migrants feared dead in Malta shipwreck500 migrants feared dead in Malta shipwreck
Reuters
print
More than 700 people fleeing Africa and the West Asia may have drowned in the latest shipwrecks in the Mediterranean, bringing the death toll this year to almost 3,000, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said on Monday.
In the worst incident, as many as 500 migrants are believed to have died after traffickers rammed their ship off Malta's coast last week, an event that only came to light this weekend in testimony from two of the nine survivors.
The survivors said the traffickers ordered the migrants to change vessels in the middle of the Mediterranean. The migrants refused, leading to a confrontation that ended when traffickers rammed the ship carrying the migrants, IOM spokesperson Christiane Berthiaume told Reuters in Geneva.
"Some 500 people were on board - Syrians, Palestinians, Egyptians and Sudanese. They were trying to reach Europe," Berthiaume said.
"That means that 700 people perished at sea these last days in the Mediterranean, the deadliest incidents in the space of a few days," she said.
In this handout picture released by the Italian Navy migrants sit in a boat during a rescue operation off the coast of Sicily. (AFP photo/Marina Militare)
The vessel had set off on Saturday, September 6 from Damiette, Egypt, and sank off Malta's coast on September 10, she said. The UN refugee agency also learned of the shipwreck, but said its information was the wreck occurred on Friday.
"In all, nine people survived and were picked up boats," Berthiaume said. IOM officials interviewed two Palestinian survivors who were taken to Sicily, Italy, while other survivors were taken to Malta and to Crete, Greece, Berthiaume said.
Four days later, another ship packed with up to 250 African emigrants sank off the Libyan coast, and most of them are feared dead, a spokesperson for the Libyan navy said late on Sunday. Some 26 people survived.
The UN refugee agency UNHCR said the situation in the Mediterranean was unclear and it was trying to get confirmation of five shipwrecks in all. "At least 500 people have died or are missing in the last three days", UNHCR spokesperson Francis Markus said in an email.
In this handout picture released by the Italian Navy migrants sit in a boat during a rescue operation off the coast of Sicily. (AFP photo/Marina Militare)
"It was without any doubt the deadliest weekend ever in the Mediterranean," Carlotta Sami of the UNHCR said.
Some 130,000 people have arrived in Europe by sea so far this year, compared with 60,000 last year, according to the UNHCR. Italy has received more than 118,000, most of them rescued at sea under its naval operation Mare Nostrum.
UN high commissioner for refugees Antonio Guterres and UNHCR special envoy Angelina Jolie visited the naval rescue headquarters in Malta on Sunday, meeting survivors, the agency said in a statement issued on Monday.
"Amidst concerns about the sustainability of the Italian Mare Nostrum operation, they also called for increased efforts by European nations to contribute to rescue efforts and reduce deaths at sea," the UNHCR said.
Half of those arriving in Europe by boat are refugees from Syria and Eritrea, according to the agency.
Angelina Jolie, centre, who serves as Special Envoy for the United Nations High Commission for Refugees, listens to officers in the Maltese military discuss rescue at sea operations for refugees at a military base in Valetta, Malta. (AP Photo) 
"We all need to wake up to the scale of this crisis. There is a direct link between the conflicts in Syria and elsewhere and the rise in deaths at sea in the Mediterranean. We have to understand what drives people to take the fearful step of risking their children's lives on crowded, unsafe vessels; it is the overwhelming desire to find refuge," Jolie said.
"It is also part of a bigger problem - the soaring numbers of people displaced by conflicts around the world today, which now stands at over 51 million. Unless we address the root causes of these conflicts, the numbers of refugees dying or unable to find protection will continue to rise," she said.

ECB poised to start its lending spreeECB poised to start its lending spree this week
By Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/868c7380-3ce0-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

As defiende un tertuliano de TVE el Toro de la VegaPrevious Story
Next Story
Un tertuliano de TVE defiende el Toro de la Vega: "En Mozambique los cocodrilos matan personas"
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
El Toro de la Vega de Tordesillas se ha colado en la tertulia de La Mañana de La1 de TVE en la que uno de sus tertulianos, el analista forense Javier Durán , cuando se le pedía que se pusiera en el lugar del toro que es lanceado hasta la muerte, ha defendido a quienes apoyan esta festividad con el siguiente argumento (a partir del minuto 50:05):
"Vente tú conmigo a Mozambique como estuve yo allí mucho tiempo trabajando y viendo en la selva lo que hacían los animales con las personas. Allí los leones, los cocodrilos y los hipopótamos mataban todos los días personas. Entonces, si vas allí tienes que ser antianimalista. O sea, es que no podemos llevar las cosas a los extremos".
Después, cuando otro tertuliano le ha recriminado su posición, Durán ha asegurado que no está de acuerdo pero que lo que quería era "enfrentar una postura como la que tenemos encima de la mesa hoy":
"Yo no estoy de acuerdo con el maltrato animal, no soy taurino, personalmente no me gustan los toros, este tipo de espectáculos tampoco, pero sí soy defensor de la libertad colectiva. Lo que no me parece bien es que un grupo de personas pueda impedir que otro grupo de personas mayor ejerza esa libertad que, legalmente, les está otorgada".
Posteriormente, la presentadora, Mariló Montero, ha criticado el "linchamiento verbal" entre los ciudadanos "cuando se está a favor y en contra". "No me gusta el tono del debate social, no me gusta que se insulte a personas que tiene una opinión distinta a la tuya. Defiendo la libertad de pensamiento, la libertad de expresión y la libertad de opinión. Y luego que se pongan a debatir si esto es una fiesta ancestral o medieval", ha añadido Montero, quien ha lamentado lo que considera un "linchamiento" al humorista Leo Harlem, que iba a ser pregonero de Tordesillas, pero que desistió por las críticas recibidas .
Debate y participa con tu voto y tus argumentos:
TE PUEDE INTERESAR

Orange is the new JazztelEmail
Comentarios
Orange se ha tomado al pie de la letra el objetivo de crecer... a costa de reducir. La compañía de France Télécom , uno de los gigantes de las telecomunicaciones, ha sacado la billetera para hacerse con la española Jazztel . Una operación previsible tras la compra de ONO por parte de Vodafone.
Para Jazztel, la compra supone una tabla de salvación. Para Orange, consolidarse en un mercado que, año a año, se ha concentrado hasta el punto de quedar en manos de solo tres actores. Tres empresas robustas —Telefónica, Vodafone y Orange— a las que cada vez le hacen menos daño esas pequeñas firmas que intentan hacerse un hueco, aunque sea mínimo, en un sector tan relevante como el que integra las conexiones a Internet, la telefonía móvil y fija o la televisión por cable.
¿Qué ha pasado? ¿Cuáles son los detalles de la operación? ¿Cómo te afectará?
Y en el principio fue la OPA
Orange ha lanzado una OPA amistosa del 100% sobre Jazztel —es decir, se la queda toda— por 3.332 millones de euros. Y lo hará sin contemplaciones: pagando a tocateja. Antes de hacerse pública la oferta, el presidente del consejo de administración de Jazztel y principal accionista (14,48%) , Leopoldo Fernández Pujals, ya había dado su visto bueno. No en vano, hace un negocio redondo: el fundador de Telepizza desembolsó 62 millones de euros en 2004 por hacerse con el 24,9% de Jazztel . Realizadas las cuentas pertinentes, habrá ganado 420 millones de euros en 10 años. Es decir, más de 100.00 euros al día.
Orange compra Jazztel
Un momento, ¿pero Jazztel ha aceptado la oferta?
Sí. Ha visto con buenos ojos los 13 euros por acción de Jazztel —que también contempla  una prima del 8,33%— ofrecidos por Orange. La firma ha comunicado a la Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (CNMV) mediante un hecho relevante el sí al matrimonio por absorción. De hecho, Orange llevaba bastantes meses dejándose querer. Que el pretendiente sea una de las primeras telecos del mundo es un motivo más para caer rendida a sus pies.
Como en los mejores matrimonios, Jazztel aparte de dar el sí quiero ha jurado fidelidad al comprometerse “de forma irrevocable” a aceptar la propuesta de Orange aunque otros competidores presenten una oferta alternativa a toro pasado. Eso sí, en el caso de que cuantitativamente las nuevas propuestas fueran mejores, Orange debería mejorar su oferta.
El Estado francés, de lejos el primer accionista de Orange, ha dado su pleno respaldo a la operación y a su financiación, ha recalcado el presidente de Orange, Stéphane Richard.
Si eres accionista de Jazztel, Cinco Días ha publicado un detallado artículo con consejos y opciones .
Las implicaciones
La macro: el mercado de las telecomunicaciones continúa su paulatino camino hacia la concentración en Europa y, como consecuencia inevitable, en España. En marzo, Vodafone se comió a ONO . Y Telefónica es, en sí misma, un gigante. Cada vez hay menos actores que tocan a más porción de tarta.
Jazztel llevaba bastante tiempo buscando pretendiente y Orange se había quedado bastante rezagada respecto a sus competidores —en número de clientes, ofertas de fijo, móvil, televisión e Internet— y, la única opción de crecimiento, pasaba por sacar la chequera.
“La compra creará una operadora que controlará el 25% del mercado de banda ancha en España y fortalecerá su posición como el segundo mayor operador de banda ancha”, señala el analista de IHS Technology James Allison.
¿Cómo se lo ha tomado la Bolsa?
Muy bien. Las acciones de Jazztel cerraron la sesión con una subida del 6,10%, situando el precio en 12,780 euros, cerca de los 13 euros ofrecidos por el grupo francés. Pero, ¡ay! Orange no ha ido tan bien: sus títulos han caído un 1,35%.
Cotización de Jazztel en el último mes. Gráfico: Cinco Días.
¿Qué gana Orange con la compra?
Para empezar, 1,5 millones de clientes de Internet y otro tanto de telefonía móvil provenientes de Jazztel. Orange se afianzaría como tercer grupo de telecomunicaciones en España, con 3 millones de clientes de Internet y 14 millones en telefonía móvil.
Además se quedaría con la red de fibra óptica de la empresa fundada por Martin Varsavsky .
Y a ti, ¿cómo te afecta todo esto?
Del mismo modo que, por ejemplo, ha afectado a los clientes de ONO la compra por parte de Vodafone el pasado marzo. Por el momento, nada. El efecto sobre los consumidores es, a corto plazo, nulo. A medio escaso y, a largo plazo, es una incógnita.
En el caso de Vodafone-ONO , que puede servir de perfecto ejemplo, seis meses después no hay cambios que afecten ni para bien ni para mal ni a los clientes de una compañía ni a los de la otra. Aun se está a la espera, varios meses después, de que comiencen a lanzarse paquetes integrados Vodafone-One. Hay rumores, cábalas y todas las posibilidades están abiertas. Poco más.
En el caso de Jazztel y Orange todo está abierto. Ambas firmas deberán decidir si integrar las dos marcas en una o coexistir de la forma más amistosa posible. Habrá que esperar algunos meses para que empiecen a lanzarse ofertas integradas aprovechando lo mejor de cada compañía.
Como cliente no te afectará tanto esta compra como la concentración del sector, que provoca la consolidación de gigantes en detrimento de la competencia (a más actores, más opciones) y de las ofertas disponibles.
Y a todo esto, ¿qué pasa con Yoigo?
La pregunta no es menor. Ante el brutal cambio de panorama en el sector —Vodafone y Ono, Orange y Jazztel— Yoigo se queda más sola que la una. Desde hace meses figuraba en las quinielas de Orange y, hoy por hoy, ya no es una opción a tener en cuenta por la francesa. El director de operaciones de Orange para Europa, Gervais Pellisier, no ha dejado ni un atisbo de duda: “El proceso que acaba de lanzarse interrumpe para Jazztel y para nosotros”' los planes pasados para comprar ese otro “pequeño operado”.
Y una bofetada final: a juicio de Pellisier, el accionista principal de Yoigo tendrá que plantearse su futuro ahora que sus dos potenciales compradores han alterado sus planes.  Las salidas pasan, por tanto, por unirse a Telefónica o a Vodafone-Ono.
Más:

Deeper reform of housing finance is vitalDeeper reform of housing finance is vital for stability
By Martin Wolf
The huge bet we have taken on leveraging up property has gone very badly wrong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5a9aa84a-3e76-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple intercepts Microsoft s Surface tablet NFL playApple intercepts Microsoft's Surface tablet NFL play
Seattle Seahawks use Surface tablet
Luis Sinco / Los Angeles Times
Microsoft's Surface tablets are used on NFL sidelines, including the bench of the Seattle Seahawks, who played the Chargers at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego on Sunday.
Microsoft's Surface tablets are used on NFL sidelines, including the bench of the Seattle Seahawks, who played the Chargers at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego on Sunday. (Luis Sinco / Los Angeles Times)
Pro Football NFL Microsoft Surface Apple Inc. Television Industry Apple iPad Football
NFL blunders highlight the difficulty that Microsoft faces in a country dominated by Apple iPhones and iPads
Microsoft gave the NFL hundreds of Surface Pro 2 tablets, which the league distributes to teams before games
Analysts say Microsoft has been aggressively trying to change its image as a stodgy, business-driven company
Microsoft Corp. thought it had scored a touchdown when it struck a multiyear deal with the NFL that would allow teams to use the company's Surface tablets during games.
Too bad television announcers keep referring to the devices as iPads.
The tablet computers, covered in bright blue protective cases, have become a familiar sight on the sidelines this season as coaches and players turn to them to study opponents' moves, review previous possessions and strategize. They're replacing the pages of black-and-white photographs that had long been printed out using fax machines and printers and delivered in binders to teams dozens of times during a game.
Apple has essentially established the tablet market as iPad, and part of what Microsoft is trying to do here is change perceptions. - Daniel Ives, FBR Capital Markets
The confusion over the Surface tablets began during Week One of the season, when Fox commentator John Lynch told viewers that New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees was "not watching movies on his iPad" during a game. Lynch made things more awkward when he then said players had "iPad-like tools."
A similar slip-up occurred on "Monday Night Football" last week when ESPN's Trent Dilfer wondered how long it took Cardinals assistant head coach Tom Moore "to learn how to use the iPad."
And at Sunday's game between the San Diego Chargers and the Seattle Seahawks, a local television announcer balked when told the teams were using Surface devices.
"What? I thought it was an iPad," he said.
Microsoft, which reportedly paid $400 million to be the "official sideline technology sponsor of the NFL," is understandably miffed at the free publicity being bestowed upon Apple Inc., one of its biggest rivals.
"Despite the majority of our friends in the booth correctly identifying the Surface on NFL sidelines, we're working with the league to coach up a select few," a Microsoft spokesman said.
8
The blunders highlight the difficulty that many tech companies — even enormous ones such as Microsoft — face in a country dominated by iPhones and iPads.
"It's an Everest-like challenge for Microsoft, as well as other tech players that play in the tablet world, to distinguish themselves as their own brand," said Daniel Ives, managing director at FBR Capital Markets. "Apple has essentially established the tablet market as iPad, and part of what Microsoft is trying to do here is change perceptions. It has a lot of challenges in its path just given the cult-like movement behind Apple."
Apple is the No. 1 tablet maker in the world, followed by Samsung and Lenovo. Microsoft doesn't crack the top 5, according to research firm IDC.
Apple's dominance in the tablet market has actually waned recently. But that decline has been almost entirely due to tablets running Google's Android operating system, and not because of the Surface.
cComments
Seems that are slow times here, the i-watch launch and a bigger iphone are not so big news, old news are more relevant, (need to fill quota?) The funny thing is that the only receiving free advertising here is in fact, Microsoft. A friend of mine that work in advertising say that is a good...
teral_goe
2
Apple's iOS operating system held 52.8% of the worldwide tablet market in 2012, trailed by Android with 45.8%, according to a report by research firm Gartner.
That changed significantly last year, with Android surging ahead and dominating the market with 61.9% and Apple falling to 36%. Microsoft increased its foothold, but still commands only a 2.1% market share.
"In 2013, Microsoft's tablet volumes improved but share remained small," the Gartner report said. "Its ecosystem still failed to capture major consumers' interest on tablets."
Analysts say Microsoft has been aggressively trying to change its image as a stodgy, business-driven company. Led by new Chief Executive Satya Nadella, the tech giant has been focused on opening more Microsoft-branded retail stores, revamping products to make them more consumer-friendly and pushing for big partnerships such as the one with the NFL.
"Our goal with this NFL partnership was to leverage our technology to make the game more efficient, productive and competitive. Streamlining the photo viewing process is our first step toward that goal," Microsoft said in a blog post last month.
As part of the deal, Microsoft provided the NFL with hundreds of Surface Pro 2 tablets, which the league distributes to teams before each game. To ensure a level playing field, each team is given 13 tablets to use on the sideline and 12 to use in the coaches' booth; the teams can only view still photos, not videos, on the tablets, which aren't connected to the Internet.
The tablets are collected at the end of the game and stored by the NFL for safekeeping and to prevent tampering.
By and large, football players and coaches have welcomed the Surface, although many admitted there's been a learning curve. Over the summer, teams were trained by Microsoft representatives on how to use the tablets and were allowed to use the devices during practice to become familiar with them.
"It's been interesting," Cardinals quarterback Drew Stanton said. "Tom Moore, the second-oldest coach on our staff, is just getting used to operating it. So it gives him fits. Sometimes I have to show him how to do stuff.... He's sitting there trying to zoom in and tapping his finger repeatedly on the screen."
By signing the deal with the NFL last year, Microsoft expected prominent brand exposure. The thinking was, if Microsoft is good enough for the NFL, it must be good enough for viewers too.
"Like everything else, it's a good marketing tool for the NFL and for Microsoft, because [fans] get to see the guys over there looking at everything," Stanton said.
The partnership is rolling out in stages. Last year, teams began by hanging Microsoft ads around their stadiums as well as on the hoods of instant replay booths and communication carts near the field. Things ramped up this season with in-game team usage of Surface tablets on the sidelines, the first time that tablets have been allowed by the league during games.
Microsoft also has an individual team relationship with the Seahawks, who play near the company's Redmond, Wash., headquarters.
During training camp, the Seahawks wore logos for Bing — Microsoft's search engine — on their practice jerseys. And before the team's season opener, Microsoft employees gave Surface demos to game attendees at the stadium.
Brian Schneider, special teams coach for the Seahawks, said he has been impressed with the Surface experience. Previously he had to rely on black-and-white faxed pictures that made it hard to pick out uniform numbers, he said. Now the pictures are in color, there is zoom capability and he can write on the screen.
"This is the best technology we've had," he said.
Schneider said he's not surprised that broadcasters and others are struggling to understand that the devices are Surfaces, not iPads. But "that will change," he said. "It's just a matter of time."

When f-bombs went mainstream  who talks about terrorism  and other surprising cultural insights from big dataBy Caitlin Dewey September 18 Follow @caitlindewey
The Dude (Jeff Bridges), Donny (Steve Buscemi) and Walter (John Goodman) in “The Big Lebowski.” (Merrick Morton – Gramercy Pictures)
We tend to think of popular culture as an amorphous, unquantifiable thing — the stuff of critics and marketers and tenuous trend pieces . But thanks to the work of academics like Northeastern University history professor Benjamin Scmidt, who applies computer science and digital techniques to the humanities, we actually have far more objective, data-based insight into our cultural output than we’ve ever had before.
Case in point? Schmidt can tell you , with almost uncanny accuracy, exactly when f-bombs became okay on the big and small screens (the early 1970s, basically). He also knows when English-speakers subbed the phrase “need to” for the very prim-sounding “ought to” (1982). And when director Woody Allen abandoned themes of sex and death for money in his films (circa 1979).
The use of f-bombs in movies (orange) and TV shows (blue). (Movie Bookworm)
The use of the words “sex” (blue) and “money” (orange) in Woody Allen movies. (Movie Bookworm)
The source for all these fascinating insights isn’t old-timey research, either — it’s the result of a database tool, called Bookworm, that Schmidt and several collaborators have been working on for years. Bookworm essentially lets users visualize the use of words or phrases in a body of work (say, books or movies) over a period of time. In this new TV and movie iteration , the database pulls in subtitles and closed captions from the site OpenSubtitles.org and parses them as numbers: how many times a word or phrase is used, relative other words and phrases. Combined with metadata such as year, studio and language of origin, which comes from IMDB, the data set becomes quite powerful — a totally new lens through which to see not only TV and film, but also history.
“It can have some quite serious applications,” said Schmidt, who points out that historians already use tools like his to study 19th-century newspapers and other digitized texts. “If you search the phrases ‘global warming’ and ‘climate change,’ for instance, you can see people were talking about that a lot in the early 2000s. But right about 2008, 2009 — it falls off.”
The use of the phrases “climate change” (blue) and “global warming” (orange) in movies and TV over time. (Movie Bookworm)
And that has big implications for things such as public policy and perception, since research has also shown that even apparently frivolous movies on climate change — think “The Day After Tomorrow” — have a big impact on the way people understand the issue.
Use of the word “terrorism” in movies produced in English (blue), Arabic (orange), Hindi (green), Hebrew (red) and Russian (purple). Some data sets are notably smaller than others. (Movie Bookworm)
Mention of Iraq (blue), Iran (orange) and Syria (green) in English-language TV shows and movies. (Movie Bookworm)
Of course, Schmidt’s tool can be used frivolously, too: See “what year vampires overtook zombies” and “when people started saying ‘dude’ instead of ‘babe.’” (A Twitter-user coined this last one “The Big Lebowski effect”: “dudes” basically exploded after that movie. Which should surprise no one who’s seen it .)
The “Big Lebowski Effect”: when movies and TV shows started using “dude” (blue) instead of “babe” (orange). (Movie Bookworm)
The rise of Hollywood’s unfortunate love affair with vampires (blue) and zombies (orange). (Movie Bookworm)
But maybe the coolest thing about the Movie Bookworm, and other projects like it, is how mind-bogglingly infinite their possibilities are. We already have tools like Google’s Ngram Viewer , which shows word frequency in books, and the New York Times’ Chronicle , which shows word use over the paper’s history. But as more and more traditionally “analog” work is digitized, more applications spring up: Schmidt just got a grant to work on the country’s largest digitized library. There are troves of academic and magazine articles that haven’t yet been parsed this way. Most modern song lyrics are now available online, as are millions of recipes. Converted to data, what could those things tell us about culture? About food? About the ways both things have changed?
Time, and Bookworm, will probably tell: The tool enables other researchers to parse other bodies of text, so its potential is huge. Until then, we have an endless trove of new insights on TV and movies — which is pretty, ahem, out of this world.
Mention of space (blue) and aliens (orange) in English TV and movies over time. (Movie Bookworm)
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Illinois unemployment rate falls againIllinois unemployment rate falls again
Job fair
Tribune photo by David Pierini
Daniel Ojeda, the recruitment manager for the Illinois Department of Human Services, instructs Dolton resident Qiana Mosely on applying for a job during the Thornton Township Community Job Fair at South Suburban College in South Holland.
Daniel Ojeda, the recruitment manager for the Illinois Department of Human Services, instructs Dolton resident Qiana Mosely on applying for a job during the Thornton Township Community Job Fair at South Suburban College in South Holland. (Tribune photo by David Pierini)
Job Reports and Statistics Unemployment and Layoffs Job Market
Illinois' unemployment rate fell to 6.7 percent in August, only a slight decrease from the month before but marking the largest year-over-year decline since 1984.
The state's Department of Employment Security  said the rate represents a decline of two-and-a-half percentage points from the same time last year, when the unemployment rate was 9.2 percent. 
At the same time, Illinois employers created 13,800 private-sector jobs according to preliminary data released by IDES. 

Customers of some PSBs may not have to pay to use ATMsCustomers of some PSBs may not have to pay to use ATMs
Manojit Saha & Nupur Anand | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 12:49 AM IST
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has given banks the option of charging their customers for more than for five automated teller machine (ATM) transactions a month, from November this year. However, as a customer-friendly measure, several public-sector banks (PSBs) might not avail of this leeway.
Canara Bank Chairman & Managing Director R K Dubey said his bank was not planning to charge its customers. “I am of the view that the bank’s own customers should not be charged for ATM transactions. I will propose to the bank’s board that these be kept for our customers.”
Banks also believe charging for ATM transactions might deter card usage. “We have been trying to encourage the use of cards instead of cash. For this, people need to visit ATMs rather than coming to our branches. So, we are not in favour of capping free transactions for our own customers, at least initially,” said a senior Punjab National Bank executive.
FREE LUNCHES HERE
Canara Bank, PNB and IDBI Bank not likely to cap the number of free ATM transactions for their own customers
 
RBI had earlier given banks the option of charging their customers for more than five transactions a month
 
The number of free transactions at ATMs of non-home banks (both financial and non-financial ones) was also lowered to three from five
 
The new rules are applicable from November 1
To encourage customers to visit ATMs, banks have introduced several features, such as bill payments, cash deposits and cheque book request, on these machines.
The Chairman of another mid-sized public-sector bank also said he was not inclined to charge own customers for ATM transactions.
Bankers explained they were unwilling to increase ATM usage charges also because they saw a good customer-acquisition opportunity. “In many cases, customers use cards issued by government banks at the machines of private banks. And, therefore, government banks have to pay a lot as interchange fee (the amount a bank has to pay another if its customer makes a transaction at the latter’s ATM). If a government bank makes ATM usage free for its customers, it will encourage its customers to use the home-bank ATM network. This will help the bank lower its outgo on interchange fees. This is why government banks are not inclined to cap the number of ATM transactions for their own customers,” said a banking expert.
According to RBI data, state-run banks had a network of 116,664 ATMs across the country as of June.

Oracle cuts Ellisons share options awardOracle cuts Ellison’s share options award
By Richard Waters in San Francisco and Stephen Foley in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4490638-174a-11e4-87c0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks shun nations that need money mostEscalating fines make banks red line countries that need money most
By Jonathan Guthrie
Nomura’s Bennett warns on poor nations access to capital
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7f4eb7a-3f24-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba investors to reckon with Ma factorAlibaba investors must reckon with Jack Ma factor
By Richard Waters
Chinese ecommerce group could be ‘ultimate black swan company’
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c633bd0-3f44-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Courtesy of the Miller and Witheridgecourtesy of the miller and witheridge
Draghis eurozone jump start falls flatDraghi’s attempt to jump start stuttering eurozone falls flat
By Claire Jones in Frankfurt and Sam Fleming and Christopher Thompson in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/72bba0ee-3f13-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Monitises Visa issue shows tech struggleMonitise’s Visa issues reflect wider struggle with UK tech groups
By Sally Davies and Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/50f2b99a-3f2f-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oracle  new skippers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/e746cbda-3f6f-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

the savaging of Google© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/821c09c2-3e76-11e4-b7fc-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russias rich feel chill from the KremlinRussia’s rich feel chill wind from the Kremlin
Few will invest in a country that uses state power so arbitrarily
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7285bec4-3f23-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China reportedly arrests own diplomat as spyChina reported to have arrested own envoy as spy
By Charles Clover
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/749331ac-3f54-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nomuras UK arm rises from Lehman legacyNomura’s London arm rises from Lehman legacy
By Martin Arnold and Daniel Schäfer
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e41bb0c2-3f26-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nomura / UBM / ElectraEscalating fines make banks red line countries that need money most
By Jonathan Guthrie
Nomura’s Bennett warns on poor nations access to capital
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e7f4eb7a-3f24-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Boom in UK housing market easesBoom in UK housing market eases
By Emily Cadman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/98f6f18e-38d1-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK in its present design is in peril after pollLast updated: September 19, 2014 8:58 pm
The union lives on – but in its present design it may well be dead
By Janan Ganesh
The UK may have survived but the outcome is confusing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/1ee0eb08-3f3d-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stiglitz  others try to solve the riddle© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/ec422956-3f22-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

City Insider: Weirs Cochrane leads NoesSeptember 19, 2014 12:39 am
Weir’s Cochrane leads No charge
By Harriet Agnew
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f6ba9a6-3f5c-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

British PM lauds ScotsSep 19, 2014, 12.06 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
British PM lauds Scottish anti-independence campaign head
Cameron, who campaigned against Scottish independence along with the leaders of Britain's other two main political parties, is expected to make a televised statement welcoming the results of the referendum from his London offices at around 0600 GMT.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
British PM lauds Scottish anti-independence campaign head
Cameron, who campaigned against Scottish independence along with the leaders of Britain's other two main political parties, is expected to make a televised statement welcoming the results of the referendum from his London offices at around 0600 GMT.
Post your opinion here
 
British Prime Minister David Cameron on Friday congratulated Alistair Darling, the man who spearheaded the campaign against Scottish independence, as partial results indicated Scotland had voted to stay in the United Kingdom by a clear margin.
"I've spoken to Alistair Darling and congratulated him on a well-fought campaign," Cameron, whose own job would have been on the line in the event of a "Yes" vote, wrote on his official Twitter feed.
Cameron, who campaigned against Scottish independence along with the leaders of Britain's other two main political parties, is expected to make a televised statement welcoming the results of the referendum from his London offices at around 0600 GMT.
RELATED NEWS

New Deal: GTL Infra upSep 19, 2014, 11.10 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GTL Infra up 5% on tower sharing deal with Reliance Jio
Reliance Jio Infocomm and GTL Infrastructure (a Global Group enterprise and engaged in the business of shared passive telecom infrastructure in India) signed a master services agreement (MSA) for tower infrastructure sharing, said the company in its press release.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GTL Infra up 5% on tower sharing deal with Reliance Jio
Reliance Jio Infocomm and GTL Infrastructure (a Global Group enterprise and engaged in the business of shared passive telecom infrastructure in India) signed a master services agreement (MSA) for tower infrastructure sharing, said the company in its press release.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  GTL Infrastructure was locked at 5 percent upper circuit on Friday after the company signed tower infrastructure sharing deal with Reliance Jio Infocomm, a subsidiary of Reliance Industries .
Reliance Jio Infocomm and GTL Infrastructure (a Global Group enterprise engaged in the business of shared passive telecom infrastructure in India) signed a master services agreement (MSA) for tower infrastructure sharing. This was announced in a joint press release issued on Thursday..
GTL Infra, together with Chennai Network Infrastructure (CNIL), has a combined tower portfolio of more than 27,800 towers spread across 22 telecom circles in India that serve all major telecom operators. The company has a pan India tower portfolio that is balanced across key growth regions of metros, and B and C class circles.
"We are happy to be partnering with a leading 4G player like Reliance Jio. The launch of 4G networks and the rise in the consumption of data services is a growth driver for tower companies, and we at GTL Infra are geared up to capture the opportunity," said Charudatta Naik, CEO, Global Group.
At 10:51 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 3.16, up 4.98 percent on the BSE. There were pending buy orders of 1,707,565 shares, with no sellers available.
Disclosure: Reliance Industries (which owns Reliance Jio) has acquired management control of Network18, which owns TV18 Broadcast and moneycontrol.com 
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Bond markets join the dots on Fed ratesBond markets ‘join the dots’ on Fed rates
By Michael Mackenzie
Two-year Treasury yield rises to level last seen in May 2011
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9f64c4c6-3f46-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Nifty struggles below 8150; IT pharma leadSep 19, 2014, 01.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty struggles below 8150; IT & pharma lead
Defensive buying is seen in IT and pharma stocks. TCS, Cipla, Sun Pharma. Infosys and Wipro are top gainers in the Sensex while L&T, HUL, SBI and Axis Bank are major laggards.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty struggles below 8150; IT & pharma lead
Defensive buying is seen in IT and pharma stocks. TCS, Cipla, Sun Pharma. Infosys and Wipro are top gainers in the Sensex while L&T, HUL, SBI and Axis Bank are major laggards.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
01:55pm Moody's on Tata Group
Philipp Lotter, managing director-corporate finance from Moody's says rating upgrades of Tata Group companies were mainly on account of value creation done by Tata Group companies. He expects the group companies to continue benefiting from Tata brand.
Moody's Investors Service on September 18 had upgraded ratings of half a dozen Tata Group firms on account of Tata Sons' track record in providing timely support to these firms.
Although the house does not have any rating for Tata Teleservices, he believes the company will surely benefit just by being part of the Tata brand name.
With regards to Tata Power, Lotter beleives the company has a strong standalone business and is coming out of its worst times.
Moreover, the house is also keenly watching the improvement in performance of Tata Motors’ India business. Moody’s has equalised the ratings for Tata Motors and Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) and believes that JLR’s strong performance would lead to further upgrade in ratings for Tata Motors.
01:30pm HCL Tech at record high
Shares of HCL Technologies rallied 2.5 percent on its expansion plans. The IT major is pumping USD 9 million to expand its centre in North Carolina, creating up to 1,237 new jobs by the end of 2018.
HCL Technologies, which has over 8,000 people working across 15 states in the US, employs close to 1,000 people at the Cary Centre in North Carolina. Governor Pat McCrory and North Carolina Commerce Secretary Sharon Decker on Thursday made the announcement at the centre.
The hirings will be a mix of local as well as external professionals, he added.
HCL's business in America contributes more than 50 percent of the firm's global revenues. In 2013-14 fiscal, its revenue stood at Rs 16,497.37 crore.
01:00pm The market is flat with the Nifty struggling below 8150. The 50-share index is up 6.00 points at 8120.75. The Sensex is up 15.01 points at 27127.22. About 1393 shares have advanced, 1427 shares declined, and 97 shares are unchanged.
Defensive buying is seen in IT and pharma stocks. TCS, Cipla, Sun Pharma. Infosys and Wipro are top gainers in the Sensex while L&T, HUL, SBI and Axis Bank are major laggards.
JP Power is under pressure as reports suggest that the company's Khar-Cham Wangdoo project has breached rules on installed capacity. This could impact its deal with Reliance Power and hurt their debt reduction plans.
Saurabh Mukherjea of Ambit Capital says that the local investor appetite in the last couple of months has been very strong and that they are seeing investment pick up from mutual funds & retail investors.
The 307-old union with United Kingdom continues as Scotland votes a resounding 'no' to independence. The pound has been firm ,trading at a 2-week high against the dollar & 2-year high against the euro.
12:00

Sensex extends gains  up 73 pts in early tradeComments
Profit-booking on Friday pulled the Sensex down by 22 points to close at 27,090.42 on losses in capital goods, refinery, realty and auto sectors, but recent gains helped the BSE benchmark log its sixth straight week of gains, the longest winning run in over two years.
The 30-share BSE Sensex resumed on a better note and rallied further to a high of 27,247.17, up by 135 points, on the back of firm Asian trends prompted by overnight rally on Wall Street.
Soon after, however, it met with strong resistance at higher levels and fell back to settle at 27,090.42, a minor fall of 21.79 points or 0.08%.
"Markets continued to move in a narrow range after witnessing high intraday volatility earlier during the day where key indices alternately swung between positive and negative zone," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities.
In previous two days, Sensex had flared up 619.70 points or 2.34%, which helped the Sensex on a weekly basis gain 29.37 points and register sixth straight week of rise.
Meanwhile, the wide-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE added 6.70 points, or 0.08%, to end at 8,121.45.
Country's largest software services exporters, TCS, was the top gainer from the Sensex pack with a rise of 2.71% after Moody's Investors Service upgraded ratings of half a dozen Tata Group firms.
Other Tata group companies like Tata Elxsi, Tata Global Services, Tata Investment Corp, Tata Metaliks, Tata Sponge, Tata Teleservices closed up between 2.21-13.58%.
Fall in the heavyweights like L&T, ONGC, RIL, SBI, HUL, M&M and Hero MotoCorp mainly weighed on sentiment.
However, some IT and pharma counters attracted good buying interest and restricted the fall.
Globally, Asian stocks closed higher between 0.04% and 1.58% following the US stocks ending strong after data showed fewer Americans filed for jobless claims lifting US benchmark indices to record highs.
European markets too were quoting firm in their late morning deals as Scotland voted to reject independence from the UK. The CAC (France) was up by 0.48%, the DAX (Germany) by 0.81% and the FTSE by 0.62%(UK).
Meanwhile, FPIs/FIIs sold shares worth Rs. 9.75 crore on Thursday, as per provisional data with stock exchanges.
Jignesh Chaudhary, Head of Research, Veracity Broking Services said: "The ongoing crises in Ukraine and Gaza has been overlooked as recent better-than-expected data released from different countries has improved investor confidence in the stocks which has lead to a global rally."
In Sensex, Cipla gained over 1.2% after the firm announced that it has signed an agreement with US based Salix.
Overall, 13 Sensex scrips ended in the red while others concluded in the green. Major losers were L&T (2.51%), ONGC (2.26%), SBI (1.92%), HUL (1.73%), Hero Motocorp (1.57%), Tata Motors (1.26%), M&M (1.14%) and RIL (0.99%).
Besides Cipla, major Sensex gainers included Maruti 1.29%, HDFC 1.08% and Wipro 0.98%.
Among the S&P BSE sectoral indices, Capital Goods fell by 1.89% followed by Oil&Gas 1.22%, Realty 0.81% and Auto 0.70% while IT rose by 1.39%and Teck gained 1.13%.
Total market breadth was negative as 1,600 stocks closed in the red while 1,450 finished with gains.

Ajit Singh flays Centre for not converting his bungalow into his father s memorialSep 19, 2014 at 01:35pm IST
Ajit Singh flays Centre for not converting his bungalow into his father's memorial
26
0
New Delhi: Rashtriya Lok Dal chief Ajit Singh on Friday attacked the government for rejecting his demand for converting the bungalow occupied by him into a memorial of his father, former Prime Minister Charan Singh, and blamed it for protests over the issue.
"There is a memorial in the name of Lal Bahadur Shastri. The residence in which late Babu Jagjivan Ram used to live was converted into his memorial three to six months back. A memorial also came up in the name of Kanshi Ram. So what is the logic of saying this," he said.
He was replying to a question as to how can his demand be met when the Union Cabinet of then UPA in 2000 itself had cleared a proposal banning conversion of official bungalows of MPs into memorials.
The UPA had cleared a proposal banning conversion of official bungalows of MPs into memorials.
#ajit singh #rld #ajit singh bungalow #centre
The NDA government has stuck to its guns, saying what was done in this case was not Ajit Singh-specific but as per the rules.
"As far Ajit Singh is concerned, he is my friend. Ajit Singh also met me in between and demanded some more time, which was given. After the stipulated period of 80 days, one more month is given to everyone (to vacate the bungalow).
After the lapse of that time frame, the government did not have any other option.
"Hence, the officers did it. This is not Ajit Singh-specific," Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu said.
The government had on Thursday rejected the demand, saying that the 12 Tughlaq Road bungalow cannot be converted into a memorial as the Union Cabinet in 2000 had banned conversion of government bungalows into memorials in the name of departed leaders.
Singh, who lost the recently held election, was served the eviction notice and electricity supply to the sprawling bungalow was disconnected by the authorities last week.
While his supporters opposed his eviction, threatening to disrupt water supply to Delhi. Leaders including Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda and JDU General Secretary KC Tyagi had demanded that the bungalow be converted into Charan Singh memorial complex in the memory of the Jat leader.
Naidu, had, however stated that all the procedures were followed in serving eviction notices on the former UPA ministers who refused to vacate government bungalows.
The RLD chief questioned as to why the ministers of the earlier NDA government continued occupying their bungalows for ten years even after 2004 when they had lost power.
Resenting that water and electricity supply to his residence was disconnected even when he had informed the department concerned that he would be vacating it by September 20 or 25, Singh questioned, "Is Shahnawaj Hussain or Yashwant Singh (both BJP leaders) vacating their bungalows.
"And you go back, the ministers (of NDA) lived for ten years in the houses they were not entitled to. It's true that I am not entitled to live this house and hence will not live there but why did they occupy the bungalows they were not entitled to for ten years?"
He also hit at the Centre for "not talking to" those protesting against the eviction order.
"The central government as well as the state government were aware that an agitation will be launched on September 18 over the demand for Chaudhary Charan Singh's memorial.... Should the central government not have talked to them?," he asked.
Singh also noted that whenever Mahendra Singh Tikait, the President of Bharatiya Kisan Union, launched an agitation, the government talked to him and the matter was resolved peacefully.
"This time, the government was aware what is the demand, what is the problem, but they took no step. What is the objection in holding talks. In democracy, issues are resolved only through talks," he said.
13

Stake sale: Biocon surgesSep 19, 2014, 10.39 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Biocon up 3%, sells 10% stake in Syngene to Silver Leaf
Silver Leaf will acquire the stake from Biocon Research (BRL), a wholly owned subsidiary of Biocon at a valuation of Rs 3800 crore, said the company in its filing to BSE, adding the transaction is subject to standard condition precedents including regulatory approvals.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Biocon up 3%, sells 10% stake in Syngene to Silver Leaf
Silver Leaf will acquire the stake from Biocon Research (BRL), a wholly owned subsidiary of Biocon at a valuation of Rs 3800 crore, said the company in its filing to BSE, adding the transaction is subject to standard condition precedents including regulatory approvals.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors lapped up more shares of  Biocon on Friday after Silver Leaf Oak (Mauritius) agreed to acquire a minority 10 percent stake in Syngene International, the subsidiary of Biocon’s Research Services. The stock gained as much as 3 percent in addition to 2.7 percent in previous session.
Silver Leaf will acquire the stake from Biocon Research (BRL), a wholly owned subsidiary of Biocon at a valuation of Rs 3800 crore, said the company in its filing to BSE, adding the transaction is subject to standard condition precedents including regulatory approvals.
Silver Leaf Oak (Mauritius) is an investment vehicle advised by India Value Fund Advisors (IVFA).
Post the completion of this transaction, Biocon and BRL will jointly hold 85.54 percent stake in Syngene.
"This transaction is part of the overall strategic plan for Syngene and sets a new benchmark as we prepare the company for listing," said Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw, Biocon’s chairman and managing director.
Before this transaction, BRL (on September 9) bought entire 7.69 percent stake from GE Equity International Mauritius (a subsidiary of GE Capital Corporation) in Syngene International for an agreed consideration of Rs 215.38 crore.
At 10:16 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 510.25, up Rs 10.30, or 2.06 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Referendum will leave David Cameron weakerScotland referendum will leave David Cameron weaker
By Gideon Rachman
Nationalists round the world will seize on the vote against independence
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d654227e-3f3c-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sena-BJP alliance on the brink in Maharashtra  Modi takes stockComments
The Shiv Sena-BJP alliance was kept intact on Friday after senior leaders of both parties met and decided to begin negotiations with a new seat-sharing formula. The alliance had reached breaking point as the parties had suspended talks last week owing to differences over seat sharing for the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls.
Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray’s son Aaditya and senior party leader Subhash Desai held talks with BJP in-charge OP Mathur on Friday evening. At the time of going to press, both sides were engaged in discussions at the Mayor’s bungalow.
“We are still discussing things,” said Desai, adding that the alliance will survive.
The Sena has agreed to consider a new proposal for sharing seats — Sena’s 59 and BJP’s 19 — that both parties have not won in the last 25 years. This was agreed upon after the BJP refused to accept the 119 seats offer and reminded the Sena about the sacrifices it has made in the past to save the alliance.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Cabinet colleague Nitin Gadkari met twice in New Delhi on Friday to discuss the situation. Sources said it was on the PM’s instructions that the state core committee, which met Friday afternoon, proposed a new formula to the Sena. Gadkari, who was to visit the city on Friday evening, cancelled his trip citing health reasons.
Sources from the Sena said the party top brass was unwilling to accept less than 150 seats, while the under the formula suggested by the BJP, the former will get less than 150 seats and the latter would have around 125 seats, 10 less than their initial demand. The four smaller allies are proposed to be given 15 to 18 seats.
Read: Sene lashes out at Rajnath Singh on love jihad issue
State BJP president Devendra Fadnavis demanded that all doubts be cleared once and for all. “The two sides still have serious differences. The Sena says our demand is unjust, while we too feel they are unjust. We have many things to decide [before the final outcome is decided],” he said.
Friday’s moves, however, have not brought relief to the cadre of both parties, as there is still no outcome with the process of filing nominations beginning on Saturday.
Read: Silent on Sena, Shah urges workers to bring BJP to power
Eknath Khadse, Opposition leader in the Assembly, said his party had given six Lok Sabha seats and one Rajya Sabha seat to the Sena in the past. “Most of them were sitting positions. Of late, we accommodated RPI’s Ramdas Athvale on the Rajya Sabha seat held by Prakash Javadekar,” said Khadse, after the BJP state core committee meeting.
The tension between the allies escalated after the BJP demanded an equal share of the state’s 288 Assembly seats, citing the Lok Sabha poll results, where they won 23 seats against the Sena’s 18. In 2009, the Sena had contested 169 seats and the BJP 119, winning 44 and 46, respectively. Later, talks were suspended after Udhhav Thackeray raised doubts over the impact of a Modi wave in the state polls.
Read: Shah shrugs off loss, says rivals have grown wings
On Thursday, BJP’s national president Amit Shah had asked for an immediate response from the Sena, but his demand for protecting the BJP’s self-esteem did not go well with their ally. Sniffing “arrogance” in Shah’s statements made at public rallies in western Maharashtra, the Sena said no one could issue them an ultimatum and asked the BJP to accept 119 seats or forget the pact.

BSE to take action against Sebi in NMDC caseBSE to take 'appropriate action' on Sebi's order in NMDC case
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 20, 2014  | 11:03 IST
Photo: Reuters
The leading stock exchange of the country BSE on Thursday said it will take appropriate action in the matter of market regulator Sebi censuring the bourse for allegedly flouting norms during the offer for sale (OFS) of state-owned NMDC.
Currently, our team is studying the order and we will take appropriate action, BSE Managing Director and CEO Ashish Kumar Chauhan said at the sidelines of an Assocham event here.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), last week, pulled up the BSE for failing to comply with prevailing norms for an OFS issue by NMDC in 2012. The regulator also asked the exchange to appoint an independent consultant to review the sequence of events at the time of the OFS and suggest 'remedial' action.
The issue relates to BSE's decision to accept bids for 4.55 crore shares after the deadline. On 12 December 2012, the promoters of NMDC had offered to sell 39.65 crore shares through the OFS mechanism of BSE and the National Stock Exchange of India.
After the closure of the share sale that day at 3.30 pm, Sebi had sought bid data from the two exchanges, to which BSE first stated that the final cumulative bids received at its platform were for 29.91 crore shares.
In another intimation to Sebi later that evening, BSE revised the figures upward by 4.55 crore shares to state that the final cumulative bids received by it were for 34.47 crore shares. Subsequently, Sebi sought clarification from BSE about the huge difference between the two figures.
The market watchdog alleged that even though bids were placed by the custodian Citibank NA within the cutoff time, the transfer of funds to the clearing corporation had taken place only at 5.09 pm on December 12, 2012, and the bids were confirmed between 6.22 pm and 6.31 pm. According to norms, the placing of orders and funds on the exchange system in an OFS should take place during the trading hours only.
(*The headline of this story earlier gave the impression that BSE will take action against Sebi. It has been corrected. Error is regretted.)
 

Looking to execute orders worth Rs 1400cr this year: SPMLWe might go for asset sale before the QIP issue
Rishabh Sethi
ED
SPML
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Rishabh Sethi, ED,  SPML spoke about the latest happenings in the company and the road ahead. The company’s standalone debt currently stands at Rs 450 crore and most of which is on account of working capital, he said.
As of June 2014, SPML has an order backlog of Rs 6,200 crore and is looking to execute orders worth Rs 1,400 crore this year, he added. However, the company requires nearly Rs 100 crore of working capital to execute current orders and is exploring fundraising plans to meet those requirements, he said.
Meanwhile, the company might consider divesting stake in hydro and road projects. SPML has invested Rs 55 crore and around Rs 100 crore in road and hydro projects respectively. It has five hydro assets and two highway projects.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Rishabh Sethi’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Reema Tendulkar
Ekta: There was a board meet yesterday that took place and you all have approved the selling of investments in your hydropower as well as road assets and may be even raising funds upto Rs 100 crore via qualified institutional placement (QIP). Can you take us through the finer nuances of this, what would this mean for the company, when would it be completed by, what sort of assets are you looking to sell?
A: The board agreed to meet our current working capital requirements to execute the healthy order book that we have. To add to our current portfolio or working capital we would look at exploring selling of some assets that are in the books of the company which is we have got five hydropower projects and two investments in road projects. In addition if the money can be secured in the next few months, other than that we may also look at QIP.  So right now it is more of an exploring approval and we will get back to the board in a week or 10 days to give a detailed plan for the same.
Reema: Could you tell us what the current valuation is for your five hydropower projects as well as your two investments in road projects as things stand currently?
A: We don’t have the market value but in the road project the company has invested about Rs 55 crore over the last few years. And in addition to hydropower also about Rs 100 crore has been invested in the projects. This has all been operational or final stages of completion so we think the value would be good in the market but we haven’t gone out yet. So we expect to get some sort of an idea in the next couple of weeks actually.
Ekta: When do you plan to possibly start scouting for buyers and have you already appointed bankers, where does the process stand?
A: We have got the permission to appoint bankers now so we hope to start meeting people from Monday.
Reema: So between the two options, one is divesting your stake in hydro as well as road versus a QIP, your preference would be to first try and see whether you can raise money via your stake sale in these assets?
A: Exactly because the current market price does not reflect the order book that we have and the margins that we are looking in that. So we expect the asset sale to be an interim gap and then go for a bigger fund raise in the future.
SPML Infra stock price
On November 21, 2014, SPML Infra closed at Rs 78.05, up Rs 1.35, or 1.76 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 93.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 24.45.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 6.27 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 12.45. The latest book value of the company is Rs 123.42 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.63.

JB Maruti to focus on becoming end-to-end solution providerWe are also strengthening our research and development (R&D) and value engineering capabilities in the company.
Nishant Arya
Executive Director
JBM Group
In an interview to CNBC-TV18 Nishant Arya, ED, JBM Group says the company is moving towards becoming an end-to-end solution provider and a one-stop shop for our customers.
The company has been focusing on expanding their product portfolio to most segments of the automobile sector like four wheelers, three-wheelers, construction equipment, he adds.
The company is enhancing the operational efficiencies by being present in main auto hubs like NCR region, Bangalore, Pune, Chennai etc
Moreover, the company aims to achieve a CAGR of 20-25% over next three years
The debt-to-equity ratio currently stands at 0.66.
Also read: See India's global export share at 4.5% by 2030: HSBC
Below is the transcript of Nishant Arya’s interview with Ekta Batra and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Reema: In one year the stock has seen a rally of 1300 percent. Can you tell us what the outlook is because we have seen a pickup in autos? For your company what would be the revenue growth as well the margin performance?
A: There are multiple reasons for this growth because our company has been focusing on expanding our product portfolio. We have now been catering to other sectors in automobile industry like four wheeler, three-wheeler, commercial vehicle or construction equipment.
Our locations are all in the main auto hubs. So, if you see in the northern region, the NCR region, then in Chennai, Bangalore, Pune, the new Sanand region which is coming up. So, we are well positioned for growth. At the same time we are enhancing and improving our operational efficiencies so that the bottomline is improving and we are able to enhance the value for the shareholders and all stakeholders.
We are also strengthening our research and development (R&D) and value engineering capabilities in the company. So, being an end-to-end solution provider for our customers and becoming a one-stop shop for our products.
Ekta: Which would be your biggest clienteles and what would be the order that you would be servicing possibly? Can you just tell us your capacity utilisation levels also?
A: We are having multiple plants but on an average we are working on two shift basis in this company. We are catering to multiple clients be it Honda, Ford, Mahindra and Mahindra (M&M), Tractors and Farm Equipment (TAFE), Eicher Motors, Escorts, Nissan, Renualt, etc. We are catering to all different clients in this sector. So, it is not one particular client and all the clients are really essential for us because we are catering to them with different products.
Reema: What is the expectation of a revenue growth in FY15 as well as do you have any capex plans?
A: We have about 20-25 percent compound annual growth rate (CAGR) growth plans for next three years. We see these coming through current expansions, new plants, new customers, more products etc. So, that will be a constant activity which will enhance the growth of the company.
Ekta: What does your balance sheet look like at this point? How much debt does you all have on books, what is your cash on books and what is the sort of free cash flow that you generate?
A: In FY14, we had an EBITDA margin which was around Rs 120 crore or so and profit after tax (PAT) was about Rs 50 crore. If you talk about the cash, it was a little more than Rs 100 crore. So, the company is very well placed and we will be making certain investments also which we have already announced.
Our new plant in Indore has come up this year which has already started operating and we are starting with our bus project which is again a very important project for this company because that will be fueling a lot of the growth in the future. It is a big step forward which we have taken stepping into original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) league especially for the bus vertical, and we are focusing on certain type of city buses where the market is enhancing and there is a big room for companies like us to perform and showcase our capabilities.
Ekta: I did not get your debt figure?
A: Our debt to equity ratio is about 0.66.
Jay BharatMarut stock price
On November 21, 2014, Jay Bharat Maruti closed at Rs 160.15, down Rs 3.75, or 2.29 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 179.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 41.25.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 10.58 per share as per the quarter ended September 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 15.14. The latest book value of the company is Rs 79.58 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.01.
RELATED NEWS

Haryana Assembly elections: It s all in the family4
2
New Delhi: Election is a big family business in Haryana. It is a fact that politics is controlled by only a handful of families in many other states, not just in Haryana. But the involvement of some political families is much deeper in Haryana.
Earlier the famous three 'Lals' ruled Haryana by turn for decades. Devi Lal, Bansi Lal and Bhajan Lal were synonymous with Haryana politics for almost four decades. While Devi Lal and Bansi Lal were Jats, the dominant caste in Haryana, Bhajan Lal was from Bishnoi community.
Bhajan Lal used to claim that he is a PhD in politics and gave birth to 'Aaya Ram, Gaya Ram' idiom in Indian politics. All the three Lals have died in the last 15 years and their respective families are still controlling the Haryana politics.
Devi Lal, Bansi Lal and Bhajan Lal were synonymous with Haryana politics for almost four decades.
#haryana assembly elections 2014 #bjp #congress #hjc
Devi Lal's son Om Prakash Chautala was the chief minister and is now cooling his heels in jail in corruption cases. His son Ajay Chautala is also serving a 10 year jail term with his father.
Another son Abhay Chautala is holding the fort in the absence of father and brother. His nephew Dushyant Chautala has entered Parliament by defeating Bhajan Lal's son and former MP Kuldeep Bishnoi in the recent Lok Sabha election.
The INLD of Chautalas is claiming that if the party wins the current assembly elections, OP Chautala will take oath as the chief minister from the jail. But, the new law makes him ineligible to contest in an election. But, the law is ambiguous on whether a convict can become chief minister.
According to the Constitution, anybody can become the chief minister, provided he or she gets elected to the state legislature within six months of his or her appointment. According to ground reports, the INLD is showing signs of recovery and unlikely to concede defeat so easily even though the party has lost two consecutive elections since 2005.
Bansi Lal's elder son and a minister Surinder Singh died in an accident. His wife Kiran Chaudhury is a minister in the Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda government. Her daughter Shruti Chaudhury had won the 2009 Lok Sabha election. She lost the recent Lok Sabha election and likely to contest in the assembly elections. Bansi Lal's another son Ranbir Singh Mahindra was the chairman of BCCI and is into politics.
After the death of Bhajan Lal, the party mantle has fallen on his younger son Kuldip Bishnoi. Bishnoi, a former MP is now heading the family run party - the HJC. His elder brother and former Haryana deputy chief minister Chandramohan has also joined his party after reconverting to Hinduism from Islam. He had converted to Islam to marry for the second time without divorcing his first wife.
Kuldip Bishnoi's wife is already an MLA. Even Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda is also running his own dynastic politics. His son Dipender Singh Hooda is the only Congress candidate who could beat the Modi wave from Haryana in the recent Lok Sabha election. Hooda family virtually controls the Rohtak-Faridabad region.
It will be interesting to see the total number of family members trying their luck in the October 15 Assembly election and eventually becoming a MLA.
2

Dubai is a realty hotspot for rich IndiansHi Guest
Dubai is a realty hotspot for rich Indians
During January-June 2014, Indians invested close to AED 10.5 billion in the emirate, while British and Pakistani nationals spent AED 5.8 billion and AED 4.5 billion, respectively.  Image: Shaikh Zahid Road in Dubai. Photograph: Mosab Omar/Reuters Indians constitute a dominating group while buying real estate in Dubai, having invested nearly AED 10.5 billion during the first half of this year, says a report. Between January and June 2014, Indians, British, Pakistanis and GCC investors ...

Angry with Washington  Americans open to sec...Angry with Washington, 1 in 4 Americans open to secession
By Reuters | 19 Sep, 2014, 06.21PM IST
The failed Scottish vote stirred secessionist hopes for some in the US, where almost a quarter of people are open to their states leaving the union.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BOSTON: The failed Scottish vote to pull out from the United Kingdom stirred secessionist hopes for some in the United States, where almost a quarter of people are open to their states leaving the union, a new Reuters/Ipsos poll found.
Some 23.9 per cent of Americans polled from Aug. 23 through Sept. 16 said they strongly supported or tended to support the idea of their state breaking away, while 53.3 per cent of the 8,952 respondents strongly opposed or tended to oppose the notion.
The urge to sever ties with Washington cuts across party lines and regions, though Republicans and residents of rural Western states are generally warmer to the idea than Democrats and Northeasterners, according to the poll.
Anger with President Barack Obama's handling of issues ranging from healthcare reform to the rise of Islamic State militants drives some of the feeling, with Republican respondents citing dissatisfaction with his administration as coloring their thinking.
But others said long-running Washington gridlock had prompted them to wonder if their states would be better off striking out on their own, a move no US state has tried in the 150 years since the bloody Civil War that led to the end of slavery in the South.
"I don't think it makes a whole lot of difference anymore which political party is running things. Nothing gets done," said Roy Gustafson, 61, of Camden, South Carolina, who lives on disability payments. "The state would be better off handling things on its own."
Scottish unionists won by a wider-than-expected 10-percentage-point margin.
Falling public approval of the Obama administration, attention to the Scottish vote and the success of activists who accuse the US government of overstepping its authority - such as the self-proclaimed militia members who flocked to Nevada's Bundy ranch earlier this year during a standoff over grazing rights - is driving up interest in secession, experts said.
"It seems to have heated up, especially since the election of President Obama," said Mordecai Lee, a professor of governmental affairs at the University of Wisconsin at Milwaukee, who has studied secessionist movements.
Page 1 of 2

Infosys inks largest office lease deal in Po...Infosys inks largest office lease deal in Poland
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 05.04PM IST
Tags:
Cushman & Wakefield
(The agreement covers new…)
NEW DELHI: India's second largest software services firm Infosys has signed a contract with commercial real estate developer Skanska Property for leasing its office space for 10 years, the biggest such transaction in Poland this year.
The expansion comes in the wake of Infosys is planning to expand the workforce at Lodz delivery centre by 500 people.
The Bangalore-based firm's arm Infosys BPO Poland signed the lease agreement with Skanska Property for over 21,000 sq m in Infosys Green Horizon office complex in Lodz city in the European nation.
The agreement covers new lease terms for the area already occupied by Infosys beside an additional 3,800 sq m of office space.
Real estate advisory firm Cushman & Wakefield, which represented Infosys BPO, said the agreement is the largest deal in the Lodz's office market so far and the biggest lease transaction in Poland in 2014.
The new lease agreement extends the lease period to 2024. Infosys did not comment. "The possibility of expanding within one location is one of the key aspects for companies from the business services sector while choosing their new office. This was the case with Infosys BPO Poland, who is planning to increase the number of employees by a further 500," Cushman & Wakefield said.
Lodz delivery centre was established after Infosys BPO took over Philips Shared Service Centre (SSC) in 2007. It is the largest Infosys location outside India, offering BPO and ITO services across 48 geographies in 24 languages.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra elections: Won t compromise on seats anymore  BJP tells Shiv Sena22
0
Mumbai: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Shiv Sena continue to play hardball over seat-sharing in the Maharashtra Assembly elections. While the Sena remains adamant saying that it wants to contest more seats, the BJP has said not this time.
"The BJP has always sacrificed Lok Sabha seats for the Shiv Sena just to keep the alliance going. Now we should also be given more seats. We do not want to put a time frame to it. The BJP-Sena have a 25-year-old friendship," Maharashtra BJP leader Sudhir Mungantiwar said.
"The 119-seat formula given by the Shiv Sena is not acceptable to us. We want to discuss this issue. We want a respectable formula on seat-sharing," he said.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #maharashtra elections #shiv sena #bjp
A meeting of the BJP core commitee is on. Sena leaders are also meeting at Matoshree, Uddhav Thackeray's residence. Sena Sources say that some development regarding the alliance is likely by this evening.
Meanwhile, ex-BJP president Nitin Gadkari has told Amit Shah that it is best if BJP goes alone in Maharashtra. Reports also suggest that the BJP is eyeing support from Uddhav's cousin Raj Thackeray post-polls if needed.
2

Birbhum gangrape: 13 accused held guilty by court  sentencing on Saturday41
0
Kolkata: A court in Bolpur in West Bengal on Friday pronounced 13 accused in a gangrape case guilty. The sentence will be given on Saturday.
In January this year, a 20-year-old tribal girl was gangraped by 13 men on the orders of a kangaroo court for having an affair outside her community.
The girl was admitted to a hospital in Suri in a critical condition.
In January this year, a 20-year-old tribal girl was gangraped by 13 men on the orders of a kangaroo court for having an affair outside her community.
#birbhum gangrape #west bengal #labhpur #bolpur court
The police also arrested the youth with whom the girl was allegedly having an affair apart from the 13 accused.
The incident had brought the spotlight back on the existence of such illegal courts in India unleashing terror on innocents. The gangrape led to huge public furore across the nation.
3

All India Radio launches free news SMS alerts in five languagesSep 19, 2014 at  05:01pm IST
All India Radio launches free news SMS alerts in five languages
24
5
New Delhi: After the launch of its English language free news SMS alerts, All India Radio (AIR) on Friday launched a similar service in five Indian languages - Hindi, Marathi, Sanskrit, Dogri and Nepali.
Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar on Friday launched the free news SMS service of AIR News Services Division.
Speaking on the occasion, Javadekar said the SMS service aimed at providing important news to subscribers in their preferred language on their mobile phones.
All India Radio launched service in five Indian languages - Hindi, Marathi, Sanskrit, Dogri and Nepali.
#all india radio #five languages #sms alert #prakash javadekar
He suggested that AIR should aim to disseminate news in other regional languages through the SMS service and run a campaign through newspapers and Doordarshan news to create awareness about the service. This would enable a large cross-section of society to access news on real time basis, he said, a ministry statement said.
Referring to the vision outlined by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 'Digital India', Javadekar said the free news SMS service constituted a critical component of the 'Communicating India' campaign.
Communicating India was an important component of an outreach mechanism so as to enable the flow of quality information to the people across platforms, the statement said.
AIR launched its free news SMS service in English September 9 last year and it has already touched a database of over 3,000,000 subscribers, the statement said. People desiring to avail the service can register at the website http://newsonair.nic.in/smsservice.
They can also send an SMS to 7738299899 in the following format:AIR
NAME

Politicos react as seat sharing dispute between BJP-Shiv Sena continuesPoliticos react as seat sharing dispute between BJP-Shiv Sena continues
Cisco unveils threat-focussed security solutions for enterprisesCisco unveils threat-focussed security solutions for enterprises
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
Networking solutions firm Cisco today launched a new firewall security solution that automatically assesses threats, correlates intelligence and optimises defence to protect the network of the enterprise.
This is the industry’s first threat-focussed Next-Generation Firewall (NGFW) that integrates the features of application control, intrusion prevention systems and advanced malware protection from its Sourcefire acquisition, the company said.
“The number of attacks have grown at an unprecedented pace. There are challenges with traditional defence as they are often in boxes. Our solution changes this, taking a visibility—driven, threat—focused and platform—based approach,” Cisco Managing Director (Security Sales APJC) Stephen Dane told reporters on a teleconference.
It delivers full contextual awareness of users, mobile devices and apps and provides users with dashboards and drill—down reports of discovered hosts, suspect applications, threats, and indicators of compromise for comprehensive visibility, he added.
“With continuous analysis, the solution provides detection, blocking, tracking, analysis, and remediation capabilities to protect against the full spectrum of attacks, known and unknown,” Cisco Security Head Sales (India and SAARC) Pravin Srinivasan said.
He added that security budget as part of the IT spending by Indian firms is also on the rise as they want to stay prepared against the rising number of cyber attacks.
“Be it banking, telecon or IT, every vertical is investing in security. In fact as percentage of the IT budget, security spends have gone up from 1—2 per cent a few years ago to as much as 5—10 per cent in some cases,” he said.
Srinivasan said even government is investing heavily as it looks to deliver e—governance services and carry out initiatives like smart city projects in a secure manner.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Coca-Cola India launches sugar free soft drinkHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Sugar free soft drink `Coca-Cola Zero' launched
PTI
PTI Tennis stars Rohan Bopanna and Mahesh Bhupathi with T Krishnakumar, CEO Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages Ltd, Damodar Mall, CEO Reliance Retail and Sumanta Datta, Vice President Operations Coca-Cola India during the launch of Coca-Cola Zero in Bengaluru on Friday.
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
Beverages giant Coca-Cola today expanded its product portfolio in India with the launch of a sugar free soft drink ‘Coca-Cola Zero’
With its launch here, the Coca-Cola Zero brand is now available in all the top six markets of The Coca-Cola Company, the others being USA, Mexico, China, Brazil and Japan.
“As we move towards the halfway mark of the decade, it is important that we add new offerings to our portfolio even as we nurture the existing brands,” Coca-Cola India and South West Asia President Venkatesh Kini told reporters here.
Coca-Cola Zero comes at a time when Coca-Cola classic has established itself and the new product therefore complements the company’s sparkling portfolio, he added.
The company sells a variety of both carbonated and non- carbonated drinks in India, including Coca-Cola, Thums Up, Sprite, Maaza and Minute Maid.
“Post October 5, Coca-Cola Zero will be available across the top 100 towns in India in more than 1.8 lakh outlets which includes traditional and modern trade,” the company said.
Initially, the new product will be available in modern retail outlets, starting with Reliance Retail chain. Besides, it would be first made available to various partners like low cost carrier IndiGo, quick service restaurant chain Subway and INOX Leisure.
When asked the impact of the excise duty hike on the company, Kini said: ”...Excise duty hike was a disappointment.
We have not increased prices of Rs 10 glass bottles, but to cover up the cost, prices on some PET bottles have been increased by 4-10 per cent. The process has been on for 3-4 months“.
He added that the company remains committed towards the $5 billion investment in India till 2020.
“We are happy to say that we are on track for that (investment),” he added.
When asked about the Varanasi bottling plant, Kini said: “We remain committed towards the state. We have 11 plants in Uttar Pradesh and we are working with the UP government to locate a new location for the bottling unit“.
Last month, Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages, had announced to shelve the plan to expand its bottling plant at Varanasi citing “inordinate delay” in receiving clearance for the project from Central Ground Water Authority (CGWA).
In 2012, the Atlanta-based beverages giant, along with its partners, had announced to more than double investments in India to $5 billion (about Rs 28,000 crore) by 2020.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Infosys inks largest office lease deal in PolandInfosys inks largest office lease deal in Poland
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
India’s second largest software services firm Infosys has signed a contract with commercial real estate developer Skanska Property for leasing its office space for 10 years, the biggest such transaction in Poland this year.
The expansion comes in the wake of Infosys is planning to expand the workforce at Lodz delivery centre by 500 people.
The Bangalore—based firm’s arm Infosys BPO Poland signed the lease agreement with Skanska Property for over 21,000 sq m in Infosys Green Horizon office complex in Lodz city in the European nation.
The agreement covers new lease terms for the area already occupied by Infosys beside an additional 3,800 sq m of office space.
Real estate advisory firm Cushman & Wakefield, which represented Infosys BPO, said the agreement is the largest deal in the Lodz’s office market so far and the biggest lease transaction in Poland in 2014.
The new lease agreement extends the lease period to 2024.
Infosys did not comment.
“The possibility of expanding within one location is one of the key aspects for companies from the business services sector while choosing their new office. This was the case with Infosys BPO Poland, who is planning to increase the number of employees by a further 500,” Cushman & Wakefield said.
Lodz delivery centre was established after Infosys BPO took over Philips Shared Service Centre (SSC) in 2007. It is the largest Infosys location outside India, offering BPO and ITO services across 48 geographies in 24 languages.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

ONGC says Rs 81 800-cr investment lined up in new and existing projects;Rs 81,800 cr lined up for projects, says ONGC
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 20, 2014 12:48 AM IST
State-owned petroleum explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) said on Friday that it would invest Rs 81,800 crore to bring new discoveries into production and check the decline in output from ageing fields.
The company has taken up 15 projects for development. Of these, seven are complete and eight are under implementation. “These projects, with an estimated capital outlay of Rs 40,573 crore, are geared up to produce an additional 45.6 million tonne (mt) of crude and 67.4 billion cubic metre (bcm) of gas,” ONGC’s chairman and managing director D K Sarraf told shareholders at the annual general meeting.
He added the company was focusing on two other projects – Daman, a cluster of multiple discoveries in western offshore and KG-DWN-98/2 in the Krishna-Godavari basin. The Daman project, with an estimated peak production of 8.5 million standard cubic metres a day (mscmd) and an investment of Rs 5,200 crore, has been approved by ONGC’s board. It is likely to start production by July 2016 while output in KG-DWN-98/2 will commence in 2018.
Sarraf said the management was employing technology to arrest the natural decline in ageing fields. A cumulative production gain of 87.4 mt had been achieved from such fields by the end of March 2014. This included 7.4 mt output in 2013-14 alone, roughly 33 per cent of the company’s total production. “A total of Rs 41,316 crore capital expenditure has been planned for such interventions across 24 projects, of which 19 have been completed,” he said.
Striking a positive note for the future, Sarraf said while the mechanism of sharing the subsidy burden of oil marketing companies (OMCs) had impacted the financials in FY14, the developments in the current year have been reassuring. According to him, diesel deregulation looks like a possibility owing to complete elimination of underrecoveries on the fuel and ease the firm’s share of subsidy burden.
Gross under-recoveries of OMCs on subsidised sales of diesel, kerosene and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) had dipped 13 per cent to Rs 1.39 lakh crore in FY14. ONGC alone had to bear Rs 56,300 crore of the burden. The company’s net realisation had dipped 14 per cent to $40.97 per barrel on the back of a $65.75 per barrel discount offered to OMCs.
Sarraf said ONGC’s foreign subsidiary ONGC Videsh had invested Rs 41,700 crore in 15 months between January 2013 and March 2014, more than half of the total investment in four decades to 2012. He also said ONGC Tripura Power Company would commission the second unit of its 726 Mw gas-based power plant next month.
The company’s reserve accretion in the last financial year stood at 85 million tonne of oil equivalent (mtoe), the highest in 23 years. Production, however, dipped 1.2 per cent to 45.53 mtoe in FY14. ONGC had registered a five per cent rise in net profit at Rs 22,000 crore in FY14 on the back of gross earnings of Rs 84,200 crore.

Tech Mahindra on track to touch $5-bn revenue by FY17Tech Mahindra on track to touch $5-bn revenues by FY17
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 21, 2014 08:44 PM IST
Tech Mahindra, the country’s fifth largest software services company, which reported just over $3 billion in revenues for the fiscal ended March 2014, is on track to garner revenues of $5 billion by FY17, said executive vice chairman Vineet Nayyar.
“As far as business is concerned, there is growth. And, the outlook is positive. There is a possibility that we will reach that number,” he told mediapersons here on Friday.
On the company’s merger and acquisition plans, Nayyar said their acquisitions were always static and strategic in nature and were not aimed at getting more revenues. “As and when some strategic opportunities are available, we will certainly go for them,” he said.
Stating that the extension of the offset clause to civil aviation would obviously be a help to Tech Mahindra as it had a significant practice in avionics, Nayyar said the company was always in continuous dialogue with the government in sorting out legal issues (related to Satyam) that it was currently facing. “And, if the government (new) sees the way we see it, then hopefully there will be a solution,” he added.
MEC to collaborate with industry
Mahindra Ecole Centrale (MEC), an engineering institute established through a three-way collaboration by Mahindra Group, French varsity Ecole Centrale Paris and Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University-Hyderabad, today organised an industry-academia connect programme to bring the best French and Indian companies on to a single platform for long-term collaborations in the field of research and development.
“Around 20 French and Indian companies, including Biomerieux, Michelin, Renault, BHEL, M&M, Saffron, Vallourec and TCS are part of this programme, which also aims to foster lasting industry-academia synergies in order to bridge the gap between industry expectations and engineering output,” Nayyar said.
The preliminary interest that the French companies have shown is indicative that those would lead to long-term collaborations. MEC would sign MoUs with some of them, he added.

BJP hijacks Shiv Sena slogan Jai Bhavani  Jai ShivajiBJP President Amit Shah with Maharashtra BJP President Devendra Fadnavis and others at a public rally to mark cunclusion of Sangharsha Yatra of late Gopinath Munde's daughter Pankaja (L) at Paundi in Jamkhed Tehsil, Ahemadnagar, Maharashtra on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Pune | Posted: September 19, 2014 5:13 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 5:25 pm
The BJP virtually hijacked Shiv Sena’s slogan “Jai Bhavani, Jai Shivaji” at the workers’ rally addressed in Pune by party president Amit Shah, indicative of a political one-up-manship in the backdrop of an ongoing bitter tussle over sharing of seats for Maharashtra assembly polls.
State BJP President Devendra Fadnavis raised the slogan on Wednesday night concluding the public meeting, a practice usually associated with public rallies of Shiv Sena.
Fadnavis during his animated speech, also kept on referring to Chhatrapati Shivaji’s historical legacy asking party workers to emerge victorious under the leadership of Narendra Modi and with the blessings of the Maratha warrior king.
The party president who was given a ceremonial sword on the occasion also started his speech with tributes to Shivaji saying that it was from Pune that the Maratha king gave a clarion call for freedom from the then alien rulers.
Shah ended his address with a promise to give the administrative model of Shivaji to people of Maharashtra if BJP came to power.
Since it was not a joint rally of the saffron allies, the shouts of “Jai Bhavani, Jai Shivjai”, an almost patented Shiv Sena slogan given by Fadnavis even caught BJP workers by surprise although they speedily caught up with what appeared to be a well orchestrated strategy to galvanize the cadre and attract voters in an aggressive manner.
Also, posters and hoardings with images of only Modi and Shah have come up in parts of Mumbai. Interestingly, they don’t have mention or image of any Sena leader. One BJP hoarding has the following slogan: ‘We seek blessings of Chhatrapati Shivaji and will vote for Modi’.
The constant invoking of King Shivaji’s glory has been a pivotal passion that has historically kept Shiv Sainiks surcharged with Maharashtra pride by the late Sena chief Bal Thackeray.

Nalanda University reopens after 800 years  Sushma Swaraj inaugurates academic sessionExternal Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj lights the lamp with Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi during formal inauguration of Nalanda University at International Convention Centre in Rajgir on Friday (Source: PTI )
Indo-Asian News Service | Patna | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:50 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 5:52 pm
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj Friday inaugurated the revived Nalanda University , renowned as a centre for learning till it was burnt down 800 years ago by an invading Turkish army .
Swaraj said it was a matter of pride for her to inaugurate the academic session of the university after a gap of over 800 years.
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi presents a bouquet of flowers to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj in Rajgir on Friday. (Source: PTI)
“I am really upbeat that I got this opportunity…,” she said at an event held in the Buddhist pilgrim town of Rajgir in Nalanda district, about 100 km from here.
The university will be built in Rajgir, 12 km from where the ancient Nalanda University stood till the 12th century.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj at the formal inauguration of Nalanda University at International Convention Centre in Rajgir on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi also accompanied her. Senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader and former deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi was also present.
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj meets students of Nalanda University during the university’s formal inauguration in Rajgir on Friday. (Source: PTI)
However, former Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar, who played a major role in setting up the university, was not invited, university officials said.
According to the university Vice Chancellor Gopa Sabhrawal, ambassadors of Singapore, Thailand and representatives of other countries involved in setting up the university were present at the function.
Classes at the varsity started September 1 with 15 students and half-a-dozen faculty members.
Nalanda University Vice-Chancellor Gopa Sabarwal presents a memento to External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj during the university’s formal inauguration in Rajgir on Friday. (Source: PTI)
The fully-residential university, continued…

France launches airstrikes on Islamic State supply depot  kills dozens of fightersFrench President Francois Hollande announced that the target was "entirely destroyed". (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Paris | Posted: September 19, 2014 4:46 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 7:09 pm
Iraq’s military spokesman says four French airstrikes killed dozens of fighters from the Islamic State group in a contested area of northern Iraq.
French President Francois Hollande announced the first airstrikes Friday morning, saying Rafale fighter jets struck a logistics depot in northeastern Iraq, and the target was “entirely destroyed.” The US has also carried out airstrikes against the extremist group.
Qassim al-Moussawi, spokesman for the Iraqi military, said four French airstrikes hit the town of Zumar, killing dozens of extremist fighters. Zumar and surrounding towns have remained heavily contested by Islamic State fighters, even though Iraqi and Kurdish security forces have managed to make headway in nearby regions with the support of US airstrikes.

Inventure Growth Securities: AGM on Sept 25  2014Sep 19, 2014, 05.28 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Inventure Growth & Securities: AGM on Sept 25, 2014
Inventure Growth & Securities has informed that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Inventure Growth & Securities: AGM on Sept 25, 2014
Inventure Growth & Securities has informed that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Inventure Growth & Securities Ltd has informed BSE that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

7 cosas que cambiaran en una Escocia independiente (FOTOS)Email
Comentarios
Día del referéndum. Escocia vota "sí". Los escoceses deciden, los independentistas lo celebran (en Edimburgo o Barcelona), nace un nuevo país en Europa... Pero si finalmente ganara el 'sí' a la independencia, ¿cómo se llevaría a la práctica?
El surgimiento de un nuevo país, en pleno siglo XXI y dentro de la Unión Europea, es una tarea compleja. En el caso de Escocia, son muchos los asuntos que hay que dilucidar. Desde la pertenencia a la UE hasta la moneda, la deuda, los recursos naturales o la forma de Gobierno.
Incluso si Escocia dice "no" a la independencia habrá cambios. Sus poderes se verían reforzados, según se han comprometido los principales líderes británicos , comenzando por David Cameron, el primer ministro, y el líder de la oposición, Ed Miliband.
Si Escocia vota "sí", el divorcio sería "muy doloroso" , según Cameron. La propia posición del primer ministro, que afronta unas elecciones en unos meses donde las encuestas le auguran un gran resultado, podría verse perjudicada. Sería señalado como el responsable de la primera ruptura de la unión en siglos y podría verse forzado a dimitir.
De sobrevivir, él y su equipo serían los encargados de negociar los términos del divorcio. Esas negociaciones son, en realidad, la clave. Serían duras, probablemente con mediación internacional, y definirían lo bien o mal que saldría el nuevo Estado independiente del proceso.
Además de entre Londres y Edimburgo, debería haber otra negociación del Ejecutivo escocés: con Bruselas.
A continuación, te ofrecemos una lista de siete aspectos clave que cambiarían en una Escocia independiente:
Un nuevo país, una nueva capital
Gianni Sarti / FLICKR
Es uno de los principales argumentos de la campaña por el sí: otorgar al pueblo de Escocia la soberanía imprescindible para que las decisiones no se tomen en Westminster, el distrito londinense a la orilla del Támesis donde se deciden las cuestiones más trascendentes del Reino Unido.
Según la campaña por el "sí", la independencia no es "un fin en sí mismo", sino un método para que Escocia prospere.
La capital sería Edimburgo, de cerca de 480.000 habitantes. En la imagen, el Castillo de Edimburgo, con la bandera británica izada.
La pertenencia a la UE, pendiente de un hilo
AFP
Un país que se independiza de otro perteneciente a la UE deja de estar en la UE. Hasta ahí, la teoría. Es lo que defiende la Comisión Europea y los países de los 28, tanto como para Escocia como para Cataluña. Pero ambos territorios son ahora parte de la UE y los partidos nacionalistas aseguran que todo dependerá de la negociación posterior a la independencia.
Hasta ahora, las declaraciones de José Manuel Durao Barroso (presidente de la Comisión, en la foto), como Herman van Rompuy (Consejo Europeo) anuncian un viacrucis para la la vuelta a la UE tras la independencia, algo que siempre puede ser vetado por alguno de los países.
Sin embargo, el SNP, el Partido Nacional de Escocia, liderado por Alex Salmond, confía en una pronta negociación de adhesión una vez los escoceses digan "sí quiero" a la independencia.
Algo así ocurriría con la OTAN, que dedica a Escocia idénticas advertencias de expulsión.
La libra como moneda, pero sin soberanía monetaria
Aunque el SNP, el Partido Nacional de Escocia, coqueteó con el euro en el pasado, Alex Salmond ha asegurado que la moneda de la Escocia independiente será la libra esterlina.
He aquí el problema. Si el Banco de Inglaterra es el que fija la política económica y Escocia se independiza... ¿qué margen tendrá Edimburgo para presionar por decisiones que le convenga?
El movimiento Better Together (Mejor Juntos), que abandera el "no" en el referéndum, alerta incluso de que "la única manera de garantizar que mantener la libra británica es ser parte del Reino Unido". Una Escocia independiente podría no acceder a la divisa. Y, en caso de que lo haga, podría sufrir problemas similares a los de países del sur del euro: comparten moneda con Alemania, pero en el BCE quien más influye es Berlín.
Si el Reino Unido expulsa a Escocia de la libra, Edimburgo podría adoptarla unilateralmente como moneda oficial o incluso crear su propia divisa. En cualquier caso, sería una operación arriesgada que podría poner en peligro las finanzas del país.
La patata caliente de la deuda
Una vez logre la independencia, Escocia y el Reino Unido deberán negociar la parte de deuda que asume el nuevo Estado.
Lo primero que hay que decidir es la cuantía. Londres propone dividirla en función de la población de Escocia, pero Alex Salmond asegura que debería tenerse en cuenta lo que han aportado los escoceses a la economía británica y considerar también las aportaciones del petróleo, lo que reduciría mucho la factura.
El Partido Nacional de Escocia amenaza además con no pagar nada de la factura si el Reino Unido expulsa al territorio de la libra. Por su parte, Londres ha tranquilizado a los mercados financieros prometiendo que garantizará el pago del total de la deuda aún aunque Escocia se niegue en un momento. Es la manera de evitar ataques de la especulación sobre un país (o dos, si gana la independencia) con una gran industria financiera.
Escocia controlará su petróleo y su gas
AFP
Es uno de los ejes de la campaña de los independentistas. ¿Pudiendo ser Noruega, por qué ser una provincia de la unión británica?
Alex Salmond defiende que los recursos naturales de Escocia, en particular los energéticos, estarían mejor gestionados desde Edimburgo. El petróleo escocés está en el mar del Norte, y la campaña por el "sí" calcula que un 90% de los recursos quedarían bajo control del nuevo país, aunque los beneficios de los hidrocarburos podrían estar muy disputados por Londres.
Según Salmond, los beneficios podrían llegar a las 300.000 libras por escocés. Mientras Escocia calcula en 24.000 millones de barriles el petróleo que queda por extraer, los partidarios del no rebajan la cifra hasta los 15.000. Con los beneficios, una hipotética Escocia independiente podría crear un fondo soberano como el que tiene Noruega y otros países y que serviría como colchón y complemento a la economía.
Un país libre de armas nucleares
UK Ministry of Defence
Hay cuatro submarinos británicos, conocidos con el nombre de Trident, en aguas escocesas. Contienen armas nucleares que son vistas por el Gobierno de Edimburgo como un riesgo.
Los partidarios de la independencia quieren que se vayan en como mucho cinco años desde que Escocia sea independiente.
Como todo, dependerá de las negociaciones posteriores a un hipotético "sí" en el referéndum y Londres probablemente presionará para mantener en la zona sus posiciones militares durante mucho más que cinco años.
En la imagen, un submarino nuclear en Faslane (Escocia).
Reina de un país más
AFP
Sí. Ella seguirá allí. Veraneando hasta bien entrado septiembre en Balmoral (Escocia), en el castillo que la reina Victoria describió como “mi amado paraíso en las Highlands”.
Ni los independentistas tienen previsto dar paso a una república ni a una nueva dinastía. Y ella no se va a ningún sitio. La Reina de Inglaterra sería también la Reina de una nueva Escocia independiente
Close

Salmond  el hombre que suea con ser el padre de la patria escocesaAlex Salmond, el hombre que sueña con ser el padre de la patria escocesa
Publicado:
Email
Comentarios
"Escocia se encuentra en el umbral de hacer Historia. Los ojos del mundo están en Escocia. Y lo que el mundo está presenciando es un debate articulado, pacífico y enérgico"
El 16 de mayo del año 2007 Alexander Elliot Anderson Salmond hacía Historia por primera vez. Ese día se convirtió en el primer nacionalista que era elegido ministro principal de Escocia. Lo hacía tras ganar tan solo por un escaño a los laboristas en las elecciones y conseguir un pacto de Gobierno con Los Verdes.
"Creo que Escocia está preparada para el cambio, preparada para la reforma. Somos una pequeña nación, pero tenemos un gran futuro". Esta era la declaración de intenciones que lanzó al mundo en la jornada en la que el Parlamento de Edimburgo lo ascendía a lo más alto y en la que nadie pensaba entonces que podría estar escuchando al padre de una nueva patria siete años más tarde.
Alex Salmond, líder del Partido Nacionalista Escocés (SNP, en sus siglas en inglés) quiere hacer Historia por segunda vez este jueves, pero en esta ocasión con un capítulo que podría cambiar todos los atlas mundiales: la independencia de Escocia.
Los ciudadanos de esta región están llamados a las urnas para votar en un histórico referéndum . “¿Debería ser Escocia un país independiente?”. Salmond ha puesto todas sus fuerzas en el ‘yes’. ¿Lo conseguirá?
¿QUIÉN ES SALMOND?
31 de diciembre de 1954. Salmond llegaba al mundo en Linlithgow , una monumental localidad situada a unos treinta kilómetros de Edimburgo. Hijo de funcionarios, durante su infancia le marcaron las historias que sobre Escocia le contaba uno de sus abuelos . Él es una de las personas que más le han inspirado en un tiempo en el que el independentismo no imaginaba que llegaría a celebrarse una consulta.
Soñaba a lo grande ya y se marchó a la elitista Universidad de Saint Andrew’s , donde se licenció -con muy buenas notas- en Económicas e Historia. Dos especialidades claves en su manera de entender la política y, sobre todo, a la hora de explicar sus planes. En este idílico enclave estudiantil coincidió con el prestigioso historiador escocés Geoffrey Barrow , que lo llegó a calificar como su alumno más brillante.
Su formación y su vida laboral, antes de dedicarse a la política, le han servido para construir el discurso que ha conectado con una buena parte de la sociedad escocesa. Una vez conseguidos sus títulos educativos, llegó el momento de fomar parte del Departamento gubernamental de Agricultura y Pesca en Escocia, cargo que abandonó cuando recibió una oferta del Royal Bank of Scotland en 1980.
Curiosamente, la entidad financiera de la que formó parte anunció la semana pasada que trasladará su sede a Londres si Escocia se separa . Entre los muros de este poderoso banco -que tuvo que ser rescatado durante la crisis financiera- se convirtió en un economista experto en petróleo.
Siete años estuvo allí. Aprendió todo sobre esta fuente de energía y sus repercusiones económicas. Durante toda la campaña, Salmond ha basado en el petróleo y en el gas del Mar del Norte la columna vertebral que haría viable la independencia. Este ha sido uno de los puntos principales del debate durante estas semanas , ya que los independentistas defienden que será la principal fuente de ingresos, mientras que desde el sector unionista se explica que las reservas podrían agotarse y, además, están controladas por las grandes compañías.
El actor escocés Sean Connery y Alex Salmond
EL ASCENSO AL PODER
Sus aspiraciones iban más allá de los pasillos del banco. Y en 1990 se convertía con 35 años en el líder del partido nacionalista, al que se había unido durante su época de estudiante en la universidad.
Consiguió un escaño en Londres y comenzó un cambio dentro de su propio partido. Desde aquel momento se convirtió en la gran figura del nacionalismo, aunque no todo han sido loas internas e incluso llegó a abandonar el liderazgo durante un tiempo. La figura de Salmond no se entendería sin la del ex primer ministro Tony Blair . El escocés ganó mucha popularidad al convertirse en uno de los políticos que alzaron más la voz contra la participación en la guerra de Irak y, sobre todo, supo aprovechar el proceso de descentralización iniciado por los laboristas.
Poco a poco, el feudo escocés de Blair fue pasando al partido de Salmond. Los votantes tradicionales de Partido Laborista se han convertido en pieza clave en el referéndum, ya que muchos podrían optar por el ‘sí’ ante la visión socialdemócrata de Salmond, su manera de actuar al frente del Gobierno y la promesa de que los servicios públicos serán mejores si se independizan.
Salmond comparte con Blair una visión pragmática de la política. Sus medidas han ido ganándose al público laborista y a los jóvenes escoceses, que miran con recelo a la City londinense y tienen como modelo a los países nórdicos. Este espíritu lo aprovechó de nuevo en 2011 cuando ganó por segunda vez las elecciones escocesas. En esta ocasión por mayoría absoluta, algo bastante inusual en Gran Bretaña, donde las normas intentan evitar este tipo de victorias.
Vehemente, tozudo, se crece en el ‘cuerpo a cuerpo’, le gustan los debates. Para sus contrincantes, se trata de un político populista, que ha creado un relato sin ideología. El que podría llegar a ser el nuevo ‘padre de la patria’ no solo se emocina con la Historia y la Economía, sino que disfruta jugando al golf, viendo partidos de fútbol y asistiendo a las carreras de caballo. Y siempre a su lado su mujer Moira , que es 17 años mayor que él.
(Sigue leyendo después del vídeo)
ASÍ LO VEN LOS NACIONALISTAS EN ESPAÑA
Salmond tiene una fluida relación con políticos españoles, especialmente de partidos nacionalistas. “De los políticos que he conocido, es uno de los más extraordinarios y relevantes y, además, es una persona muy cariñosa y cercana”, confiesa a El Huffington Post Iñaki Goikoetxeta , responsable de Exteriores del PNV.
Goikoetxeta es uno de los integrantes de la delegación peneuvista que viaja a Escocia para seguir en directo todo lo que pasa en el referéndum . ¿Qué destaca de Salmond? “Es muy fiel a su concepto político identitario, tiene una consistencia extraordinaria, transmite convicción, tiene un verbo fácil, nunca renuncia al debate, es muy persuasivo, correoso y en el cuerpo a cuerpo funciona de manera extraordinaria”, responde.
Además, el líder escocés “conoce muy bien el País Vasco, lo ha visitado en varias ocasiones y tiene una relación muy cercana y próxima” con el PNV.
(Sigue leyendo después del vídeo)
"INTELIGENCIA, PREPARACIÓN Y VISIÓN"
También ha colaborado con el SNP en la organización de actos el 'número uno' de CiU en el Parlamento Europeo, Ramon Tremosa , que opina que Salmond “va a salir reforzado aunque gane el no”.
“Le ha dado la vuelta a las encuestas, ha hecho una campaña sensacional”, apostilla el nacionalista catalán. Tiene claro que los ingredientes del éxito del ministro principal han sido “gran inteligencia, preparación y la visión de qué es Escocia y qué quiere para el futuro”.
Según Tremosa, “ha visto que el escocés medio cada día está más lejos del votante inglés medio”. “El escocés es más europeísta, de centro izquierda y está a favor de las políticas sociales y del Estado del Bienestar, mientras que el inglés es más euroescéptico y no tiene ese sentimiento de colectividad”. A su juicio, esto pasa también en España, donde el “votante medio catalán está cada vez más lejos del madrileño”.
Las comparaciones son inevitables con el presidente de la Generalitat, Artur Mas. Para Tremosa, los dos tienen en común que su imagen es “pulcra” y son personas “sólidas desde el punto de vista conceptual”. “La imagen es moderna, hay un cierto paralelismo”, reconoce.
Pero también están las diferencias: “Mas tiene que compartir liderarzgo, Salmond ha aglutinado a todo el nacionalismo escocés y, por las razones que sea, en Cataluña el liderazgo es compartido con Oriol Junqueras”.
Todos pendientes de Escocia. Todos atentos de una región con 5,3 millones de habitantes que puede poner fin este jueves a 307 años de unión. Salmond solo tiene una palabra en la cabeza… ¡Yes!
TAMBIÉN TE PUEDE INTERESAR...

Beyonc vuelve a hacer playback: pillada por un fan en Pars (VDEOS)Beyoncé vuelve a hacer playback: pillada por un fan en París (VÍDEOS)
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
No está bien hacer playback durante una gira en la que miles de fans quieren verte cantar en directo, pero peor aún es hacerlo y no disimular.
Le ocurrió a Beyoncé este fin de semana en París, una de las últimas paradas de la gira On the run tour , que realiza junto a su pareja Jay-Z. La cantante estaba cantando el tema Partition cuando quiso agacharse a saludar a unos fans. Entonces su gesto amable se volvió contra ella: un asistente captó con su cámara cómo mientras se separaba el micro de la boca y dejaba de mover los labios, la música y su voz seguían sonando en el Stade de France, en Saint-Denis.
El usuario flowpest grabó el descuido y lo publicó en su perfil de Instagram. Aquí puedes verlo y comprobar cómo ella lo hace con total naturalidad. Tras el descuido, se levanta, se coloca el pelo y sigue cantando (o mejor, haciendo que canta) como si tal cosa:
La del sábado no es la primera vez que vemos a la artista haciendo una actuación fraudulenta. Lo mismo ocurrió en enero de 2013 tras la segunda victoria presidencial de Barack Obama.
Y no lo decimos nosotros: días después ella misma lo reconocería. "No tuve tiempo de ensayar con la orquesta. Era un espectáculo en directo. Debido al tiempo, al retraso... no me encontraba cómoda cantando en directo", afirmaría en una rueda de prensa en Nueva Orleans dedicada a la presentación de la SuperBowl.
TAMBIÉN TE PUEDE INTERESAR:

Pedro Snchez llama a  Slvame  para hablar del Toro de la Vega (VDEO)Previous Story
Next Story
Pedro Sánchez llama en directo a 'Sálvame' para defender su postura sobre el Toro de la Vega
EL HUFFINGTON POST
Email
Comentarios
Pedro Sánchez, secretario general del PSOE, ha llamado en directo al programa Sálvame de Telecinco para aclarar su postura sobre el Toro de la Vega .
Sánchez ha hablado en directo con el presentador del programa, Jorge Javier Vázquez, quien había criticado al PSOE por apoyar en el Ayuntamiento de Tordesillas esta celebración y había asegurado que no les votaría más.
Sánchez ha afirmado que a él nunca se le verá "en una corrida de toros" y que se compromete "a levar al Parlamento una ley de protección de animales".
"Si tú me dices que ese es tu compromiso, te devuelvo mi voto, qué le voy a hacer", ha respondido el presentador, quien ha instado al líder del PSOE a "pegar un zapatazo en el suelo" y no andarse "con paños calientes".
Jorge Javier ha tratado de invitar a Sánchez a Sálvame Deluxe, el programa que se emite los viernes por la noche, para que se someta a un polígrafo.
Sánchez acude este miércoles por la noche al programa El Hormiguero de Antena 3 y el domingo será entrevistado por Risto Mejide en Viajando con Chester de Cuatro.
Trancas, no olvides contarle a Barrancas que hoy va a @El_Hormiguero un doctor que lucha por una #ReformaFiscal justa pic.twitter.com/XCKAGGbrYp

Dormir por poco dinero Los hoteles  low cost  son la respuesta¿Dormir por poco dinero? Los hoteles 'low cost' son la respuesta
PLANETA LOW COST
Email
Comentarios
¿Para qué quiero esos pequeños botes de champú de los hoteles si yo me lo llevo de casa? Y el minibar, ¿para qué está si no me puedo permitir ni una botella de agua? Son muchos los viajeros que se han hecho estas preguntas al llegar a un hotel y cada vez son más los hoteles que han decidido hacerles caso ofreciéndoles formas alternativas para dormir a un precio mucho más económico. Desde Planeta LowCost te damos unos trucos para que ahorres unos euros en los alojamientos de tus viajes.
Los hoteles low cost responden a las necesidades de ese amplio grupo de turistas que quieren viajar sin dejarse el suelo en alojamiento y entre los que se encuentran los llamados mochileros cuya filosofía de viaje resulta muy interesante, especialmente en lugares caros y prohibitivos como algunas ciudades de Japón.
DORMIR EN UNA CÁPSULA
Japón es uno de esos destinos donde dormir puede alcanzar precios prohibitivos y donde es más recomendable seguir una tendencia low cost. Aquí la mejor opción es elegir una cápsula para dormir. Este concepto también puede encontrarse en Barcelona, donde ha aterrizado de la mano de Dream Cube Hostel .
Se trata de un hotel compartimentado en cápsulas, como el japonés, pero adaptado al estilo europeo para que la experiencia no sea tan claustrofóbica.
MENOS COSAS... MENOS COSTE
Pagar menos por el alojamiento no implica tener que dormir en una cápsula ni tampoco significa dejar de lado el diseño y la comodidad. Sidorme Hoteles se ha hecho eco de lo que es concepto low cost y ha lanzado una cadena de hoteles a precios muy económicos que ya puedes encontrar en Figueres, Girona, Barcelona, Valencia, Albacete, Granada, y el recién estrenado en Madrid.
Pero no te esperes un cuchitril. Las camas siguen siendo confortables, tienes televisión, ventanas, un diseño moderno, desayuno completo, wifi de alta velocidad e incluso baño, pero su precio es más económico que muchos de la competencia. ¿Cómo puede ser? Reduciendo otros servicios no tan necesarios como el minibar o los accesorios del baño.
A SUBASTA
La subasta es otra de las opciones para aquellos que buscan un hotel barato. eBay puso de moda este concepto de 'se lo lleva el mejor postor' y desde hace un tiempo se ha extendido a otros sectores como el turismo.
¿Quieres un viaje por tres euros? ¡Puja! ¿Quieres cuatro días de hotel en la playa por 14 euros? Entra en webs como Subasta de Ocio o BidAway y… ¡haz tu oferta!
PRECIO POR HORA
¿Por qué pagar por un hotel las 24 horas si sólo vas a disfrutar de sus estancias durante 7 horas? La respuesta a estas plegarias las responde ByHours.com , una empresa catalana que te permite reservar paquetes de horas en los hoteles, y por tanto, ahorrar cuando necesitas un hotel de forma puntual y por pocas horas.
BONUS TRACK: PARA DESINTOXICARSE... DEL MÓVIL
No vas a ahorrar dinero pero sí ahorrarás tiempo de móvil. Porque en la cadena Vincci Hoteles , el objetivo es desengancharte (aunque sea por unos días) de este dispositivo.
¿Cómo? Su servicio Detox Digital obliga a quienes lo contratan a dejar su teléfono al margen. Tienes que estar muy seguro porque no podrás entrar a la habitación con ningún dispositivo digital.
Close

Missing in action: Modis muscular foreign policyModinomics
September 19, 2014
A year ago, Narendra Modi famously chided Manmohan Singh , the then prime minister, for entertaining his Pakistani counterpart with chicken biryani, while soldiers from the two countries faced off on the Jammu and Kashmir border.
On Wednesday, it was Modi, the incumbent prime minister, who strolled the Sabarmati riverfront with Chinese president Xi Jinping as Indian and Chinese troops squared off along a disputed border in the Ladakh region.
Unlike the reticent Singh, Modi projected himself as a leader with a muscular foreign policy in his prime ministerial campaign. Some of that toughness was in evidence last month when his government  called off secretary-level talks with Pakistan to protest Islamabad’s envoy in New Delhi meeting Kashmiri separatist leaders just before official talks with India.
 It’s easy to imagine how acerbic Modi would’ve been if his predecessor Singh, for instance, had entertained a neighbouring head of state amid a border confrontation with that country. 
But with Xi and China, Modi seems to have put the tough stance on hold.
First, the Indian prime minister let the border incursions fester—and eventually, overshadow—his meetings with Xi. He spent an entire day with the Chinese president in his home state of Gujarat before heading into bilateral discussions in New Delhi on Thursday. Yet, news of Chinese troops withdrawing  (late on Thursday night) in Ladakh only trickled in on Friday, four days after the standoff began.
It’s easy to imagine how acerbic Modi would’ve been if his predecessor Singh, for instance, had entertained a neighbouring head of state as lavishly as he did, amid a border confrontation.
And even though Modi took a more aggressive posture after the meeting with Xi and said that he had “raised our serious concern over repeated incidents along the border,” his Chinese counterpart simply admitted that “certain incidents” took place due to undemarcated borders. Xi’s reassurance, particularly given the ongoing situation and the Indian prime minister’s emphasis, seemed somewhat feeble and non-committal.
While Modi may well have been more forthright during the discussions, there were also some unusual moves by his government that betrayed an attitude of appeasement towards the Chinese.
India’s junior home minister Kiren Rijiju was kept away from the meetings and banquet hosted for the Chinese president and his delegation, The Economic Times reported . This was apparently because the presence of Rijiju, a member of parliament from Arunachal Pradesh, which Beijing considers as part of its territory , could have offended Chinese sensitivities. The junior minister’s absence was even more conspicuous because his senior Rajnath Singh, India’s home minister, was travelling to Nepal and wasn’t at the meetings and banquet either.
And in Ahmedabad the day before, news reports said  that the local police had asked the city’s Hyatt hotel to ask its staff members from the northeast to keep away while president Xi was staying at the 178-roomed establishment. One reason, the report said citing unnamed sources, was that the police didn’t want to confuse these Indian citizens with Tibetans.
The next day in New Delhi, however, the police had little trouble identifying Tibetans protesting against China’s occupation of their homeland.
Share this:

Tourism ministry s new mission: Documenting Indian recipesTourism ministry s new mission: Documenting Indian recipes
Fireworks light Incheon sky as Asian Games ceremony beginsFireworks light Incheon sky as Asian Games ceremony begins
Reliance Industries  telecom arm inks MSA for tower infrastructure sharingReliance Industries  telecom arm inks MSA for tower infrastructure sharing
Centre joins hands with Gates for universal sanitationCentre joins hands with Gates for universal sanitation
Suzlon Energy shares dip 10% on listing of fresh sharesSuzlon Energy shares dip 10% on listing of fresh shares
JSW Steel: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 19, 2014, 05.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
JSW Steel: Updates on outcome of AGM
JSW Steel has submitted a copy of the minutes of the 20th Annual General Meeting held on July 31, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JSW Steel: Updates on outcome of AGM
JSW Steel has submitted a copy of the minutes of the 20th Annual General Meeting held on July 31, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
JSW Steel Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the 20th Annual General Meeting held on July 31, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Coal India: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 19, 2014, 05.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Coal India: Updates on outcome of AGM
Coal India has submitted a copy of minutes of 40th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 10, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coal India: Updates on outcome of AGM
Coal India has submitted a copy of minutes of 40th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 10, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Coal India Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of minutes of 40th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 10, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Hindustan Copper: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 19, 2014, 05.52 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hindustan Copper: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Hindustan Copper has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 47th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 19, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hindustan Copper: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Hindustan Copper has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 47th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 19, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Hindustan Copper Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 47th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 19, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Govt mulls raising excise duty on unbranded dieselGovt mulls raising excise duty on unbranded diesel
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
With softening global oil rates leading to first ever profit on diesel sales, the government is considering raising excise duty on unbranded diesel to take away the gains.
State-owned oil companies are making a profit of 35 paise a litre from this week after falling international prices wiped away losses or under-recovery on the nation’s most consumed fuel.
The Finance Ministry has written to Oil Ministry seeking its view on raising excise duty on unbranded diesel, a senior finance ministry official said.
“Since diesel prices is coming down so we have written to Petroleum Ministry asking if there any scope for raising excise duty on unbranded diesel,” he said.
Normal or unbranded diesel currently attracts basic excise duty of Rs 1.46 a litre and an additional excise duty of Rs 2 per litre. In comparison, branded or premium grade diesel is levied with a total excise duty of Rs 5.75 a litre.
The differential in duty rates results in varied prices of the two — a litre of normal or unbranded diesel costs Rs 58.97 while branded fuel is priced at Rs 62.34.
A similar differential exists on petrol as well — a litre of branded petrol costing Rs 73.47 while unbranded version coming for Rs 68.55.
Under—recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost on diesel was 8 paise per litre in the first half of September. The under—recovery in the second half has turned into over—recovery or profit of 35 paisa per litre.
Had diesel prices been deregulated like petrol, rates would have been cut for the first time in over five years.
Diesel rates were last cut on January 29, 2009 when they were reduced by Rs 2 a litre to Rs 30.86.
Since then rates have only increased as international oil prices climbed. Since January 2013, diesel prices have been raised by up to 50 paise a litre every month to eliminate under—recoveries.
Deregulation would give oil companies powers to change rates in tandem with cost like they do in case of petrol since June 2010.
Oil companies calculate the desired retail selling price of petrol and diesel on 1st and 16th of every month based on average international benchmark price and rupee—dollar exchange rate.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Assam CM unveils Angel Fund for first generation entrepreneursAssam CM unveils Angel Fund for first generation entrepreneurs
PTI
Tweet
Guwahati, Sept 19:  
Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi today unveiled the Angel Fund floated to help first generation entrepreneurs and skilled youths aspiring to set up micro and small enterprises, thereby giving an impetus to the economy of the State.
Unveiling the special fund here, Gogoi said 80 per cent of the loan being extended would help the entrepreneurs and skilled youths to set up their own ventures and to become self—independent.
The Government would raise the maximum loan amount under the scheme so that the beneficiaries engaged in traditional industries can expand their businesses in a big way, Gogoi said.
“Our Government will raise the maximum loan amount under the scheme from the existing Rs 5 lakh so that the young entrepreneurs can go in for expansion of their businesses in a big way. Today’s unveiling of the scheme is just a beginning.
We have to go on a Mission Mode for the overall growth of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) sector in the State,” he said.
The Chief Minister stressed on the need for proper counselling of the first generation entrepreneurs so that they could manage their business affairs efficiently enabling them to make repayment on time. “As the first generation entrepreneurs would be making foray into trade, they need proper guidance for managing their venture successfully,” Gogoi added.
Pointing out the MSME sector has to play a major role in solving the unemployment problem in the State “given the fact that there is less scope of big industries coming to the State because of non—availability of required land and limited scope of white—collar jobs,” he said.
Announcing a special scheme for the traditional and indigenous industries in the State, Gogoi said, “Our government will come up with a new scheme to promote the traditional industries such as bell metal, sital—pati (murta plants) products, ornaments, bamboo, handloom and handicrafts.
We will reach out to the artisans engaged in traditional industries in a major way”.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

On Twitter  Yes dominated on Scottish independence till September 18On Twitter, ‘Yes’ dominated on Scottish independence till September 18
AJ Vinayak
Mangalore, September 19:  
Finally it is a ‘no’ for Scottish independence.
However, from August 5 (the first televised debate on the referendum for independence of Scotland) till September 18, it was the ‘yes’ that ruled the referendum on Twitter.
In a blog post on September 18 on the UK blog of Twitter, Joanna Geary, Head of News, Twitter UK, said that since the first televised debate on August 5, there have been more than seven million Tweets about the referendum.
The popular hash tag for referendum on Scotish independence was #IndyRef with 3.75 million tweets. This was followed by #VoteYes at 1.1 million, #Scotland 439,000, #ScotDecides at 272,000 and #BetterTogether at 224,000.
The blog post said that there have been 1.55 million tweets mentioning hashtags related to the ‘Yes’ campaign since August 5 as against 5,00,000 Tweets related to the ‘No’ campaign hashtags.
In another blog post on Friday, she said that from 7 am on Thursday (when the polls started) till 7 am of Friday morning, Twitter users sent 2,603,497 Tweets.
When the result was finally confirmed at 6.11 am on Friday morning Twitter generated a peak of 5,212 Tweets per minute (TPM). She said that it was the highest peak in TPM recorded during the referendum process as a whole. Earlier peaks were seen during the referendum debates on August 5 with 2,019 TPM and August 25 with 2,213 TPM.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Titan s challenge is to remain a premium brandStory
Makeover Time
After being a brand of the masses, Titan is now trying to be a premium lifestyle brand. Its an uphill task.
Ajita Shashidhar      Follow @AjitaShashidhar    Edition: Sept 28, 2014
Geared for change: Bhaskar Bhat, MD, Titan Company, wearing Titan shades and holding a Fastrack helmet. (Photos: Nilotpal Baruah)
Titan has been the timekeeper of the Indian middle-class for decades. But with international brands flooding the market over the years, competition has spurred the Rs 10,955-crore company to diversify.
"Any category we enter, we should pioneer, excel and be world-class, offer a value proposition to consumers, which is so different," says Bhaskar Bhat, Managing Director of Titan Company . The principle, Bhat says, extends to any product that the company brings out. Its jewellery brand, Tanishq, has over the years proved it.
The latest entrant is the new range of fine French perfume called Skinn. A 50-ml bottle costs Rs 999, half the price of any international premium perfume brand. In a market where the choice is only between low-quality unbranded stuff and expensive foreign brands, there seems to be a space for such a product. Though Skinn is made and packaged in France, the company had flown in perfumers from Paris to help them know the kind of aroma that Indians prefer. "We took perfumers who had made brands such as Chanel not just to Indian flower markets but also to restaurants and food streets," says H.G. Raghunath, CEO of watches and accessories at Titan. "Our aim was to give a great product at good value."
From watches and jewellery to fragrances, the company has always tapped unorganised sectors and turned it around to build successful businesses. At present, Titan is evaluating at least 50 business opportunities in the women's, kids and youth's lifestyle categories. The aim is to increase revenue by 2.5 times in the next five years by becoming a premium lifestyle company. Today, nearly 10 per cent of its total revenue comes from premium watch brands such as Zoya, Xylys and Nebula. Titan now wants to scale it to 20 per cent in next five years. "We will enter more lifestyle categories. We already have bags, belts, wallets, perfumes and helmets," says Bhat.
Titan's aspiration can be gauged from its internal accelerator programme 'Igniter'. Any employee can submit a business idea. Around 20 such ideas are shortlisted every quarter and the employees are asked to make a presentation. Finally three or four ideas are finalised and they are asked to work on these businesses. "A lot of upcoming new businesses are an outcome of Igniter," says Raj Narayanan, Chief HR Officer. The company's eyewear business launched in 2006, Titan Eye+, was the byproduct of a similar programme called 'Future Shock'.
Bhat, 59, says the urge to explore new businesses has been there in the company since its inception. In 1984, when it entered the watch market, Hindustan Machine Tools (HMT), the sole player, was making 3.5 million watches a year. Riding on a robust distribution network and value brands such as Sonata, not just did Titan overtake HMT, but it also scaled up the image of a wristwatch from a gadget of utility to a fashion accessory. Today, Titan controls 45 per cent of the Rs 5,300-crore Indian watch market and sells 16 million pieces a year. Tanishq too is a nearly Rs 9,000-crore brand with over 80 per cent market share of branded jewellery industry.
"Our expansion has always been opportunity led. Take for instance Raga, the women's watch segment. I think we got it right when we decided it shouldn't be brand Titan. It is still part of Titan but Raga is the name and it is so uniquely positioned that it cannot have a Swiss or a Chinese competitor," says Bhat.
Since the annual results for 2013/14 came out in May, the company's shares have surged by more than 40 per cent. Industry watchers say Bhat's promise to more than double its revenue in the next five years along with the upbeat mood in the economy led to the bull run in company's stocks.
But its revenue and profit growth has been modest. In the April-June quarter of 2014/15, profit grew less than one per cent while net sales fell to Rs 2,853 crore from Rs 3,087 crore in the corresponding quarter last year. For the full fiscal year 2013/14, revenue increased only 7.34 per cent to Rs 10,955 crore from Rs 10,206 crore in 2012/13. Net profit rose 2.2 per cent to Rs 741.14 crore. Its watch business grew by just 6.9 per cent but the worst hit was Tanishq, which grew only by 6.5 per cent. The jewellery business was hit due to a shortage in gold supply triggered by the government and the Reserve Bank of India move to increase customs duty and cap gold imports.
But the moot question is whether Titan can become a premium lifestyle brand. The shift from the mass brand is not easy. For long, the company's forte was in the Rs 500 to Rs 2,500 price points. But now mobile phones are fast replacing watches in this mass segment. So now the focus is on watches that cost upwards of Rs 5,000. This year close to 40 per cent of its watch revenue came from this price band. Meanwhile, the company has experienced 25 per cent growth in the price range of Rs 10,000-Rs 25,000. But in this range Titan doesn't have many options.
"Titan has put in efforts in design and showcasing. You will see a lot of rejuvenation in the brand," says Bhat. It has enhanced its premium offerings with brands such as Octane and Automatics that come in the Rs 11,000 to Rs 16,000 price range. Titan has also acquired the 18th century Swiss brand Favre Leuba as part of its plan to launch its luxury offering in the range of Rs 75,000 to Rs 1 lakh. At its manufacturing plant in Hosur, Tamil Nadu, Titan has formed a team trained to make high-end handcrafted mechanical watches.
'To make Skinn, we flew in perfumers from paris to help them know the kind of aroma Indians prefer,' says H.G. RAGHUNATH, CEO, Watches and Accessories, Titan.
Brand Perception
But consumer perception could impede its brand aspirations. Rahul Varma, 25, who works in an insurance company in Mumbai, recently bought a Seiko watch from Helios, Titan's multi-brand retail initiative. Asked why he didn't go for a Nebula or Titan Edge, he said, "Why would I buy a Titan when I am prepared to pay Rs 40,000 for a watch?" So will he buy Skinn when he has an option to buy Hugo Boss? "Skinn is a good option for gifting. But I don't think I will buy it for myself if I can afford a Hugo Boss," he says.
Raghu Vishwanath, Managing Director of Vertebrand, a brand valuation company, says an image makeover is not going to be easy. A former Titan employee, he says the company has never been able to come out of its decision in the 90s to chase volume-based growth. "It may have been a great business move but it has diluted the brand equity," he says.
When Titan was launched by the Tatas , its Oxford-educated Chairman and Managing Director Xerxes Sapur Desai had positioned it as a fashion accessory. The watches were a contrast to the clunky ones of HMT. Desai went on to launch five sub-brands - Exacta, Classique, Spectra, Royale and Fastrack. The ad too exuded a premium, classy feel with Mozart's 25th Symphony as the background score. In less than a decade, Titan's revenue touched Rs 700 crore. But in the mid 1990s, when it stepped into the jewellery business, its profits took a hit, forcing the company to chase growth through higher volume sales. The idea gave birth to the mass brand - Sonata. The cash registers were ringing again. "Since it had no competition, it did not think differently and remained focused on volumes," says Gopalratnam Kannan, an ex-Titan employee who went to head Swatch India.
In the long run, Titan failed to cope with international competition in the premium segment."It has lost out as brands like Swatch and Seiko came with a portfolio of products. Now Titan has to build its products from scratch," says Bijou Kurien, Board member at private-equity firm L Capital Asia and a former COO of Titan. Experts says Titan's challenge is similar to that of Bata, the footwear retail company. Bata has been trying to be a premium brand by selling HushPuppies and Naturaliser but is still seen as 'mass school shoe retailer'. Abneesh Roy, head of Institutional Equities Research, Edelweiss, says the Titan brand of watches took the hit when jewellery emerged as a cash cow. "More than 80 per cent of its profits came from Tanishq. It didn't advertise its watches much," he says.
Bhat agrees that the brand has lost its aspirational value. "We started losing counter space in the large format department stores. We realised that category wars were being fought at these stores at least in the mid-premium, premium and luxury segments. We took feedback and have worked on it," he says.
He says that the question of giving up market share for a premium position has always haunted the company. "We were not prepared for that. We said we won't till it is not forced on us. Even today we are not giving up market share," he says.
'It has lost out as brands like Swatch and Seiko came with their products. Now Titan has to build its products from scratch,' says BIJOU KURIEN, Board member, L Capital Asia.
For Bhat, the challenge is to grow without giving up the market share. "We sell 16 million watches a year. No other watch brand even sells one million watches except Timex. Most international brands sell less than 200,000 to 300,000 watches. But they are very visible. So, people like you and me see various other international premium brands. But if you go to the next town, nobody knows about these global brands," he says. Bhat admits it's tough to retain market share in the long run. "People are not brand loyal. One generally picks up from a cluster of brands," he says.
For now, diversification seems to be the way ahead. "We could have done helmets 20 years ago but this population of two-wheelers wasn't there. We could have entered perfumes earlier but it's still an open category. In sunglasses, there is no [local] brand and foreign brands are expensive," he says.
Kurien says the effort to scale up unorganised sectors like helmets will be much more than the outcome. "They need big ideas that will give Rs 2,000 crore to Rs 4,000 crore top line. I doubt if fragrances or helmets would deliver those numbers," he says.
Bhat thinks otherwise. "If you take the two-wheeler population in India and the number of accidents, there is a need for helmets. The problem is the product is not available. For a smart, lightweight, high-quality helmet, why wouldn't people pay Rs 2,000?" he asks.
Will Titan eventually be a premium lifestyle conglomerate? Kannan of Swatch India says it will take time and the company has to face its inherent challenges. "But then the company's stakeholder, the Tatas, are not new to premium market. They have brands like Taj Hotels, the byword of luxury," he says.

Portable WiFi devices make internet access smartStory
WiFi in your pocket
With every gadget becoming smart, you now need a portable WiFi device in your pocket all the time.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: August 2014
Telecom operators have realised the changing customer needs and have come up with better products (Photo: Reuters)
Gone are the days when you needed a broadband connection only at home to connect your PC. With every gadget becoming smart, you now need a portable WiFi device in your pocket all the time.
A couple of years ago, using a WiFi hotspot option on your phone, if you had data activated, was a great idea. However, that is not a reliable alternative these days as the phone's battery doesn't last long enough.
Telecom operators have realised the changing customer needs and have come up with better products.
Airtel 3G WiFi
Rs 2,499
Airtel has launched a 3G WiFi dongle that allows users to download data on multiple devices at a high speed of up to 21 Mbps on its 3G network. The device is similar to Tata Photon Max WiFi. It needs to be plugged in either to a laptop or an adapter that converts it into a WiFi router. Up to five devices can be connected to the 3G network using this dongle, including laptops, tablets, mobiles and any other device.
MTS MBlaze Ultra WiFi
Rs 1,499
This dongle works on the EV-Do network, which claims to have a better network reach. It delivers a speed of up to 9.8 Mbps and can be used to connect up to six devices. It has a dual LED indicator for WiFi network. It works with a laptop USB, car chargers and travel chargers. Although it is priced at Rs 2,650, the dongle is available at a huge discount on the MTS website.
Tata Photon Max WiFi
Launched last year, the Tata Photon Max WiFi was among the first few USB dongles that could be converted into a WiFi router to connect up to five devices. The dongle promises a speed of up to 6.2 Mbps. The only downside in unlimited plans is that the speed slows to 153.8 Kbps after you consume the high-speed monthly data under the plan.
Idea Smart WiFi
Rs 2,499
The Idea Smart WiFi is a few hundred rupees expensive than some other similar devices but claims to offer a downlink speed of 21.6 Mbps and can be used to connect up to 10 devices. It requires external power to work - be it a laptop or a power adapter. Interestingly, this device can be controlled using a mobile app as well.
TRAVEL ROUTERS
If you already use a data card, you don't have to dump it and invest in a new one. Instead, you can get yourself a router that converts the dongle into a WiFi router that can be used on a limited number of devices. You can configure the device yourself by following the steps mentioned in the user manual.
MTS MBlaze Power WiFi
Rs 4,000
This is a 3-in-1 device that works as a memory card reader, a charging device and a WiFi router. It can be used to connect up to six devices on the WiFi network, and packs in a 5,200 mAh battery that can provide power to other gadgets too. It can be used to share media files across all the connected devices through a memory card slot.
Micromax 440W router with power bank
Rs 1,400
Powered by a 4400 mAh ba ttery, it has got a USB 2.0 and a built-in antenna. It also has LAN support. Weighing 200 grams, it can pair up to 32 devices on a single network. It has a power button, charge button, battery indicator button and a reset button. This device can also support speeds of up to 150 Mbps.
Olive Nexus V12 wireless router
The device Ofers a world of connectivity options including WAN or LAN. It has a standard USB 2.0 for connecting a data card. Olive has also added a 1800 mAh battery to power the data card or charge any other gadget. This can connect up to 20 devices and supports speeds up to 150 Mbps.
D-Link DIR 505
Rs 1,295
This all-in-one mobile companion router is compact in size and can fit in your palm. But unlike others, this is a one-piece wall plug adapter. It can also be used as a USB charger. Easy to set up, this works in four different modes - router mode, AP mode, repeater mode, and WiFi hotspot mode.

A guide to breaking up with your bankBy Jonnelle Marte September 16 Follow @jonnelle
(Photo from Flickr user 401(K) 2012 used under Creative Commons license)
You’ve decided: It’s time to ditch your bank. But are you ready to make the switch?
There are plenty of reasons for wanting to change banks. Maybe you’re fed up with paying ATM fees, so you want a bank with branches closer to home or work. Or you found an account with a credit union  or a smaller bank that promises better customer service or charges fewer fees.
Whatever the deciding factor, many people who think about changing banks end up staying put — often because of worries about the work involved. “It takes a little bit of time and effort,” says Greg McBride, chief financial analyst for Bankrate.com. “There’s a natural tendency to cringe at the thought of it.”
Indeed, people who aren’t careful when they make the change can face steep fees for missed payments, unnecessary money transfers and overdrafts. Here are some tips for breaking up with your bank:
Tell your current bank what’s coming. This gives them a chance to let you know of any new offerings that might match what you’re looking for, says Mike Townsend, a spokesman for the American Bankers Association. It also lays the groundwork for closing the account, which can take a few days to a few months.
Open the new account. That’s right, before you close the old one. This gives you time to set up direct deposit and to give merchants your new billing information.
Don’t close the old account right away. While you should stop using your old checking account right away, you should keep it open for at least another 30 days while you transition to the new account, says Mike Moebs, economist  and chief executive of Moebs Services. “Sixty days is better,” he says. Some banks even charge fees for closing accounts before a certain amount of time, according to Bankrate.com.
Ask for a switch kit. Your new bank or credit union may offer what’s called a “switch kit,” a step-by-step checklist of the forms you’ll need to transition to your new account, Townsend says.  That will include letters for setting up direct deposit and forms that can make it easier to redirect automatic payments being charged to the checking account. These kits can be obtained online, in the branch or through the mail.
Make sure all automatic bills are moved over. Keep any eye out for any bills still being charged to your old account and update the payment information, Moebs says. Make sure direct deposit and other transactions are clearing smoothly through your new account. Alex Matjanec, co-founder of MyBankTracker.com, recommends checking the past year’s worth of statements to create a list of transactions that may come up. Some examples of bills to watch for: utilities, credit cards, loans, gym memberships and payments that may come up  once or twice a year like charitable donations and insurance payments.
Move over whatever cash is left. After 30 days or so of zero activity on your old checking account, have the remaining balance transferred to your new account, says McBride of Bankrate.com. Transfers from one financial institution to another are typically handled through the what’s known as the Automatic Clearing House, or ACH, an electronic process that normally takes three business days — or five regular days if you put the request in on a Friday.
Get written confirmation. Ask your old bank or credit union to give you a letter that confirms the account was closed, Matjanec says. You should also cut up old debit cards and checkbooks to be sure you don’t inadvertently use them later, he says.
Read more:

Monsoon revival aids farm sector growthStory
Right as rain
The recent revival in the monsoon has come as a shot in the arm for the farm sector.
Ajay Modi      Follow @ajaymodibt Delhi   Edition: Sept 28, 2014
Coming up a cloud: Paddy sowing in progress in Kalahandi district, Odisha. Photo: Shekhar Ghosh.
Concerns about the outlook for the kharif crop have abated with monsoon rains picking up in August. Indeed, sowing is almost complete and the area under summer crops is only three per cent lower than last year. The gap was 27 per cent on July 25.
The kharif season accounts for almost half of the agricultural output, and the monsoon's revival is significant because it was the farm sector that supported sagging gross domestic product (GDP) growth in 2013/14. Manufacturing and mining growth slipped last fiscal year due to the policy paralysis of the previous United Progressive Alliance government. GDP grew 4.7 per cent in 2013/14, with the farm sector expanding at the same pace.
While manufacturing and mining have moved back into the positive territory in the first quarter of this fiscal year thanks to improved business sentiment under the Narendra Modi government, there were concerns about the impact of poor rains on the economy. The situation looks better now.
The government expects GDP to grow by 5.7 to 5.9 per cent in 2014/15. Robust farm growth can contain inflation, support industry and services, and increase job opportunities in rural India. PK Joshi, South Asia Director at International Food Policy Research Institute, says the farm sector will grow this year as well though the pace may slow down.
The India Meteorological Department estimates rainfall this year to be 13 per cent lower than normal. The deficit in northwest India, with states like Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh, was 34 per cent until August 27. But Haryana and Punjab are well-irrigated and that will mitigate the impact of a suboptimal monsoon.
Data from the agriculture ministry shows that paddy was sown on 36 million hectares by early September, marginally lower than last year. Pulses were sown on 9.72 million hectares against 10.36 million hectares in 2013 while oilseeds were sown on 17.34 million hectares compared with 18.89 million hectares last year.
Cotton has been sown on 12.37 million hectares, higher than 11.31 million hectares in 2013. "Crops like pulses and coarse cereals will attain the required growth," says J. S. Sandhu, Agriculture Commissioner in the Ministry of Agriculture, who has set out on a tour to evaluate crop prospects in states. "There will be negligible impact of delayed sowing."

Artificial sweeteners linked to diabetes  obesityArtificial sweeteners linked to diabetes, obesity
PTI
Tweet
Jerusalem, Sept 18:  
Scientists have found that after exposure to artificial sweeteners our gut bacteria may be triggering harmful metabolic changes that can lead to diabetes and obesity.
Researchers from the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel discovered that artificial sweeteners, even though they do not contain sugar, nonetheless have a direct effect on the body’s ability to utilise glucose.
Glucose intolerance — generally thought to occur when the body cannot cope with large amounts of sugar in the diet — is the first step on the path to metabolic syndrome and adult—onset diabetes.
Researchers in the new study gave mice water laced with the three most commonly used artificial sweeteners, in amounts equivalent to those permitted by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
These mice developed glucose intolerance, as compared to mice that drank water, or even sugar water. Repeating the experiment with different types of mice and different doses of the artificial sweeteners produced the same results — these substances were somehow inducing glucose intolerance.
Next, the researchers investigated a hypothesis that the gut microbiota are involved in this phenomenon.
They thought the bacteria might do this by reacting to new substances like artificial sweeteners, which the body itself may not recognise as “food.”
Researchers treated mice with antibiotics to eradicate many of their gut bacteria; this resulted in a full reversal of the artificial sweeteners’ effects on glucose metabolism.
Next, they transferred the microbiota from mice that consumed artificial sweeteners to “germ—free,” or sterile, mice — resulting in a complete transmission of the glucose intolerance into the recipient mice.
This, in itself, was conclusive proof that changes to the gut bacteria are directly responsible for the harmful effects to their host’s metabolism.
A detailed characterisation of the microbiota in these mice revealed profound changes to their bacterial populations, including new microbial functions that are known to infer a propensity to obesity, diabetes, and complications of these problems in both mice and humans.
Researchers also conducted a controlled experiment in humans, asking a group of volunteers who did not generally eat or drink artificially sweetened foods to consume them for a week, and then undergo tests of their glucose levels and gut microbiota compositions.
The findings showed that many — but not all — of the volunteers had begun to develop glucose intolerance after just one week of artificial sweetener consumption.
Researchers believe that certain bacteria in the guts of those who developed glucose intolerance reacted to the chemical sweeteners by secreting substances that then provoked an inflammatory response similar to sugar overdose, promoting changes in the body’s ability to utilise sugar.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Cipla licenses rights for antibiotic to Salix PharmaCipla licenses rights for antibiotic to US-based Salix Pharma
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 19:15 IST
Photo for representation purposes only. (Source: Reuters)
Drug major Cipla on Thursday granted a license to US-based Salix Pharmaceuticals giving exclusive rights for certain patent applications of its 'Rifaximin Complexes', which are currently under drug development stage.
"Under the agreement, Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights under certain patent applications in the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patent family controlled by Cipla," the company said in a statement.
Generally, Rifaximin is used as an antibiotic.
The grant is on a worldwide basis, excluding the countries of Asia (other than Japan) and Africa, it added.
Commenting on the development, Cipla USA and Canada CEO Timothy Crew said, "We are delighted to be partnering with Salix Pharmaceuticals and to expand on our existing license to Salix to introduce rights to the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patent applications."
Cipla will be entitled to a an up-front payment and, upon achievement, additional regulatory milestone payments by Salix in respect of the new license agreement, the drug major said without sharing details.
"Salix also will pay a royalty on net sales of products covered by the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patents licensed to Salix," it added.
"This deal signifies our ongoing commitment to provide access to innovative treatments to patients worldwide," Cipla MD & Global CEO Subhanu Saxena said.
In 2013 the company had announced the expansion of its existing collaboration with Meda by granting global commercialisation rights for a proprietary combination nasal spray product (fluticasone and azelastine) Dymista, Cipla said.

Eight dead following attack on Ebola team in GuineaBy Abby Phillip September 18 Follow @abbydphillip
A worker disinfects a van at the Doctors Without Borders center in Conakry, Guinea. (Cellou Binani/AFP via Getty Images)
The bodies of eight people, including several health workers and three journalists, have been found days after they were attacked while distributing information about Ebola in a Guinean village near the city of Nzerekore, according to Reuters .
"The eight bodies were found in the village latrine," Albert Damantang Camara, a spokesman for Guinea's government, told Reuters on Thursday. "Three of them had their throats slit."
When the delegation arrived on Tuesday to do disinfection work and educate people about preventing Ebola, angry and fearful residents began throwing rocks and beating people in the group with clubs according to the Los Angeles Times , which cited Guinean radio reports. The delegation, which included one local politician, fled into the bush to escape the attackers.
One journalist who managed to escape told reporters that she could hear the people looking for her while she hid, according to the BBC .
On Thursday, the bodies were found in the septic tank of a primary school in the village, according to Camara. They had been "killed in cold blood by the villagers," he added, according to the BBC .
Throughout this epidemic, public health officials have battled widespread fear and even  doubts that the virus exists at all . The deadly attack illustrates the danger that health workers face as they try to spread information about the virus in an effort to control the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history.
The attack occurred in an area near where riots broke out last month because people feared that workers disinfecting a market were contaminating people, according to the BBC.
Guinean radio reported that the attack came after the group tried to spray disinfectant to prevent the virus from spreading in public places, the LA Times reported.
Earlier, the governor of Nzerekore told the BBC that he believed the group was being held captive. A government delegation had been sent to the Wome (Wamey) village but was unable to gain access because the main bridge leading to the town was destroyed to prevent authorities from reaching it, the BBC reported.
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa began in a Guinea border town, Guéckédou, which is near where Tuesday's attack occurred. The spread of the virus in the country has not accelerated as quickly as it has in other affected countries, particularly Liberia.
But 33 percent of the cases in Guinea have been reported in the last three weeks, signaling that the outbreak is far from under control. According to the World Health Organization, at least 2,622 people have died and 5,335 have been infected in Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone, Nigeria and Senegal.
[This post has been updated multiple times.]
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

Epilogue: Going a la carteBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 18 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
Those of you who have been telling me for years that you are dying to ditch your cable subscriptions and just pay for a few channels a la carte might be a couple of steps closer to getting your wish for a new business model. CBS chief executive Les Moonves, who oversees both broadcast and cable operations for the company, said yesterday afternoon that he is considering ways to let subscribers buy Showtime subscriptions that they would stream over the Internet. And it appears that Verizon is looking for ways to give customers more latitude to put together their own packages for online television service that could be made available next year.
My question for those of you who are eager to cancel your cable subscriptions, or who already went cold turkey or who never had cable in the first place: If we were to really get full à la carte, what channels would you pick, and what would your price limit be for each one of them?
“The Good Wife” is back on Sunday, and I could not be happier. (Myles Aronowitz/CBS )
• Gloria Steinem is going to be on “The Good Wife.” I hope she and Diane turn out to have done time in the same consciousness-raising circle.
• Amazon (whose CEO owns The Post) is rolling out new tablets and e-readers .
• New York Comic-Con asked the good folks at the Mary Sue to help the convention develop an anti-harassment policy and the results are here .

"Closer" va assigner Trierweiler aprs la parution de son livre"Closer" va assigner Valérie Trierweiler après la parution de son livre "Merci pour ce moment"
Le HuffPost/AFP
E-mail
Commenter
MÉDIAS - Closer s'apprête à assigner Valérie Trierweiler en justice parce qu'elle écrit dans son livre avoir rencontré François Hollande après leur rupture, alors qu'elle a fait condamner le magazine people pour avoir rapporté ces rencontres, a-t-on appris mardi de source proche du dossier.
La magazine avait été condamné en mars et en juin pour atteinte à la vie privée et au droit à l'image pour avoir écrit que l'ex-compagne de François Hollande vivait avec un esprit de revanche, et avoir indiqué qu'elle avait revu le chef de l'Etat après leur séparation en janvier. La revue avait dû verser un total de 19.000 euros.
Depuis la parution début septembre du livre de Valérie Trierweiler , Merci pour ce moment, Closer estime que l'esprit de revanche est avéré, tandis que la tenue des rencontres entre l'ex-Première dame et le président après leur rupture est désormais établie.
La société Mondadori Magazines France, qui édite Closer, réclame un euro de dommages et intérêts , ainsi que le remboursement de ses frais de justice.
"Faribole"
Closer n'a pas souhaité commenter cette information. Contactés par l'AFP, Valérie Trierweiler a indiqué ne pas être au courant, et son avocat Me Georges Kiejman a qualifié la décision de Closer de "faribole".
Écrit et édité dans le plus grand secret, Merci pour ce moment est un véritable succès de librairie: la journaliste de Paris-Match revient dans ces 320 pages sur les "années enchantées" de sa relation avec Hollande puis la descente aux enfers de son couple après la révélation "Gayet".
Dans son livre, la journaliste de 49 ans, qui n'était restée à l'Élysée qu'entre mai 2012 et janvier 2014, porte plusieurs coups durs à la réputation de François Hollande, disant notamment du président qu'il "n'aime pas les pauvres. Lui, l'homme de gauche, dit en privé: 'les sans-dents' très fier de son trait d'humour".
Début janvier, Closer avait été le premier à faire état d'une relation entre le président François Hollande et l'actrice Julie Gayet dans un dossier de sept pages accompagné de photos. Deux semaines plus tard, le chef de l'Etat annonçait sa séparation d'avec Valérie Trierweiler.
LIRE AUSSI:

Ryan Gosling et Eva Mendes sont parentsRyan Gosling papa: Eva Mendes aurait accouché de leur premier enfant
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
PEOPLE - Eva Mendes et Ryan Gosling sont parents. Selon US Weekly , Eva Mendes a donné naissance au premier enfant du couple vendredi 12 septembre.
Extrêmement discrets tout au long de la grossesse, Ryan Gosling, 33 ans, et Eva Mendes, 40 ans, n'ont pas encore annoncé la bonne nouvelle et il y a fort à parier pour que le nouveau né soit gardé loin des objectifs dans les semaines à venir. Après tout, la presse n'avait d'ailleurs pas révélé la grossesse d'Eva Mendes avant que celle-ci en soit à sept mois.
Certains médias américains parlent d'une petite fille, sans plus de précisions.
Les deux stars ont commencé à se fréquenter en 2011. En 2013, les amoureux ont partagé l'affiche du film The Place Beyond the Pines. Ryan Gosling y découvrait qu'Eva Mendes lui avait donné un fils. Prémonitoire?
Les fans de Ryan Gosling pourraient accueillir la nouvelle avec un peu d'amertume. Jalousie mise à part, les admirateurs de Gosling ont une crainte depuis l'annonce de la grossesse d'Eva Mendes: voir le bel acteur déserter les studios de cinémas. L'acteur avait en effet déclaré au quotidien britannique The Times: "je ferai des films jusqu'à que je fasse des bébés".
LIRE AUSSI

Regardez le but de Monaco-Bayer LeverkusenVIDÉOS. Le résumé et le but de Monaco-Bayer Leverkusen (1-0) en Ligue des Champions
Le HuffPost
E-mail
Commenter
FOOTBALL - L'AS Monaco aura réussi son retour en Ligue des Champions. Dix ans après sa finale perdue contre le FC Porto (0-3), le club du Rocher s'est imposé 1-0 mardi contre le Bayer Leverkusen lors de la première journée de la compétition européenne.
Un but de Joao Moutinho à la 61e minute a permis de débloquer la situation, alors que les Monégasques avaient concédé de nombreuses occasions en première mi-temps.
LIRE AUSSI:

5 mois aprs  que sont devenues les lycennes nigrianesE-mail
Commenter
INTERNATIONAL - Dans la nuit du 14 au 15 avril 2014, des centaines de collégiennes du pensionnat de Chibok, au nord-est du Nigéria, ont été réveillées par des coups de feu. En voyant des hommes en tenue de camouflage s’approcher de l’établissement, elles ont cru que des soldats venaient les sauver d’une attaque, ont expliqué des rescapées.
En fait, plus de 270 filles ont été capturées par les militants du groupe terroriste islamiste Boko Haram. Leur enlèvement a suscité l’indignation du monde entier, et une campagne visant à les faire libérer a popularisé le hashtag #BringBackOurGirls .
Dimanche 21 septembre marquera leur cinquième mois de détention. Voici ce qui s’est passé depuis cette nuit-là.
Pas une otage n’a été libérée
Quelques jours après leur enlèvement, 57 filles ont réussi à s’enfuir. Aucune de leurs camarades n’a pu s’échapper depuis.
Alors qu’elles sont censées avoir été localisées voilà déjà plusieurs mois
En mai, un responsable militaire nigérian a déclaré savoir où les filles se trouvaient . Un mois plus tard, des avions de surveillance américains ont à leur tour repéré un groupe de personnes que les Etats-Unis pensaient être les otages.
Stephen Davis, un prêtre australien, a annoncé en juin que les négociations pour obtenir la libération des collégiennes avaient échoué par trois fois en un mois. Il a expliqué que des personnes influentes "personnellement impliquées" s’efforçaient de faire capoter l’accord, et accusé des hommes politiques nigérians de financer Boko Haram. Le gouvernement nigérian a défendu sa gestion de la crise et prévenu que toute tentative de libérer les jeunes filles risquait de se solder par la mort des otages.
Les autres pays n’ont pas beaucoup avancé
D’après l’Associated Press, le Nigéria a hésité deux semaines avant d’accepter l’aide internationale pour retrouver les collégiennes.
Quand les autres pays ont été autorisés à participer aux recherches, ils ne sont pas allés bien loin. Fin mai, les Etats-Unis ont envoyé 80 soldats afin de coordonner une mission de recherche aéroportée depuis le Tchad voisin. Le Canada, la France, Israël et la Grande-Bretagne ont également dépêché des forces spéciales au Nigéria. Mais, six semaines plus tard, le porte-parole du Pentagone a annoncé que la mission américaine serait réduite : "Nous n’avons pas une idée plus précise de l’endroit où ces filles se trouvent qu’au début de cette opération".
Les troupes américaines sont toujours au Tchad, et les Etats-Unis envoient chaque semaine des avions en reconnaissance mais les services de renseignement hésitent à partager ce qu’ils savent de Boko Haram avec l’armée nigériane, étant donné ses violations répétées des droits de l’Homme.
En attendant, la ville d’où proviennent les otages est toujours en danger
Les habitants de Chibok sont sous la menace permanente d’une attaque terroriste. En juin, une offensive sur les villages voisins a permis à Boko Haram d’avancer jusqu’à moins de cinq kilomètres de la ville d’où les otages sont originaires.
Qui plus est, au moins 11 des parents des jeunes filles ont été tués par des militants, ou emportés par la maladie, depuis l’enlèvement.
Et la violence ne diminue pas
Depuis le mois d’avril, Boko Haram affirme avoir pris le contrôle d’au moins cinq villes dans le nord-est du pays (l’armée nigériane prétend en avoir libéré plusieurs). L’organisation terroriste a également kidnappé trois autres groupes de jeunes filles, et des douzaines d’hommes et de garçons, dont certains ont été libérés depuis.
Les attaques de Boko Haram auraient fait plus de 2 100 victimes depuis le 14 avril, selon le Council on Foreign Relations. Et, en dix jours seulement, au mois d’août, 10 000 personnes ont fui les combats au nord-est du pays.
L’armée nigériane est au bord de l’effondrement..
L’armée nigériane semble incapable de résoudre ce problème. Une quarantaine de soldats, se disant mal équipés, auraient refusé d’attaquer Boko Haram le mois dernier. Et, pendant les récentes attaques terroristes dans des villes frontières, quelque 600 soldats se seraient enfuis au Cameroun. L’armée a prétendu qu’il s’agissait d’une manœuvre tactique.
... et elle est accusée de graves violations des droits de l’Homme
Les forces de sécurité nigérianes et les milices du gouvernement sont depuis longtemps montrées du doigt pour leurs atteintes aux droits de l’Homme (et notamment pour des kidnappings, des exécutions sommaires et l’usage de la torture). Suite à l’offensive la plus récente contre Boko Haram, des preuves de la torture et de l’exécution de dizaines de civils accusés d’appartenir au groupe terroriste ont été dévoilées.
Le Nigéria est empêtré dans ses problèmes d’image
Selon un rapport du congrès américain, remis en juin, le gouvernement nigérian aurait payé plus de 1,2 million de dollars à une société de relations publiques basée à Washington afin d’influer sur la manière dont les médias traitent de l’enlèvement des jeunes filles. Quant au président nigérian, Goodluck Jonathan, il a été violemment critiqué pour l’usage, par sa campagne de réélection, du hashtag #BringBackGoodluck2015, provoquant la consternation de ceux qui cherchent toujours à faire libérer les otages.
Lire aussi:

The Leaf gets ruggedNissan beauty queen’s new edge
And as engineers relish a good challenge, Schellenberg’s gaze fell upon the least likely candidate for pickup conversion, Nissan’s Leaf electric car. He tasked Moulinet with creating the sketches that, with help from their team of tinkerers, would be come the crimson conversation piece you see here.
It is known around the tech centre campus as Sparky. To build it, the Arizona team married the bodywork and mechanical bits – including the 107-horsepower electric motor and under-floor lithium-ion battery pack – of a donor Leaf with the inner bed of Nissan’s Frontier compact pickup truck. They narrowed the bed by 10in and cut down the height by 4in, and finished the floor with varnished wooden slats for a retro touch.
Nissan Sparky. (Nissan USA)
Cockpit furnishings are standard Leaf fare, but the team ditched the rear seats and enclosed the cab with sheet metal (including a power window) from a junked full-size Titan pickup. The finished product is a charmer. The Leaf’s rakish shape, as it turns out, takes to pickup duty remarkably well; Sparky comes off as a sort of 21st Century riff on the old Subaru BRAT, and that’s no bad thing.
Of course, the car’s cheeky appeal begs an obvious question: should Nissan, whose management green-lighted such oddities as the Juke, the Cube and the Murano CrossCabriolet, push Sparky into production?
Cast your vote on our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

In declassified article  CIA official recalled his emotional response to the Sept. 11 attacksBy Dan Lamothe September 18 Follow @danlamothe
Michael J. Morell briefed President George W. Bush immediately after the terrorist attacks on Sept. 11, 2001. (Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP)
Among the dozens of declassified articles released by the Central Intelligence Agency  on Thursday is an emotional first-person account of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, as remembered by Michael J. Morell, a former top official in the spy agency who briefed President George W. Bush that day.
Morell recalls his day alongside Bush and other senior administration officials almost in minute-by-minute fashion, recounting the confusion as it became clear that U.S. airliners had been hijacked and crashed into the World Trade Center, the Pentagon and a field in Shanksville, Pa. The piece appeared in Studies in Intelligence , the CIA’s in-house publication.
The scene from within Air Force One after it took to the air with the president on board that day was surreal, Morell recalled:
One hundred yards off the tip of Air Force One’s wing was an F-15. The military aide whispered, ‘There is one off the other wing as well; they’re from the DC Air National Guard.’ The plane was so close we could see the pilot’s facial features. He seemed to be looking at us as well. In the distance below we could see the Pentagon, smoke rising from the northeast section of the building and lights of emergency vehicles flashing. It now seemed so long ago. Tears welled up in my eyes.
Morell said he cried after he was returned to his vehicle at CIA headquarters in Langley, Va. He returned home to his family, and reflected like many other Americans:
On the way to our bedroom, I went into each of my three children’s rooms. They were asleep, surrounded by stuffed animals. They looked as they did any other night, peaceful and content. I thought of the thousands of children who would never see their parents again. I kiss my three on their foreheads and said I loved them.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Poor ECB take-up a sign of eurozone woes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/35a56f5e-3f50-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China nappy brands absorb local demandChina’s nappy brands look to absorb local demand
By Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1d24a94e-3e07-11e4-b782-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xi Jinping gets ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhavanpicture  others
Xi Jinping flies back home
Chinese President Xi Jinping with wife Peng Liyuan at Air Force station just before their departure in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: Express photo by Renuka Puri)
Chinese President Xi Jinping with wife Peng Liyuan wave before their departure at Air Force station in New Delhi. (Source: Express photo by Renuka Puri)
Chinese President XI Jinping with wife Peng Liyuan are ready to fly back to China. (Source: Express photo by Renuka Puri)
Congress President Sonia Gandhi greets Chinese President Xi Jinping during a call-on in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi greets Chinese President Xi Jinping, as former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh looks on, in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Chinese President Xi Jinping started the New Delhi leg of his three-day visit to India with a ceremonial reception being accorded to him at the forecourt of Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday, a day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi unrolled a grand welcome for him on his home turf breaking from protocol, to set the stage for summit talks.
Chinese President Xi Jinping shakes hands with  N.R. Narayana Murthy during a banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Chinese President Xi Jinping shakes hands with industrialist Gautam Adani during a banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with Chinese President Xi Jinping during a banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi. (Source: PTI)
Chinese President Xi Jinping shakes hands with industrialist Gautam Adani during a banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee with Chinese President Xi Jinping during a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi shakes hands with Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan as Chinese President Xi Jinping looks on during a banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee shakes hands with Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan as Chinese President Xi Jinping looks on during a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee with Chinese President Xi Jinping and his wife Peng Liyuan during a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee shakes hands with Chinese President Xi Jinping during a meeting in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee and Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan look on as Chinese President Xi Jinping meeting with HRD Minister Smriti Irani during a banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
President Pranab Mukherjee and Chinese first lady Peng Liyuan look on as Chinese President Xi Jinping meeting with Foreign Minister Sushama Swaraj during a banquet at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Related

Scottish voters reject independenceResults of Scotland independence referendum: 'No' campaign victorious
By Euan McKirdy, Laura Smith-Spark and Nic Robertson, CNN
September 19, 2014 -- Updated 0550 GMT (1350 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
NEW: Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom
"No" camp wins majority of councils already declared
With majority of councils reporting, "No" lead unlikely to be overturned
The referendum will decide if Scotland remains part of the United Kingdom
Glasgow, Scotland (CNN) -- [Breaking news alert, 6:23 a.m. GMT (01:23 a.m. ET)]
Scotland will remain part of the United Kingdom -- along with England, Wales and Northern Ireland -- following a historic referendum vote. A majority of voters rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away and becoming an independent nation.
With 31 of 32 councils declared, the "No" campaign has won the referendum on Scottish independence.
Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond admitted defeat in Scotland's independence referendum Friday -- and urged the rest of Scotland to do the same.
In a televised statement, he thanked Scotland "for 1.6 million votes for Scottish independence."A turnout of 86% is one of the highest in the democratic world for any such vote, he said.
[Original story published at 12.37 p.m. ET]
Voters in Scotland made their choice Thursday -- remain part of the United Kingdom, or form their own independent nation. They chose to remain.
With 31 of 32 of councils reporting, the "No" campaign had garnered enough votes to secure their victory, and with it Scotland's continued place within the union.
The first councils to declare all went to the "No" campaign, as did the capital, Edinburgh, which voted overwhelmingly to stay in the union with 123,927 for "Yes" and 194,628 "No" votes. Argyll and Bute and Aberdeenshire also voted "No."
Glasgow delivered a solid win for the independence camp with 194,779 votes for "Yes," and 169,347 for "No," but lead was not big enough to overturn the "No" camp's overall majority so far, which maintains a 8% (54% to 46%) lead over pro-independence camp.
The majority of the early results have been going the anti-independence camp's way. The "No" campaign extended lead with Angus and East Dunbartonshire council results, alongside a landslide in Dumfries and Galloway. The oil-rich city of Aberdeen also strongly voted for the unionist camp.
The city of Dundee was the first big gain for the independence campaign, voting "Yes" with 53,620 votes for, 39,880 against.
The individual counts by local authorities are ultimately immaterial as it is the total number of votes countrywide that will determine the outcome.
Polls at more than 5,500 stations across all districts, from the remote highlands and islands to the big cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow, closed at 10 p.m. local time (5 p.m. ET). People still in line to vote at that time were allowed to cast ballots.
High turnout
The first districts to report turnout reported high participation -- well over 80% in most cases -- Mary Pitcaithly, chief counting officer, announced in Edinburgh.
Turnout in Glasgow, one of the Yes campaign's heartlands, was a relatively disappointing 75%.
More than 4.2 million people registered to vote on the question: "Should Scotland be an independent country?"
Decision day for Scotland
Expert: 'Yes' would humiliate Cameron
Scotland votes: See the TV ads
People opposed to Scottish independence celebrate the final results of a historic referendum Friday, September 19, in Edinburgh, Scotland. A majority of voters -- 55% to 45% -- rejected the possibility of Scotland breaking away from the United Kingdom and becoming an independent nation.
A supporter of an independent Scotland cries as referendum results are announced September 19 in Edinburgh.
A discarded "Yes" sticker lies on cobblestones along Edinburgh's Royal Mile on September 19.
Alistair Darling, leader of the pro-union "Better Together" campaign, addresses supporters in Glasgow, Scotland, after the announcement of the referendum's final results September 19.
Dejected independence supporters make their way home in Edinburgh on September 19.
Ballots cast against Scottish independence get stacked on a table as votes are counted in Edinburgh on September 19.
Ballot boxes are opened as counting begins Thursday, September 18, in Aberdeen, Scotland.
Ballot counting was tiring for staffers working through the night at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh.
Ballot papers are counted in Aberdeen after the polls closed on September 18.
Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond passes an pro-union campaigner in Ellon, Scotland, on September 18. Salmond, leader of the independence movement, later accepted defeat and urged supporters to do the same.
Campaigners on both sides of Scotland's independence referendum stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
A man walks to a polling station to cast his vote in Ballater, Scotland, on September 18.
Campaigners stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
People wait to cast ballots inside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
A voter arrives at a polling place September 18 in Edinburgh.
A pro-union campaigner distributes leaflets at a polling station in Glasgow on September 18.
Salmond talks with supporters September 18 in Turriff, Scotland.
A dog wearing a pro-independence bandana walks down a street September 18 in Glasgow.
Darling, second from left, stands with his wife, Maggie, outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
Salmond chats with reporters after casting his vote September 18 in Strichen, Scotland.
A pro-independence campaigner displays his message September 18 in Strichen.
Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown talks to pro-union campaigners outside a polling station in Queensferry, Scotland, on September 18.
A young voter leaves a polling station September 18 in Edinburgh.
Campaigners on both sides of the issue stand outside a polling station in Edinburgh on September 18.
Scotland votes

Alternative route to Mansarovar against religious sentiments: Harish RawatPrint
Press Trust of India | Dehradun | Posted: September 19, 2014 1:12 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 1:31 pm
Opposing the Indo-China pact on seeking an alternative route to Mansarovar through Nathula in Sikkim, Uttarakhand Chief Minister Harish Rawat on Friday said it goes against the religious sentiments of people across the country.
He also appealed to the five BJP MPs from Uttarakhand to take up the issue with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and convince him that seeking an alternative route for the pilgrimage would be tantamount to going against the sanctity of the traditional route and riding rough shod over the religious sentiments of people across the country.
“Agreement with China over an alternative route to Mansarovar through Nathula goes against religious sentiments of people throughout the country as it is not in keeping with the centuries-old scriptures which recognise only the traditional route for the pilgrimage passing through Uttarakhand,” Rawat said in a statement here.
Instead of seeking an alternative route to Mansarovar, it would be better to strengthen the infrastructure along the traditional one passing through Uttarakhand, he said.
Rawat had opposed the proposal for an alternative route to Mansarovar even when it was first made by Modi at the BRICS summit in July this year.
In a letter to Modi soon after the Summit, Rawat had said the traditional route going through Dharchula and Siyalekh in Uttarakhand is the only route recognised by the age old Hindu scriptures and any attempt to find another route would mean showing disrespect to scriptures like Manaskhand and the sentiments of Uttarakhandis, Rawat had said in the letter.
“The route going to Mansarovar through Uttarakhand via Chota Kailash and Om Parvat, though difficult, is the only traditionally acknowledged route which was taken by Rishi Permanand Ji Maharaj as many as 21 times to reach there.
“Even noted historian Rahul Sankrityayan preferred this difficult route rather than the one through Kathmandu in Nepal to reach Mansarovar and finding any other route via China will hurt the sentiments of people of Uttarakhand,” the Chief Minister had said.

Indian Muslims will live and die for India  says Prime Minister Narendra Modiafghanistan
('My understanding is that al…)
NEW DELHI: If organisations such as Al-Qaeda think Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are being delusional, Prime Minister Narendra Modi told CNN International in an interview ahead of his much-anticipated US visit, adding that the fight against such outfits represents a battle between humanity and inhumanity.
"My understanding is that they are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country. Indian Muslims will live for India. They will die for India. They will not want anything bad for India," Modi told CNN's Fareed Zakaria in an interview to be aired on Sunday night.
Modi's intervention comes at a time Opposition parties have accused BJP of reverting to a hardline Hindutva agenda. In western UP, some local BJP leaders have launched a campaign against alleged instances of 'Love Jihad' — a supposed plot by Muslim men to seduce and marry Hindu girls with the purpose of conversion. After BJP's victory in the May general elections, a number of leaders of the party and the Sangh Parivar, notably RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, have described India as a "Hindu" nation.
They have also spoken of a larger Hindu identity for all Indians, including Muslims and Christians.
Replying to a question on "frictions and difficulties" in Indo-US ties, Modi said he was confident of building a genuine strategic alliance with the US.
The PM emphasised that the relations between two countries should not be seen solely from the prism of ties between New Delhi and Washington DC. "America has absorbed people from around the world...and there is an Indian in every part of the world. This characterises both the societies. Indians and Americans have coexistence in their natural temperament," Modi said, adding that India and the US are bound together by history and culture." These ties will deepen further," he said.
While there have been ups and downs in the Indo-US relationship, ties have deepened in the first decade of this century, Modi said. "Now, yes, for sure, there have been ups and downs in our relationship in the last century. But from the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century, has witnessed a big change. Our ties have deepened. That is why India and the United States of America are bound together, by history and by culture. These ties will deepen further."
After assuming office on May 26, Modi's foreign policy has been notable for its focus on Asian countries, particularly Japan, and with India's neighbours. Chinese President Xi Jinping concluded a three-day visit on Friday, and Modi has already visited Nepal and Bhutan.
Reflecting further on the threat posed by terror outfits such as Al-Qaeda, the PM said while he did not wish to indulge in "psychological and religious analysis" on why Indian Muslims had largely stayed away from such groupings, the issue had to be framed as a battle between "humanity and inhumanity" which concerned all mankind. "It's a question of whether or not humanity should be defended in the world. Whether or not believers in humanity should unite. This is a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race. We have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity. Nothing else," Modi said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Over $1bn pulled from UK equity fundsOver $1bn pulled from UK equity funds
By Ralph Atkins
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bca21f4e-3fd6-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

In historic vote  Scots decide to remain with the UKUpdated: September 20, 2014 01:17 IST
Scots vote to stay in a united kingdom
Parvathi Menon
Tweet
People who voted against the Scottish independence referendum celebrate an early result at a 'No' campaign event at a hotel in Glasgow, Scotland, on Friday. Photo: AP
People who voted against the Scottish independence referendum celebrate an early result at a 'No' campaign event at a hotel in Glasgow, Scotland, on Friday. Photo: AP
An official checks ballot papers as counting continues in the Scottish Independence Referendum at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh, Scotland on Friday. Photo: AP
TOPICS
referendum and plebiscite
The margin of the ‘No’ camp’s victory has surprised both sides
With Scotland’s decisive rejection of the Independence option in the landmark referendum held on Thursday, the political focus in both Edinburgh and Westminster has shifted to the question of ‘devo max’ (maximum devolution) and the specifics of the devolution package that the leaders of the three main parties of the United Kingdom promised on the eve of the referendum.
The victory of the ‘No’ campaign, led by the two Labour leaders — the former Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Labour’s Alistair Darling – was anticipated by opinion polls. It is the extent of the ‘No’ camp’s victory, however, that has come as a surprise to both sides. The sound and fury of the last two weeks, dominated by the ‘Yes’ campaign, had sent politics and markets into a churn.
An unprecedented turnout of 84.59 per cent led the ‘Yes’ camp, which had in the last few weeks of the campaign mobilised a large number of voters to register, to believe that the new voters would vote their way. The results proved the opposite: the majority were simply not convinced of the merits of going it alone.
The ‘No’ campaign received 2.1 million votes or 55.3 per cent of the total votes cast; the ‘Yes’ side trailed with 1.8 million or 44.7 per cent of the votes.
The ‘Yes’ campaign, in fact, won only in four of 32 councils — the former Labour stronghold of Glasgow (53.49 per cent), Dundee City (57.35 percent), North Lanarkshire (51.07 per cent) and West Dunbartonshire (53.96 per cent).
First Minister Alex Salmond, the able political leader of the ‘Yes’ campaign, was magnanimous in defeat, thanking voters for pledging their support for his campaign, and called on the three main U.K. parties to “live up” to their promises of devolution. “I accept the verdict of the people and I call on all of Scotland to follow suit,” he said. “It is important to say that our referendum was an agreed and consented process and Scotland has by a majority decided not at this stage to become an independent country.”
He repeated his charge against Westminster of “scaremongering” and claimed that the “mass movement” created by the ‘Yes’ campaign had terrified the government. The max devo package has yet to be spelt out, and initial statements by Prime Minister David Cameron suggest that it has already created divisions.

Islamic State releases new video of British hostagePrint
In this still image taken from an undated video published on the Internet by Al-Furqan, the media arm of the Islamic State group militants, captive British journalist John Cantlie speaks into the camera on the first of what he says will be a series of lecture-like "programs" in which he says he will reveal "the truth" about the Islamic State group. The Arabic subtitle reads "I am a prisoner and that is something I will not deny." (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 19, 2014 3:47 pm
The Islamic State (IS) militant group has released a new video showing another British journalist who says he is being held hostage by the extremists.
In the video, the hostage who identifies himself as John Cantlie, is sitting behind a desk as he speaks to the camera. The hostage, dressed in orange, says he wanted “to convey some facts”.
Cantlie, who in 2012 escaped an earlier kidnapping in Syria, asks why he and others have been abandoned by the US and UK governments.
The IS, which now controls roughly a third of Syria and Iraq, has beheaded two US journalists and a British aid worker and has threatened to kill another British captive named Alan Henning.
No IS militants are seen in the video, which is titled “Lend Me Your Ears” and is addressed to the Western public.
“After two disastrous and hugely unpopular wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, why is it that our governments appear so keen to get involved in yet another unwinnable conflict?” he says.
The photojournalist also makes clear that he is under duress –- and that he does not know whether he will succeed in his attempt to avoid being murdered.
“Now I know what you are thinking, you are thinking: ‘He’s only doing this because he’s a prisoner. He’s got a gun at his head and he’s being forced to do this,’ right?” he says.
“Well it’s true I am a prisoner. That I cannot deny. But seeing as I have been abandoned by my government and my fate now lies in the hands of Islamic State I have nothing to lose.
Maybe I will live and maybe I will die, but I want to take this opportunity to convey some facts that you can verify.
Facts that if you contemplate might help preserving lives.” He also says this is the first of several of what he calls programmes in which he will explain the philosophy of IS.
The video featuring Cantlie has been released nearly a week after footage depicting the death of David Haines, the first British hostage to be killed.
It was in that video that the life of Henning, a 47-year-old taxi driver from Salford in northern continued…

France strikes Islamic State group s depot in IraqFrance strikes Islamic State group s depot in Iraq
BJP hijacks Shiv Sena slogan Jai Bhavani  JaiShivajiBJP President Amit Shah with Maharashtra BJP President Devendra Fadnavis and others at a public rally to mark cunclusion of Sangharsha Yatra of late Gopinath Munde's daughter Pankaja (L) at Paundi in Jamkhed Tehsil, Ahemadnagar, Maharashtra on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Pune | Posted: September 19, 2014 5:13 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 5:25 pm
The BJP virtually hijacked Shiv Sena’s slogan “Jai Bhavani, Jai Shivaji” at the workers’ rally addressed in Pune by party president Amit Shah, indicative of a political one-up-manship in the backdrop of an ongoing bitter tussle over sharing of seats for Maharashtra assembly polls.
State BJP President Devendra Fadnavis raised the slogan on Wednesday night concluding the public meeting, a practice usually associated with public rallies of Shiv Sena.
Fadnavis during his animated speech, also kept on referring to Chhatrapati Shivaji’s historical legacy asking party workers to emerge victorious under the leadership of Narendra Modi and with the blessings of the Maratha warrior king.
The party president who was given a ceremonial sword on the occasion also started his speech with tributes to Shivaji saying that it was from Pune that the Maratha king gave a clarion call for freedom from the then alien rulers.
Shah ended his address with a promise to give the administrative model of Shivaji to people of Maharashtra if BJP came to power.
Since it was not a joint rally of the saffron allies, the shouts of “Jai Bhavani, Jai Shivjai”, an almost patented Shiv Sena slogan given by Fadnavis even caught BJP workers by surprise although they speedily caught up with what appeared to be a well orchestrated strategy to galvanize the cadre and attract voters in an aggressive manner.
Also, posters and hoardings with images of only Modi and Shah have come up in parts of Mumbai. Interestingly, they don’t have mention or image of any Sena leader. One BJP hoarding has the following slogan: ‘We seek blessings of Chhatrapati Shivaji and will vote for Modi’.
The constant invoking of King Shivaji’s glory has been a pivotal passion that has historically kept Shiv Sainiks surcharged with Maharashtra pride by the late Sena chief Bal Thackeray.

Acer launches six new E Series laptops starting at Rs20 999Acer India has launched its new range of Aspire E series with six laptop models running Windows 8.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 5:03 pm | Updated: September 20, 2014 12:56 am
Acer India has launched its new range of Aspire E series notebooks. The new Aspire range has six models- ES1-511, E3-111, E5-511, E5-471, E5-571 and E5-571G. The Aspire E series notebook range starts from Rs. 20,999, rising to Rs.59,999 comes with Windows 8 and come with One-year International Travelers Warranty (ITW).
Available in 29.464cm (11.6 inch), 35.56cm (14 inch) and 39.624cms (15.6 inch) models, and boasts up to 7 hours of battery life.  Acer’s E5 series notebooks are powered by a 5000mAh 6-cell Lithium-ion battery pack and features M-DISC Ready optical drive.
Aspire E5-571/E5-571G/E5-471
The Aspire E5 Series notebooks come with Windows 8.1, up to 12 GB memory, 1TB hard disk, NVIDIA GeForce 800M series card and up to 4th Generation Intel Core i7 processor. The notebook is equipped with a Precision Touchpad (PTP) that supports six core Windows 8.1 TouchPad gestures.
All the 3 variants comes with a built-in optical drive and is one of the slimmest form factors in this size and product segment.
The Aspire E5-571 comes in two variants – graphics and non-graphics – and is available in five colours-  Titanium Silver, Midnight Black, Tiger’s Eye Brown, Sapphire Blue and Garnet Red. While the Aspire E5-471 notebook comes in 14-inch screen size that is available in Pearl White colour.
Aspire E5-511
The 15.6-inch Aspire E5-511 claims to provide up to 7 hours of battery life. The notebook is equipped with a Precision Touchpad (PTP) that supports six touchpad gestures: tap, two-finger tap, left edge swipe, right edge swipe, two finger scroll and pinch zoom.
The Aspire E5-511 is available in three stylish colours, Titanium Silver, Midnight Black, and Garnet Red.
Aspire E3-111
The Aspire E3-111 weighs 1.29 kg and comes with a maximum battery life of 5 hours. With up to 500 GB of storage space and Windows 8.1, the Aspire E3-111 features a distinctive FlowCurve and fan-less design. All the essential ports, including USB 3.0 and HDMI, are placed on the rear of the notebook, while frequently-used I/O connectors like audio jack, USB ports, and the SD card slot are placed on the left side for easy access. The Aspire E3-111 comes in two colors—Cool Silver and Rhodonite Pink.
Aspire ES1-511
Loaded with the full suite of Windows 8.1 productivity programs, the Aspire ES1-511 comes with Acer Finetip keyboard. The Aspire ES1-511 offers up to 500 GB of storage and features a Fibonacci Dot pattern design with up to 5.5 hours battery backup.

Wall Street could extend records as futures rise; Alibaba to debutWall St. ends at records on central bank action
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Ryan Vlastelica, Reuters
NASDAQ European Central Bank Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. Mario Draghi GameStop Corp.
By Ryan Vlastelica
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks closed higher on Friday, with major indexes notching a fifth straight weekly advance after China's central bank cut its benchmark interest rate and its euro zone peer announced asset purchases in efforts to boost each region's economy.
The gains were broad on a day when both the Dow and S&P 500 ended at closing records. All ten primary S&P 500 industry sectors ended the day higher, while 63 percent of stocks traded on the New York Stock Exchange closed in positive territory. About 50 percent of Nasdaq-listed names were higher on the day.
The People's Bank of China said it was cutting one-year benchmark lending rates for the first time in more than two years.
The move came after European Central Bank head Mario Draghi said "excessively low" inflation had to be raised quickly by whatever means necessary, rekindling expectations the ECB will move to stimulate the euro zone economy. The ECB said it started buying asset-backed securities to encourage banks to lend and revive the economy.
"It isn't the size of the moves but the shock value of the direction that is really lifting markets today," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia, which manages about $67 billion in assets. "This is a one-two punch for global growth."
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 88.94 points, or 0.5 percent, to 17,807.94, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 10.7 points, or 0.52 percent, to 2,063.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 11.10 points, or 0.24 percent, to 4,712.97.
Both the Dow and S&P ended at records. For the week, the Dow rose 1 percent, the S&P added 1.2 percent and the Nasdaq rose 0.5 percent. It was the fifth straight weekly advance for all three.
Gains in the Nasdaq were limited by declines in large-cap tech companies. Microsoft Corp  fell 1.5 percent to $47.97 while Netflix Inc  slid 2.1 percent to $360.28.
GameStop Corp  sank 13 percent to $37.86 a day after the video game retailer posted quarterly revenue and earnings well below expectations. The stock was the biggest decliner on the S&P 500.
The benchmark index's biggest gainers were Ross Stores  and Autodesk Inc , both of which rallied after results late Thursday. Ross jumped 7.3 percent to $89.27 while Autodesk was up 6.1 percent to $61.95.
NYSE advancers outnumbered decliners 2,029 to 1,039, for a 1.95-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,461 issues rose and 1,286 fell, for a 1.14-to-1 ratio.
The S&P 500 posted 96 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 111 new highs and 44 new lows.
About 6.5 billion shares traded on all U.S. platforms, according to BATS exchange data, above the month-to-date average of 6.35 billion.
(Editing by Nick Zieminski)

Fall in raw material costs to impact earnings of FMCG stocksFall in raw material costs to impact FMCG earnings
Malini Bhupta | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 10:36 PM IST
Contrary to expectations, consumer stocks have continued to do well, despite the rebalancing of portfolios and consequent sell-off by foreign portfolio investors. The CNX FMCG Index is up nine per cent over the past three months, while the National Stock Exchange’s Nifty is up 15 per cent in the same period.
The sector, which has seen a slowdown in demand, is benefiting from several tailwinds, say analysts. While rural markets are showing some signs of revival, the sharp fall in input prices is expected to shore up earnings.
Over the past few months, prices of agricultural commodities and oil derivatives have declined, which would have a positive impact on the gross margins of consumer staple companies. If the commodity index falls further, analysts expect the consumer companies to cut prices and do more promotions to lure consumers. While analysts fear this might lead to a heightened competition, the gains from lower input prices outweigh the risks at this point. In this scenario, Morgan Stanley envisages a revenue growth of four to six per cent and domestic earnings growth of 8-12 per cent over the next few quarters in its bear case analysis for the consumer staples that it tracks. In a bull run, the brokerage expects a domestic earnings growth to be strong at 25 per cent.
From a valuation point of view, analysts believe the stocks already have priced in these gains and, therefore, a further upside might be capped. Kotak Institutional Equities says, “The recent rally in stock prices of consumer staples suggests a large portion of the potential benefits from lower commodity prices is already in the stock prices.”
However, there is a contrarian view on valuation of consumer stocks, too. Consumer stocks have risen by a phenomenal 140 per cent over the last four years. While a large part of the increase in stock prices is driven by earnings, a portion of this is also driven by an expansion in their price/earnings (valuation) multiples. JM Financial suggests that on an average, three-fourth of the return has been earnings-led and the balance on account of PE-multiple expansion. On a weighted average basis, consumer stocks are trading at a 22 per cent premium to the five years average. And, if ITC is excluded from the list, then the sector is trading at a 34 per cent premium. While stocks that command a hefty premium face the risk of compression in their multiples, others like ITC might be safe.

Mallya should not continue on United Spirit...Vijay Mallya should not continue on United Spirits board, says IiAS
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 05.40PM IST
Tags:
diageo
(The firm has advised United…)
NEW DELHI: The continuation of Vijay Mallya, who has been declared a 'wilful defaulter', on United Spirits board would constrain the company from raising debt in the country, according to proxy advisory firm IiAS.
The firm has advised United Spirits Ltd's (USL) shareholders to vote against the proposal to re-appoint Mallya as director on the board.
Earlier this month, United Bank of India had declared Kingfisher Airlines, its promoter Vijay Mallya and three other directors as wilful defaulter citing alleged diversion of funds.
Kingfisher Airlines and directors declared as wilful defaulters would not be able to borrow from banks in the future. They would also lose director-level positions in companies and criminal proceeding could be initiated against them, if warranted, to recover the money.
"... until this matter (regarding wilful defaulter) is resolved, Vijay Mallya continuing on the board will constrain USL's ability to raise debt from the Indian financial system," IiAS (Institutional Investor Advisory Services) said in a report.
USL is a Diageo subsidiary and can access funds support from its parent company. However, this is not an optimum way of doing business, it added.
The annual general meeting of USL is scheduled for September 30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba is all of these companies rolled into oneAlibaba IPO
September 19, 2014
Alibaba’s initial public offering is likely to be the biggest the world has ever seen. The scale of the thing has led many to compare the huge Chinese company to familiar internet giants in the West, such as Amazon. But the company isn’t just the “Amazon of China”—it’s also the Dropbox, PayPal, Uber, Hulu, and more. Though Google has its fingers in a similarly high volume of pies, its enterprises, unlike Alibaba’s, are exclusively digital.
Alibaba’s distinct businesses resemble more than a dozen major Western companies, by our count—a phenomenon we’ve sketched out in the graphic below. In the text that follows, we unravel some of that complexity—and explain how Alibaba has expanded on its way to a historic IPO.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Following the ambitious vision of founder and chairman Jack Ma, Alibaba has been on an investment bender, snatching up stakes in everything from mobile platforms to brick-and-mortar shopping malls, wealth-management products, and cloud services. This strategy might look scattershot. But Alibaba—a bit like Amazon, the Western company to which it’s most often compared—has demonstrated a knack for dominating whatever sector it enters and for anticipating what consumers want before they know they want it.
E-commerce platforms
Alibaba’s e-commerce platforms have historically made up the core of its business. Alibaba Group got its start with Alibaba.com, a B2B (business-to-business) site launched in 1999, which links foreign companies to Chinese manufacturers. After becoming profitable in 2002, Alibaba.com listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2007 (Alibaba Group took Alibaba.com private in 2012 due to both  the group’s IPO plans and the  stock’s poor performance  in 2011).
Ma reinvested Alibaba.com’s profits in Taobao, a C2C (consumer-to-consumer) site that resembles eBay, which the company rolled out in 2003. The site proved wildly popular. To meet demand from businesses to sell their goods to consumers, Alibaba Group created Taobao Mall, which it spun off as its own domain, Tmall.com, in 2010. Within a year, Western brands like Gap and Ray-Ban had opened up storefronts on Tmall.
Both platforms are incredibly successful. For instance, on China’s Singles Day in November 2013—the equivalent of the US’s Cyber Monday—Tmall and Taobao customers spent $5.7 billion . While Alibaba makes money by charging Tmall vendors commission fees on transactions, its Taobao revenue comes from  charging merchants to advertise .
Digital media
Tap image to zoom
China’s largest video streaming site, Youku.
Tapping into Chinese social media is a critical part of Alibaba’s efforts to grow its e-commerce platforms. In 2013 it bought an 18% stake  in the microblog Weibo—China’s largest, now with over 129 million monthly active users and penetration in almost all of the country’s urban areas—from its parent, Sina. Following Weibo’s April public listing in New York , Alibaba’s stake was set to rise to 30% .
The deal makes sense particularly in China’s e-commerce market. Chinese shoppers are more likely than their US counterparts to follow brands online and  purchase items through social media . Alibaba is also making a play for China’s quickly growing demand for online streaming—some 450 million people, or  about 80% of the country’s internet users, watch television, movies and videos online. Alibaba recently shelled out $1.22 billion for a stake in the website Youku Tudou, the country’s largest online video platform—often compared to Youtube, which is banned in China. Other acquisitions include a controlling stake in ChinaVision Media Group , a television and film production company, and a 20% stake in Wasu Media , a Hangzhou-based online television firm.
Smartphones
Tap image to zoom
Alibaba’s messaging app in the middle between WhatsApp and WeChat.
Winning over the 500 million Chinese consumers who surf the web, shop, chat, invest, or play games primarily via their smartphones is arguably Alibaba’s most critical task. It faces competition from internet giant Tencent , whose widely used messaging app WeChat is already a platform for all of those functions. Alibaba’s answers to WeChat (and, to a degree, its US-based rival, WhatsApp) include messaging apps Laiwang and the California-based Tango, in which Alibaba has a  minority stake .
Beyond messaging, Alibaba wants to worm its way into every aspect of Chinese smartphone users’ daily habits, which are still forming. Alibaba offers an app for booking a taxi,  Kuaide Dache  (literally, “quickly get a taxi”); AutoNavi , a maps app; and a music-streaming site,  Xiami . Alibaba has also started to compete with Baidu, China’s leading search portal, by developing a search engine specifically for mobile, via a venture with UCWeb-browser , an already popular Chinese mobile browser.
Education
Alibaba Group joined Temasek and other prominent funds in February to invest $100 million in TutorGroup, an English-learning tutoring platform that connects students in China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan with more than 2,000 teachers in 30 countries. TutorGroup is now expanding beyond English-language tutoring and into 40 countries worldwide . It’s not clear how large Alibaba’s stake is.
Travel
Tap image to zoom
A photo from the travelogue 117go, one of Alibaba’s investments.
As domestic and international tourism has taken off in China, Alibaba launched a travel section of its marketplace, Taobao Travel, where travel operators offer flights, hotels, tours and other packages. The company has also invested in a Chinese portal, Qyer, for travel deals, and a travel journal app called 117go (like Instagram, but exclusively for travel). It has also led funding for a visa services company called ByeCity.
Retail logistics
As an e-commerce company, Alibaba needs to ship goods to far-flung corners of China with poor infrastructure. Late last year it bought a  $364 million stake in Chinese appliance and logistics company Haier. The deal establishes a joint venture with the Haier subsidiary Goodaymart, which has a network of 20,000 stores and distribution channels in some 2,800 Chinese counties that Alibaba can use.
In March, Alibaba also made its first foray into brick-and-mortar stores, buying a minority stake in the Chinese department store operator Intime. The goal is to build up “online-to-offline” shopping—a sector that accounted for only 1.2% of all e-commerce transactions last year. Intime will encourage customers to use QR codes and virtual prepaid cards offered by Alibaba to make purchases in its stores, while Alibaba will sell Intime products on Tmall.
Cloud services
Tap image to zoom
Alibaba’s cloud service, Aliyun.
Alibaba launched its cloud service in 2009 under the moniker Aliyun or Alicloud. Shortly after acquiring Dropbox-clone Kanbox , in September 2013, Alibaba announced plans to launch Aliyun worldwide starting this year, with hints that it will focus on the US and Southeast Asia . Alibaba is squaring off against Amazon Web Services, the current leader in rented cloud computing, which recently started expanding into China .
Going global
Though Alibaba has the corner on China’s rapidly growing e-retail sector, its ambitions are bigger. In September 2013, it launched Taobao in Singapore , which will serve as its Southeast Asia hub.
But there are signs that it also has its sights set on the US. Since the beginning of last year, Alibaba has been on a global shopping spree, buying stakes in a slew of US startups and launching 11 Main, a US online retail site, in February 2014. Its investments include 1stdibs , a luxury e-commerce site; Tango , a WeChat-like mobile messaging app; ShopRunner  (paywall), a storefront-based online shopping platform; Quixey , a mobile search company; Fanatics , a sports e-commerce company; and Lyft , a US ride-sharing app that’s one of the main competitors to Uber.
Share this:

Forex reserves dip by $1.61 bn  to $315.69 bnForex reserves dip by $1.61 bn  to $315.69 bn
Model concession agreement for PPP projects in Railways soonModel concession agreement for PPP projects in Railways soon
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 19:  
Indian Railways is all set to come out with a model concession agreement (MCA) for executing its projects under public-private-partnership (PPP) mode, Union Railways Minister D V Sadananda Gowda said here today.
“We are coming up with a model concession agreement (with regard to policies). We are getting it ready and it will come out within a month,” the minister told reporters after a review meeting with officials of South Central Railway (SCR).
Model concession agreement, is a framework of contract that sets the terms for incentives and targets for the private player.
On foreign direct investment in the railways, Gowda reiterated, “We will not entertain FDI in the operating part.
We will allow FDI only for creation of infrastructure and other developmental activities. Certainly, there will be no FDI in existing sector.”
“We may seek FDI only for operation of high speed rail and dedicated freight corridors. FDI entry will not be in other areas,” he said.
Asked about participation of foreign and local investors in railways, the Railway Minister said, “private sector players are coming in large way. We want to take railways to newer heights, without (private) investment it may not be possible for us at present.”
Reacting to a query on drop of passenger traffic, he said, “It (decline in passenger traffic) is of around two per cent not because of price hike but due to different reasons.
Withdrawal of ‘Izzat Pass’ is one of the reasons. It will not affect revenue. Passenger traffic will gear up in coming months.”
On setting up of a new railway zone in Andhra Pradesh as proposed in the AP Reorganisation Act—2014, in the aftermath of the bifurcation of the State, Gowda said Indian Railways has constituted a committee to examine the proposal.
“A committee has already been set up which is supposed to give a report before October 14 to the Railways. I am waiting for that report. Soon after getting it we will move ahead.
Certainly newly formed states will be given some preference,” he said.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Tata Docomo launches new broadband plans for BangaloreTata Docomo launches new broadband plans for Bangalore
Our Bureau
Bangalore Sept 19:  
Tata Docomo has launched new broadband plans for Bangalore.
It has introduced plans with speeds up to 100 Mbps and 200 GB data bundles, higher upload speeds with each plan which covers up to 5Mbps on 50 Mbps and above plans, games and Apple TV, according to a company statement.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

BHEL adopts a two-pronged strategy of focusing on EPCBHEL adopts a two-pronged strategy of focusing on EPC
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 05:30 PM IST
To address tough business conditions and pricing pressures, state-owned BHEL is focusing on EPC business besides working on ways to reduce overall costs.
Elaborating on the company's growth strategies, BHEL Chairman and Managing Director B Prasada Rao informed shareholders that "collaboration opportunities" are being explored in certain foreign countries to bolster export business.
"To address prevailing pricing pressures, BHEL is focusing on all-round cost reduction measures in different areas of operations through competitive buying, supply risk mitigation, IT application, operations improvement, and better employee productivity," he said.
Given the current business environment, especially in the power sector, Rao said the company has adopted a two-pronged strategy of focusing on EPC (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) business as well as enlarging its offerings.
The company is expanding its portfolio by adding Flue- Gas Desulphurisation (FGD), Water Management systems, Air Cooled Condenser, and other Balance of Plant (BoP) systems.
"Certain ongoing projects have got impacted as the Indian power sector continues to be besieged with issues relating to fund constraints, land acquisition, clearances and coal linkages.
"These testing times in recent few years have given BHEL the opportunity to consolidate its strengths, identify areas for future growth...," Rao said addressing shareholders' at the annual general meeting here.
Amid challenging business conditions, Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd (BHEL) saw its net profit nearly half to Rs 3,461 crore in the last fiscal.
In 2013-14, the company's outstanding order book was worth Rs 1,01,500 crore.
To increase revenues from industry segment, BHEL has initiated steps such as expanding presence in transportation (rail), solar and transmission business areas.
For business diversification, BHEL is pursuing capacity expansion (locos) and product development (765 & 1200 kV transformer), among others.
With regard to overseas avenues, the company would be looking to forge "opportunity-specific and market specific alliances to strengthen its presence as an EPC contractor in the international market.
For 2013-14 period, the company has declared a total dividend of Rs 693 crore.
"... As the economy is expected to move at pre-recession levels in near term, the capital expenditure cycle could kick off in a big way in the next few quarters. This will improve business environment and BHEL will benefit from emerging opportunities," Rao noted.

Pull of union proves too strongPull of union proves stronger than Scottish nationalist passion
By Jim Pickard, Chief Political Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3b160c18-3db7-11e4-b175-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Centre joins hands with Bill & Milinda Gates Foundation for universalsanitationPrint
Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu talks to Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 5:32 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 5:33 pm
With the objective of addressing sanitation related health concerns, the Urban Development Ministry and the Bill & Milinda Gates Foundation have agreed on a partnership to promote user friendly toilets to ensure universal sanitation in the country.
During a meeting with Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu here, Bill Gates enquired about the government’s sanitation initiatives.
Naidu apprised Gates about the government’s initiatives to ensure housing for all by 2022 and that ‘Swachchh Bharat Mission’ would be launched on October 2 this year, under which every household is to be enabled with toilet facility by 2019.
Naidu said that under the new housing initiative, every affordable house to be constructed in urban areas would be provided with toilet facilities. He said at present about 12 million urban households do not have toilet facilities.
Naidu said the government would like to benefit from the initiatives and experience of the Gates Foundation, since about three crore new houses are to be constructed in urban areas alone to address housing shortage, particularly for the economically weaker sections and low income groups.
He said Prime Minister Narendra Modi has accorded top priority to ensuring universal sanitation in the country.
Appreciating India’s focus on improving sanitation in the country, Gates said the Foundation’s core competency is research and technology promotion, and it would like to share them with the government. Gates stressed on promoting quality and user friendly toilets to ensure their proper use.
Further to the discussions, it has been agreed that the Ministry and the Gates Foundation would cooperate in four areas – innovative technology demonstration in respect of toilets and sewage management, promoting decentralised sewerage systems that enable disposal of sewage at habitation level rather than pooling of sewage, capacity building in sanitation sector, and promoting use of toilets.
Naidu has complimented Gates for his philanthropic initiatives seeking primarily to address basic needs of the people across the world. “Acquiring wealth through hard work and enterprise is noteworthy but serving humanity using it is nobler and you are a shining example in this regard,” Naidu told Gates.
Under Swachchh Bharat Mission to be launched on Oct 02,  every household is to be enabled with toilet facility by 2019.

Vijay Mallya shouldn t continue on USL board: IiASVijay Mallya shouldn t continue on USL board: IiAS
HCIL announces the "Longest Drive through Amazing India  with the Honda AmazeHCIL announces the "Longest Drive through Amazing India  with the Honda Amaze
BJP to send Sena a fresh proposal  wants talks on each seatBJP to send Sena a fresh proposal  wants talks on each seat
Xi s India visit has given  great boost  to ties: ChinaXi s India visit has given  great boost  to ties: China
Power Grid Corp board approves formation of JV with RINLPower Grid Corp board approves formation of JV with RINL
Aurionpro Solutions announces Integro to deploy SmartLender CLIMSAurionpro Solutions announces Integro to deploy SmartLender CLIMS
ING Vysya Bank makes changes in senior managementING Vysya Bank makes changes in senior management
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
South-based old private sector lender ING Vysya Bank announced changes in its senior management across retail banking, IT, audit and operations.
The bank appointed Ashok Rao B as Chief operating officer with effect from October 1, 2014, and Ambuj Chandna as Chief Distribution Officer in Retail Liabilities effective October 13, 2014, the bank said in a statement.
In addition, Sonalee Panda will be Chief marketing officer and Anantha Raman to be Chief Auditor.
Current Country head – Branch banking, Marketing and Private Client group, Brett Morgan and head of operations A Meenakshi will pursue opportunities outside the bank, the bank said.
Shailendra Bhandari, MD & CEO, said, “I am pleased to announce the changes in the leadership team. This is in line with the bank’s philosophy to groom internal talent. Keeping in mind our ambitious growth plans, we continue to develop our leadership pipeline with job rotation, stretch assignments and international exposure.”
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

`Steps to boost coastal shipping`Steps to boost coastal shipping’
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
A slew of steps are underway to promote coastal shipping including measures to tap global environment fund for creating additional capacities in the sector, said a senior government official.
“In the past some months the Ministry of Shipping has mounted a very aggressive policy enabling to end impasse in coastal shipping. There was a catch 22 situation with no demand and no vessels but quick decisions in policy issues in the current political environment have given a push to the sector,” Shipping Secretary Vishwapati Trivedi said.
Addressing a CII event, Trivedi said the Ministry has undertaken a slew of measures, including efforts to tap the World Bank—managed Global Environment Fund (GEF) to promote coastal shipping.
He said at present India occupies 17th slot in global shipping capacity in EXIM trade but efforts were on to enhance it and the Ministry planned to boost coastal shipping four—fold by 2020.
PSUs can take a lead role in boosting coastal shipping, Trivedi said, adding, transportation through waterways resulted in reducing transport cost to one—third of that of the freight movement by Railways.
The objective behind promoting coastal shipping is to decongest roads and reduce the overall transport cost.
India has a coastline over 7000 km long yet coastal shipping in the country is still in its infancy with a fleet of about 700 ships accounting for just about a million GT or 10 per cent of the total Indian tonnage.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Air India chalks out two-pronged strategy to up share in domestic skiesAir India chalks out two-pronged strategy to up share in domestic skies
Sharmistha Mukherjee | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 05:38 PM IST
State-owned Air India which is set to face increased competition from full service carriers Jet and soon to be launched Vistara in the coming months, has chalked out a dual-pronged strategy to increase its market share in domestic skies.
Air India will deploy 787 Dreamliners to draw in corporate travellers on domestic routes. Meanwhile, the 19 787 Dreamliners will be deployed for corporate travellers and A320s would be used for economy passengerss the airline is in the process of leasing would be utilised to add more capacity and services for economy class passengers.
Air India Chairman Rohit Nandan said: "We are looking at utilising the 787s more optimally by deploying them more on domestic routes. There are many airlines which use A380s for 2-3 hour flights now (it is meant to be used for long-haul flights of eight hours). World over the economics of operating an aircraft is important. If you use larger aircraft on short-haul routes, the engine wears off faster. As long as that is factored in while working out the route economics and you make money, its fine. Our route economics analysis takes into account the expenses incurred in maintenance of engines."
The airline currently operates the 787s only on two domestic routes from Delhi to Bangalore and Kolkata. AI's 787s have 256 seats each, 18 of the business class and 238 economy seats. The deployment of 787s on domestic routes would help the airline to improve yields.
According to industry estimates, business class seats typically account for 8-10% of the total domestic airline capacity but contribute 15-20% of its revenue. The average business class fare is three to six times that of an economy seat. In other words, it means 18 business class seats would give you the same revenue as at least 54 economy passengers. That obviously increases the average yield per passenger. This makes it a lucrative business proposition if leveraged effectively.
Nandan, however, clarified the airline in not looking at deploying the Dreamliners on domestic routes in response to competition, "We are not responding to competition we have been thinking of this for some time. The 787 on domestic routes will be a game changer and will appeal to corporate clientele. We will charge the same as others in business class and offer a better product. It will offer better service and this is our USP", he informed. While Vistara is going to operate A320s on domestic routes, Jet Airways operates Boeing 737s.
Additionally, Air India is also in the process of leasing 19 A320s to increase capacity for economy travel. "We will also intensify the use of A320s to other destinations. We have a whole network ready to be exploited. We could not do so earlier because of insufficient aircraft", added Nandan.
The 19 A320s being leased will replace a similar number of older aircraft the airline has in its fleet. However, the new aircraft to be flown in all-economy configuration will offer more capacity of 180 seats. The aircraft being phased out currently offer between 144 and 168 seats.
Nandan further said that the airline's prestige and acceptability has improved over the last three years and particularly after induction into Star Alliance. Currently, only five per cent of the airline's passengers come from the government sector. "The market has accepted us. Travellers are satisfied with us. We get only five per cent of our passengers from the government now, 95 per cent of our customers opt to fly with us voluntarily", he said.
Air India currently has 62 Airbus family aircraft (mix of A319s, A320s and A321s), used on domestic routes and some short haul routes. AI's domestic market share has fallen from 19.8% in January to 16.2% in August and the airline has not made additions to its fleet. It also has a shortage of Airbus A320 commanders.
At present Air India flies 16 Boeing 787s and flies these to Europe, Japan, Singapore and Dubai. It also uses them on two domestic routes, Delhi-Kolkata and Delhi-Bangalore. It has 27 Boeing 787s on order and is expecting three additional planes till March 2015. It is expected to use these to ply on other metro routes.
It has had some success and the 787s have helped it generate cash profits on some hitherto loss-making European routes. However, the planes have also been plagued by snags and glitches, leading to their frequent grounding and operational delays. Also, the airline has not been able to get desired loads on its new 787 routes, to Australia, Rome-Milan and Moscow.

Aptel rejects Tata Power s appeal against April 2013 compensatory tariff orderAptel rejects Tata Power's appeal against April 2013 compensatory tariff order
Premal Balan | Ahmedabad Sep 19, 2014 05:28 PM IST
Appellate Tribunal for Electricity (Aptel) has rejected an appeal of Coastal Gujarat Power Limited (CGPL), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tata Power Company Ltd, against the original April 2013 compensatory tariff order of the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC), for inordinate delay in filing appeal, lack of bonafide diligence.
The appellate body, while rejecting the company's application for condonation of delay in filing appeal against original order of April 2013, has severely criticised CGPL for being negligent in filing appeal after long period of time, 374 days. It also did not find company's explanation for delay in filing appeal valid in any manner.
Last year CGPL had petitioned CERC seeking relief on account of adverse impact of the unforeseen, uncontrollable and unprecedented escalation in the imported coal price. CERC on April 15, 2013 had allowed the CGPL to raise power tariffs from its 4,000-MW Mundra ultra mega power project in Gujarat, to compensate for an unexpected increase in coal cost. However, the central regulator had rejected CGPL's argument that the situation it was facing was due to the 'Change in Law' by the Government of Indonesia and 'Force Majeure'.
Aggrieved by the CERC order rendering certain negative findings with regard to the issues raised by the company, CGPL filed an appeal before Aptel in June this year. Along with the appeal the company had filed application to condone delay of 374 days in filing appeal against the original order.
"We are of the view that the Applicant (CGPL) was negligent throughout by their inaction and the lack of diligence and decided not to file the Appeal at the appropriate state. But, after a long time, now the Applicant (CGPL) decided to file the present Appeal along with the Application to condone the delay of 374 days without any valid explanation," the Aptel bench of Justice M Karpaga Vinayagam and Rakesh Nath stated in their order.
"We hold that the explanation offered by the Applicant (CGPL) for the inordinate delay not only suffers from lack of bona fide but also suffers from the lack of diligence," the bench added, dismissing the application to condone the delay and consequently rejecting the appeal against the April 2013 order of CERC.
The Aptel observed that though CGPL was aggrieved over the portion of the CERC order of April 2013 it did not exercise its right to file the appeal at that stage itself like other power procurers who exercised their rights by filing the appeal. "This clearly proves that the Appellant (CGPL) duly accepted the impugned order (of CERC) and proceeded with its implementation without taking any step to challenge the said order at the relevant time," the order stated.
An emailed query to Tata Power did not elicit any reply.
Last year CERC. while allowing compensatory tariff to CGPL and Adani Power, had asked the power procuring states to form a panel and decide on the quantum of compensation. CGPL had actively participated in the implementation of the order by appearing before the said Committee. The panel, which was headed by HDFC Bank Chairman Deepak Parekh, in its report, said the company should be allowed an increase of 45-55 paise tariff in its Mundra plant.
Base on the panel's report CERC had in February 2014 ruled power-generation companies be allowed to adjust the compensation arising out of the increasing cost of domestic fuel and rising dependence on costly imported fuel. Following this Aptel had on July 21 this year passed interim order allowing Tata Power and Adani Power to recover power dues from March 2013 on account of rise in imported fuel cost. However, the Tribunal said the companies will not recover any pre-March 2013 arrears.
The power distribution utilities of various states challenge Aptel's interim order in the Supreme Court in August. The Apex Court stayed the interim order on compensatory tariff, and asked the tribunal to finalise the matter expeditiously.

Cisco launches new firewall security solution for enterprisesCisco launches new firewall security solution for enterprises
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 05:24 PM IST
Networking solutions firm Cisco today launched a new firewall security solution that automatically assesses threats, correlates intelligence and optimises defence to protect the network of the enterprise.
This is the industry's first threat-focussed Next-Generation Firewall (NGFW) that integrates the features of application control, intrusion prevention systems and advanced malware protection from its Sourcefire acquisition, the company said.
"The number of attacks have grown at an unprecedented pace. There are challenges with traditional defence as they are often in boxes. Our solution changes this, taking a visibility-driven, threat-focused and platform-based approach," Cisco Managing Director (Security Sales APJC) Stephen Dane told reporters on a teleconference.
It delivers full contextual awareness of users, mobile devices and apps and provides users with dashboards and drill-down reports of discovered hosts, suspect applications, threats, and indicators of compromise for comprehensive visibility, he added.
"With continuous analysis, the solution provides detection, blocking, tracking, analysis, and remediation capabilities to protect against the full spectrum of attacks, known and unknown," Cisco Security Head Sales (India and SAARC) Pravin Srinivasan said.
He added that security budget as part of the IT spending by Indian firms is also on the rise as they want to stay prepared against the rising number of cyber attacks.
"Be it banking, telecom or IT, every vertical is investing in security. In fact as percentage of the IT budget, security spends have gone up from 1-2% a few years ago to as much as 5-10% in some cases," he said.
Srinivasan said even government is investing heavily as it looks to deliver e-governance services and carry out initiatives like smart city projects in a secure manner.

KKR invests in Chinese chicken producerKKR cooks up $400m investment in Chinese chicken producer
By Jennifer Hughes in Hong Kong and Henny Sender in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ddea062-2d1c-11e4-911b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fast food faces indigestion in ChinaFast food faces indigestion in China amid rapid expansion
By Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2a2adacc-29a4-11e4-baec-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Weak ECB loans demand paves way for QEWeak ECB loans demand paves way for ‘QE’
By Christopher Thompson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/89b404cc-3fee-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Warm weather cools John Lewis salesWarm weather cools sales at John Lewis
By Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8163b176-3fdc-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

You must moderate your expectations from equityMahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak    Last Updated: September 8, 2014  | 15:28 IST
Photo: Reuters
Mahesh Nayak
S. Naren*, Chief Investment Officer at ICICI Prudential AMC, has turned defensive and so when the BSE Sensex touched its all-time high crossing 27,200 levels last week, I called him to understand what next for the Indian equity market. To my surprise, he told me fixed income is the most attractive asset class. That was surprising coming from an avid lover of equities.
His reasoning was apt as his intention was clear that investors need to moderate their expectation of returns from the market. He felt the returns from here on would be moderate and in such circumstances regarding safety at the current levels, fixed income has a lower risk and decent return.
The Sensex has surged continuously and now it's in a zone which has not been explored till date so it would be an assumption that the market should correct on regular intervals or at least consolidate after regular intervals to continue its upward journey. More than the Narendra Modi impact, the market is rising on liquidity. Sentiment is positive and it could make the market run ahead of fundamentals. Until interest rates remain low in developed economies, FII money will continue to find its way into markets like India.
On September 4, the European Central Bank (ECB) cut rates to record lows and announced plans to combat low inflation in the region. The US Federal Reserve too is unlikely to raise rates in the near term.
Till the momentum continues, the market would remain firm. Even if there is a correction it will not be sharp. But that should not make investors complacent. With equities under-owned and other asset classes like gold underperforming, there is a high possibility that investors may rush into equities. Getting carried away is easy in today's market but investors should enter the market with guarded optimism as the rate of growth in stocks has come down.
Liquidity can push the markets upwards but for it to sustain India Inc will require to deliver impressive performance quarter after quarter. Meanwhile, in the current week the market will keep a close eye on the Supreme Court's verdict on September 9 in the coal allocation case. On Friday, September 12, the government will unveil July industrial production data and August consumer price index (CPI).
(*An earlier version of this story had incorrectly spelt Mr Naren's name. It has now been corrected.)

Made for India  Now Has a New MeaningApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
Bangalore: When General Electric engineers here wanted to develop a more affordable baby warmer for India's small, private hospitals, they initially replaced the fat, rubberized wheels standard on high-end models with smaller metal ones. They figured it was a quick, easy way to cut costs.
But the wheels failed the field test. They caught on the uneven floors in rural health centers, toppling baby and mattress to the floor. Luckily, the baby was a doll.
"You can't take a product and simply strip it down and replace expensive parts with cheaper ones," said Vikram Damodaran, director of health care innovations at Wipro GE Healthcare, which is based here. "It has to come from the ground up, with a lot of input from the people who might actually use it."
That is Lesson No. 1 in developing products for consumers who live on pennies a day in places like India.
For years, multinational companies had little interest in lower-end consumers, figuring no money was to be made. Now, they are increasingly attractive to all types of industries, from consumer product makers to technology businesses. Google just announced plans to sell a stripped-down, cheaper version of its Android phone in India.
A decade ago, C.K. Prahalad, a University of Michigan business professor, in his book "The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid," detailed the potential, contending that such households were every bit as discriminating and aspirational as their counterparts at the other end of the income spectrum.
Prahalad, now dead, estimated there were 4 billion such consumers in a market worth $13 trillion.
"People were saying, 'There's a fortune to be made. Let's go,'" said Mark B. Milstein, director of the Center for Sustainable Global Enterprise at Cornell University.
But many of the first efforts failed.
"There was not much thinking about what those consumers needed or wanted or how they might be different from consumers with more disposable income," Milstein said.
For years, Procter & Gamble tried to sell a water purification system - a small packet of powder that is mixed in water, which is then strained through a cloth. While it cost pennies, consumers had no idea how to use it. P&G decided educating consumers about the product would be too expensive, and the system, Pur, became a wholly philanthropic effort.
"A lot of times a product we take for granted may be wholly unknown to consumers in this market," Milstein said. "If a housewife has never used a water purification system before, she may ask herself why she needs it."
The challenges proved many. Distributing goods to the many tiny shops that serve poor Indian consumers, for instance, is vastly different from getting products into Wal-Mart or convenience stores that use technology and warehouses to manage inventory. The average Indian shopkeeper has no storage space and is lucky if he has a working calculator.
Companies often forget to consider whether consumers want or need a product with too many bells or whistles. A phone with a built-in camera, for example, makes little sense if a family does not have access to the Internet and cannot share photos.
Pricing, too, can be complicated.
"Where we might use 8 grams of tea to make four cups, a poor person will use it to make seven or eight cups," said D. Shivakumar, chief executive of PepsiCo's India business. "If you don't understand that, your projections for profits and losses will be way off."
Shivakumar said companies often focused too much on how little poor consumers had to spend and then developed products to fit that budget. Instead, he said, it is important to determine how to give them the sizzle at a price they can afford.
"They don't have a cash problem - they have a cash-flow problem," said Shivakumar, who ran Nokia's India, Middle East and Africa businesses before joining PepsiCo.
The cheapest version of Pureit, a water purification system, sells for $25, or as much as a month's income for a person living below the poverty line in India. Yet the product has been a success because the manufacturer, Hindustan Unilever, realized that it could join with nonprofit groups and microfinance institutions interested in water and sanitation to develop installment plans that would enable families to pay off their Pureit purchase over six months or so.
"It gives consumers the ability to pay for something they want and need at a price that is not high but is yet aspirational," said Yuri Jain, vice president for Hindustan Unilever's water business.
It took five years to get the product right. The device had to produce water that could meet the United States' Environmental Protection Agency standards. It had to work without electricity or water pressure. And it had to be as simple to use as possible.
Building off its success in the market, Unilever developed a more expensive version of Pureit to sell to well-heeled consumers in nine countries. The top of the line sells for roughly $340.
Many products are transcending their original markets and appealing to a more affluent consumer. PepsiCo, for instance, just began selling Kurkure, an inexpensive line of Indian-style snacks, in Canada and the Middle East. It is the first time the company has sold a purely Indian innovation outside India.
For Nokia, the trick was persuading component suppliers to cut prices.
"In order to do business in phones priced below $40, you have to have a scale that's powerful enough to negotiate component prices to match those prices," said Sami Ranta, vice president for affordable phones at Microsoft, which owns Nokia. "You also have to sell a lot of phones."
So was born the Nokia 105, the tiny mobile phone used by Rajesh Gupta, a taxi driver in Varanasi, and legions of other Indians living in slums. The phone, which Gupta bought for about $20, roughly a week's income for him, has a dust- and splash-proof keyboard, flashlight, alarm clock and FM radio.
The phone's battery charge lasts 35 days on standby and supports more than 12 hours of talk time, which means he usually needs to pay for a charge just once a month. Service is provided via a prepaid SIM card.
"I make more money because of this phone," Gupta said, explaining that foreign tourists can call him when they need him.
Now Nokia is selling the 105 in Austria, Britain, Denmark, Switzerland and other developed countries, as well as across Africa and Asia.
"Those phones are having more and more appeal as a secondary phone in big, advanced markets," Ranta said.
GE realized more than a decade ago that products devised for the Indian market might appeal to more developed markets, and planted the company's largest and first international research and development center here. The lab has 4,500 engineers, 1,600 of whom work on health care innovations.
"There has been a shift," said Shyam Rajan, chief technology officer at Wipro GE Healthcare. "Before, it was in India for India. Today, it is in India for the world."
The MAC 400, an electrocardiograph machine, was the first product GE moved from here to the rest of the world. About one-third the price of the company's higher-end EKG machines, it is battery-operated and portable. It also is made of parts that can be bought in local electric and home supply shops, rather than the proprietary components GE typically uses. Of the 15,000 Mac 400s that GE has sold, 60 percent were sold outside India.
The Lullaby baby warmer, now used in Europe, was built with feedback from Indian doctors and nurses in the field.
Engineers had to return to the drawing board repeatedly. A hand crank used on higher-end warmers to lift a baby's head, for instance, added cost and complexity. It was replaced by a simple plastic triangle that fits under the Lullaby's mattress.
The mattress is covered in Kevlar and sealed around the edges, replacing a more pliant covering that tore more easily. And last year, GE developed an LED device for the Lullaby that is more energy-efficient and whose operation costs a quarter of the amount required by the fluorescent bulbs used in most warmers.
"It will last longer than the metal in the frame," Rajan said.
Since the Lullaby was introduced in 2012, GE has sold close to 1,000 in India and some 3,000 internationally. And the company will soon unveil a new, low-cost PET/CT scanner called the Discovery IQ, which it hopes will address the severe shortage of such machines across India.
Is GE sacrificing sales of its Cadillac baby warmer, the Giraffe, to the Lullaby?
"It's better to cannibalize yourself than let someone else do so - and that was going to happen with these products," he said. "Anyway, the amount of market we created that was not there before more than makes up for it."
@ 2014 New York Times News Service
 

Don t Have 1 Lakh for DDA Flat Scheme Read ThisKisan Vikas Patra Relaunched: 10 Facts
The Delhi Development Authority's housing scheme for over 25,000 flats in the national capital presents a great opportunity for banks to earn some easy money. No wonder, most banks have rolled out schemes to finance Rs 1 lakh registration money necessary to apply for these flats.
The DDA has authorised 13 banks to sell application forms for its residential scheme. These banks are State Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, Syndicate Bank, Union Bank of India, IDBI Bank, Corporation Bank, Central Bank of India, Kotak Mahindra Bank, Axis Bank, IndusInd Bank, ICICI Bank, Yes Bank and HDFC Bank. Most of these lenders have come out with attracting finance schemes.
Here are 10 things to know about these finance schemes:
1) Private sector banks are charging more for financing the registration money needed to apply for a flat. ICICI Bank and Axis Bank are charging Rs 4,050 to finance Rs 1 lakh registration money.
2) Public sector banks are charging lower amount than their private sector peers. State Bank of India, the country's biggest lender, is charging Rs 3,550 for financing the Rs 1 lakh registration money. Punjab National Bank is charging Rs 3,800.
3) Some brokerages, such as SMC Global, are also offering finance for DDA's housing scheme. SMC Global has tied up with private lender Kotak Mahindra Bank for the finance scheme.
4) Documents needed for finance: Applicants may be asked for proof of residential address, PAN card, identity proof, photograph, post-dated cheque.
5) How it works: Once you deposit the finance money (say Rs 3,550 with SBI), the bank will furnish Rs 1 lakh (on your behalf) towards the registration money with DDA.
6) You don't need to have a savings account with a private sector bank to opt for the finance scheme. However, public sector banks may ask you to open a savings account before they extend a loan for the DDA scheme.
7) If you are successful in the draw, but do not want to buy the flat, you can surrender or cancel the flat. There is no penalty if the cancellation is done before the DDA issues a demand letter for the payment of your flat.
8) If a successful applicant (who has opted for finance) fails to repay the registration money to the bank, the lender can use the post-dated cheque to recover its money.
9) Should you opt for the finance scheme: Applicants should not choose the finance scheme if they can pay the registration money on their own. The DDA has promised to conduct the draw within three months of the closure of the scheme. Currently, banks offer 7.75-8 per cent for three-month deposits. So Rs 1 lakh deposit will earn an interest of around Rs 2,000 over three months. If you opt for the finance scheme, you will have to pay nearly double of the interest earned to banks.
10) The DDA will pay an interest of 8 per cent per annum if draw of lots is not held within three months. The interest will be paid for the period beyond three months after the closure of the scheme.
Story first published on: September 22, 2014 09:45 (IST)

Xi vows greater market access for Indian firmsXi pledges greater market access for domestic business in China
Agencies     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 18, 2014  | 15:27 IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi presents a bouquet to China's President Xi Jinping (L) before their meeting in Ahemedabad (Photo: Reuters)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday said he has been assured by Chinese President Xi Jinping that Indian companies and products - especially including those made by the pharmaceutical, farming and fuel industries - will be given greater access to Chinese markets, in a bid to bridge the yawning trade deficit between the two countries.
"I raised the issue of trade imbalance between the two countries. I urged President Xi to give our companies better market access and investment opportunities in China," Modi said after his bilateral talks in the national capital with the Chinese side.
"The Chinese President assured that he will take concrete steps in this regard."
Bilateral merchandise trade between India and China stood at $65.88 billion in 2013. While the country's exports to China were valued at $14.50 billion, its imports were much larger at $51.37 billion, resulting in a large trade deficit.
The prime minister, while delivering his statement before the media after the talks at Hyderabad House in the national capital, said India and China have much scope to increase economic cooperation, as it was way below the potential.
Modi said he was pleased with the signing of agreements between the two sides for two Chinese industrial parks in the country and Beijing's commitment to invest around $20 billion in India over the next five years.
"I invited Chinese investments in infrastructure and manufacturing sectors. I am glad that two Chinese industrial parks will be built in India."

Alibaba opens fortunes from Wall St to Chinese backwatersAlibaba Group
Alibaba opens fortunes from Wall St to Chinese backwaters
Baigou (CHINA) (AFP) - Chinese farmers are forgetting the fields and turning to online retail, making millions using platforms provided by retail giant Alibaba, whose impending IPO in the United States, is expected to be biggest ever, for any company.
Baigou (CHINA) (AFP) - Chinese farmers are forgetting the fields and turning to online retail, making millions using platforms provided by retail giant Alibaba, whose impending IPO in the United States, is expected to be biggest ever, for any company.
Baigou (CHINA) (AFP) - Chinese farmers are forgetting the fields and turning to online retail, making millions using platforms provided by retail giant Alibaba, whose impending IPO in the United States, is expected to be biggest ever, for any company.
This video is featured in these articles:

Mahindra Ties Up With Snapdeal for Pre-booking of ScorpioApple $450 Million E-book Settlement Gets Final Court Approval
New Delhi: Homegrown auto major Mahindra & Mahindra has tied up with Snapdeal for online pre-bookings of the company's upcoming new version of SUV Scorpio.
"We wanted to open pre-bookings for the new Scorpio a week ahead of the launch. So, apart from letting customers book at our showrooms, we also decided to add more to their convenience by allowing them to book online by tying up with Snapdeal," Mahindra & Mahindra senior vice-president (sales and customer care, automotive division) Vijay Nakra told PTI.
The new version of the company's sports utility vehicle Scorpio is being launched on September 25.
He said customers would have to complete formalities for purchase of the new Scorpio at its dealerships even if it is booked online.
As of now, the partnership would be restricted only to the week ahead of the launch.
"We will have to see how it pans out after the launch," he said when asked if the online booking would be continued in future too.
Snapdeal officials could not be reached for comments.
However, according to information available on its website, the booking amount will be Rs 20,000 and vehicle delivery will take four to six weeks after booking on Snapdeal.
While e-commerce has been growing fast in India and items like mobile phones are increasingly sold online, not many auto companies are exploring this avenue. In 2013, Nissan India had attempted to sell cars in India via online and make its entire product line-up available for purchase through Internet
Story first published on: September 18, 2014 22:03 (IST)

Greaves Cotton shuts TN facilityUpdated: September 18, 2014 23:35 IST
Greaves Cotton shuts TN facility
N. Anand
textile and clothing
Greaves Cotton has permanently closed the manufacturing operations at its construction equipment business plant at Gummidipoondi near here.
In a filing to the stock exchanges, Greaves Cotton said that the shut down was due to non-viability and to avoid incurring further losses.
Industry sources said that this division employed close to 200 people and it was incurring losses for quite sometime. The closure was in line with the company’s decision to either hive-off or close down loss-making units.
During August, the company had announced that it had suspended the operations due to challenging market conditions.
“Since the manufacturing operations have been permanently closed, the related assets will eventually be disposed off. Till date, the Company has neither negotiated nor signed any MoU with any party for disposing off the assets,” the note said.
At Gummidpoondi, Greaves Cotton was manufacturing the complete range of concrete equipment such as transit mixers, concrete pumps and batching plants, and compaction equipment such as vibratory soil compactors, heavy tandem rollers and light tandem rollers.
Greaves’ construction equipment was mainly used for construction of roads, bridges, buildings and ready mix concrete applications.
The annual report for 2013-14 said that the road construction segment had been on a recessionary trend since the financial year 2011-12, and the negative trend continued during the year too.

With calligraphy and grace  First Lady woos studentsPrint
China's first lady Peng Liyuan during a visit to the Tagore International School in New Delhi on Thursday. (Source: PTI)
Written by Liz Mathew | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 2:22 am | Updated: September 19, 2014 8:36 am
Ayushi, Swasti and Niyati expected a fashionably dressed and glamorous guest while nervously waiting in their dance costumes to receive Peng Liyuan, China’s First Lady. But when she entered, Peng surprised everyone.
If Michelle Obama danced her way into the hearts of children she met in India during her 2010 visit, Peng, dressed in a simple white top and green skirt, won the admiration of students of Tagore International School in Vasant Vihar with her grace, smile and simplicity. “She was at ease with everyone. We thought we would encounter a lady in a dazzling dress. After all, we knew that she used to be a pop star,” Ayushi said.
While the girls were impressed by her charm, Charanit and Kunak were excited about the fact that the First Lady kissed them on their cheeks. Radhika, another Class VI student, blushed as she said: “She told me I am a beautiful girl.”
At the school, Peng, accompanying her husband Chinese President Xi Jinping on his three-day visit to India, interacted with students who are learning Mandarin.
A singer who holds a Master’s degree in traditional ethnic music, Peng also watched the cultural performance by students and watched a live-conference session between students here and their counterparts in Jinyuan Senior High School, Shanghai.
The presentation was part of the distance learning programme of the school. Twice every week, teachers here give Kathak and yoga lessons to children there. The Chinese teachers reciprocate with lessons in calligraphy and Tai Chi, a Chinese martial art.
The First Lady, who started learning calligraphy at the age of five from her father, showed her skills to the children. She wrote: “It is important for all of us to keep learning and work hard to achieve the goal we have set in life.”
The dancers in the school presented Rabindranath Tagore’s famous poem, Where the mind is without fear, in Kathak, Kuchipudi and Bharatanatyam. “We welcomed her in Mandarin, sang a song and recited a poem. She was quite impressed by our pronunciation,” Prajwal Prakash, a student, said.
“She shook hands with all of us, hugged some and kissed two boys on the cheeks,” Aryam, a student, said.
The session, which lasted for over an hour, left teachers and principal Madhulika Sen proud and happy. “We are going to continue our work and efforts to strengthen ties between the two countries with more vigour,” Sen said.

Tata Group Shares Gain After Moody s Upgrades RatingsTata group shares gained after Moody's upgraded ratings across member companies. Tata Power was up 1.2 per cent, while Tata Steel gained 0.8 per cent.
Tata Chemicals advanced 1.3 per cent.
Moody's cited "expectation of parental and systemic support in the case of need."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Indiabulls Power Surges  Motilal Says 75% UpsideYou are here: Home Market
Indiabulls Power Surges, Motilal Says 75% Upside
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 10:44 (IST)
Indiabulls Power surged by maximum daily limit of 5 per cent. Motilal Oswal initiated coverage with a "buy" rating and target of Rs 21.
The brokerage cited capacity expansion and "compelling" valuations as key reasons.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Rupee trims initial gains  still up at 60.82 vs dollarRupee gains on foreign flows, but falls for the week
PTI  Mumbai, September 19, 2014
First Published: 10:19 IST(19/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:09 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
The Indian rupee rose for a fourth consecutive session on Friday, boosted by strong foreign fund flows into markets, although the local currency fell against the dollar for the week, in line with losses in other emerging Asian currencies.
Scotland's decision to stay in the United Kingdom also eased investor concerns on Friday after a recent run of global political obstacles.
Although the rupee hit a one-month low on Monday, it has steadily risen since then on optimism that hefty foreign fund flows will better help it weather any volatility related to potential US Federal Reserve rate hikes.
Foreign funds bought $484.65 million of government bonds on Thursday, the highest since a record high of $2.65 billion on August 21.
"While some assets may be over-valued, there is still a lot of space to go long on India. I see the rupee strengthening from here in the lead up to the RBI's policy review later this month," said Surendran AV, head of treasury at Dhanlaxmi Bank in Mumbai.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.81/82 per dollar, compared to its close of 60.83/84 on Thursday. Still, it was down 0.26% for the week on account of the big losses on Monday, posting a second consecutive weekly loss.
With few domestic factors next week, traders say foreign fund flows will determine the rupee's direction ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review on September 30.
Foreign funds have bought debt and equity worth nearly $3.61 billion so far in September, as per regulatory data, bringing their total for the year to $33.66 billion.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.14/19 while the three-month contract was at 61.63/73.

BSE to Take  Appropriate Action  on Sebi s Order in NMDC CaseSensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
Leading stock exchange BSE today said it will take "appropriate action" in the matter of market regulator Sebi censuring the bourse for allegedly flouting norms during the offer for sale (OFS) of state-owned NMDC.
"Currently, our team is studying the order and we will take appropriate action," BSE Managing Director and CEO Ashish Kumar Chauhan said at the sidelines of an Assocham event.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), last week, pulled up the BSE for failing to comply with prevailing norms for an OFS issue by NMDC in 2012.
The regulator also asked the exchange to appoint an independent consultant to review the sequence of events at the time of the OFS and suggest 'remedial' action.
The issue relates to BSE's decision to accept bids for 4.55 crore shares after the deadline.
On 12 December 2012, the promoters of NMDC had offered to sell 39.65 crore shares through the OFS mechanism of BSE and the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
After the closure of the share sale that day at 3.30 pm, Sebi had sought bid data from the two exchanges, to which BSE first stated that the final cumulative bids received at its platform were for 29.91 crore shares.
In another intimation to Sebi later that evening, BSE revised the figures upward by 4.55 crore shares to state that the final cumulative bids received by it were for 4.47 crore shares. Subsequently, Sebi sought clarification from BSE about the huge difference between the two figures.
The market watchdog alleged that even though bids were placed by the custodian Citibank NA within the cutoff time, the transfer of funds to the clearing corporation had taken place only at 5.09 pm on December 12, 2012, and the bids were confirmed between 6.22 pm and 6.31 pm.
According to norms, the placing of orders and funds on the exchange system in an OFS should take place during the trading hours only.
 

Relief for Global Markets as Scotland Stays PutYou are here: Home Market
Relief for Global Markets as Scotland Stays Put
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 15:27 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
British markets rallied and the rest of Europe followed suit on Friday as Scotland's decision to stay in the United Kingdom eased investors past the latest in a recent run of global political obstacles.
With almost all the votes in, the camp for Scotland to remain in the UK was ahead 55 per cent to 45 per cent, an outcome likely to bring relief to a number of countries in Europe, particularly Spain, which is facing similar secessionist pressures in Catalonia.
Sterling jumped to a two-week high against the dollar, a two-year peak against the euro, London's FTSE share index hit a two-week high and Spanish stocks and bonds as well as those in Ireland jumped.
Global stocks were already heading towards their fifth weekly gain in the last six. They have been boosted by further assurances this week that interest rates are likely to remain at record lows in many major economies.
Sentiment was also underpinned by news that Chinese internet giant Alibaba priced its IPO at $68 a share on Thursday, the top end of the expected range that raises $21.8 billion in one of the world's largest-ever stock offerings.
"I am happy today, risk is back on, everybody is happy today," said Geir Lode," Head of Global Equities for fund manager Hermes in London. "We have Scotland, Alibaba is huge, what could be better."
The pound's bounce against the dollar was not a large as some had predicted, hovering at $1.6469 as European trading settled. But it was stronger against other currencies, rising to a two-year high of 78.10 pence per euro and a six-year high of 180.70 yen.
The cheer spread to the rest of Europe's bourses. The euro zone's blue-chip Euro STOXX 50 index rose 0.7 per cent, while Germany's DAX and France's CAC both advanced by 0.6 per cent.
YEN FLOOR, NIKKEI ROAR
In Asia, MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan added about 0.2 per cent, supported by Wall Street's strong showing overnight after Alibaba's IPO bonanza, though the region was still on track for a weekly loss of about 1.4 percent.
Japan's Nikkei stock average ended up 1.6 per cent at a seven-year closing high, giving it a 2.3 per cent gain for the week. Shares got a tailwind from a weaker currency as the dollar pushed to a new six-year high of 109.46 yen and as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said he aims to carry out as soon as possible reform of the country's $1.2 trillion public fund.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Stocks rally as Scotland staysS&P 500 retreats from record high
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17efbb1a-3f9e-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CBI probe of chit fund scams puts the heat on Odisha journalistsCBI probe of chit fund scams puts the heat on Odisha journalists
Ramani Ranjan Mohapatra , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 19, 2014
First Published: 16:43 IST(19/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:51 IST(19/9/2014)
One of the reasons that inspired Saroj (name changed) to opt for a career in journalism against the stiff opposition by his family was his desire to work with big names in the industry.
Odisha Bhaskar owner-publisher Madhu Mohanty.
Little did he know that his ‘idols’ would one day be questioned for their alleged involvement in the multi-crore chit fund scams that have hit lakhs of depositors in general and the image of the media industry in particular.
Saroj now spends sleepless nights, worrying about his future, since the owner of the newspaper he is working with has been arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), the agency that is probing some tens of companies that include Kolkata-based Saradha Group, Odisha’s Seashore, Artha Tatwa and Swastik Multi-State Cooperative Society.
The CBI has so far nabbed scores of persons, including some top politicians and half-a-dozen media owners.
First among the owners to land in jail was Bikash Kumar Swain, who runs an Odia daily named Suryaprava. Swain reportedly had business transactions with chit fund firm Artha Tatwa Group, whose chief Pradip Sethi has also been arrested.
Like Swain, Odia TV news channel Kamyab’s owner Manoj Das and news daily Odisha Bhaskar’s owner and publisher Madhu Mohanty, who is also the secretary of Press Club of Odisha, both are accused of taking money from the Pradip Sethi group. They all have been sent to judicial custody.
With the owners behind bars, the employees of these organisations are concerned about their future.
“I am afraid whether the newspaper I am working with will stop running,” says Saroj.
Saroj’s concerns are not baseless.
Combo photo of the mastheads of Odia newspapers which are caught up in controversies.
In April 2013, thousands were left jobless after chit fund company Saradha-run media houses closed down. The owner of the Saradha Group, Sudipto Sen, is in jail for allegedly cheating lakhs of depositors of their hard-earned money.
In Odisha too, Odia daily Sarbasadharana, which reportedly had links with another chit fund company SLB Group, shut down last year.
“We did not get salary for months. So, we started leaving the organisation one by one. A month later, the newspaper closed down,” says Bikash Sahoo.
The 25-year-old now works with another Odia newspaper, and thanks god for giving him a chance that saved his career.
Seashore-run S TV, an Odia news channel, also closed down after the company came under scanner for chit fund scam the same year.
So, are the jobs of journalists at risk since the owners of some media organisations are behind bars and a few others under CBI scanner?
Bikash Kumar Swain, who runs the Odia daily Suryaprava.
“Of course, they are in for a trouble. When the owner of an organisation is arrested, it will definitely impact the employees,” says Soumya Ranjan Patnaik, who runs a couple of media houses.
He advises media owners to be careful if they want to venture into another profession at the same time.
Senior journalist Prashant Patnaik echoes Soumya Ranjan’s view.
“The possibility of media houses being shut cannot be ruled out. There are provisions in law that media organisers are equally responsible if they are found promoting chit fund companies,” says the veteran.
Will the arrests impact budding journalists?
“Yes, as the Odia media industry is very small. Plus, it will affect the aspirants,” says a lecturer with a media school, wishing anonymity.

Al Qaeda threat delusional  Indian Muslims will live and die for India  says PM ModiAl Qaeda would be delusional to think Indian Muslims will respond to its call to launch a jihad in the region, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said, praising the community’s love of the country.
 
"They are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country," Modi told CNN, which aired excerpts of his pre-recorded interview on Friday.
 
"If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India -- they will not want anything bad for India."
 
It was Modi's first reaction to al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri's announcement this month that the group would set up a new operation to wage jihad in South Asia, which has a large but traditionally moderate Muslim population. A few days later it claimed responsibility for the failed hijacking a Pakistani naval ship.
Read: Congress questions timing of Modi's statement on Indian Muslims
 
There have been relatively few reports of young Indian men leaving to fight Islamist causes abroad. Only recently four young men from Maharashtra were believed to have travelled to Iraq to fight for the Islamic State.
 
Modi said the threat from Islamist extremist groups was "a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race.
 
"We have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else," he added.
 
Modi's comments come amid a debate within his Bharatiya Janata Party about how to deal with religious minorities after an inflammatory by-election campaign drew the ire of rights activists and failed to win over voters.
 
Yogi Adityanath, the party’s star campaigner in the recent by-elections in Uttar Pradesh, has been accused of delivering inflammatory speeches against Muslims.
 
Ahead of a visit to meet US President Barack Obama later this week, Modi said ties between the United States and India, a Cold War ally of the Soviet Union, will continue to improve.
 
"From the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century we have witnessed a big change," Modi said.
 

Tourism ministry gives Rs 100 crore for Kashmir reliefSep 19, 2014 at 04:49pm IST
Tourism ministry gives Rs 100 crore for Kashmir relief
15
0
New Delhi: Minister of state for Culture and Tourism Shripad Yesso Naik on Friday said the ministry has given Rs 100 crore as a special assistance for reconstruction of damaged infrastructure in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir.
"We are the first ministry to allocate money to flood-affected Jammu and Kashmir. The money would be used for reconstruction of damaged hotels," said Naik at a conference highlighting the achievements of the ministry during his 100-day charge.
Parvez Dewan, tourism secretary returned from the valley on Thursday after making an assessment of the damage caused and actions to be taken to restore tourist activities in Srinagar that has been affected by floods.
Rs 100 crore given by the tourism ministry as a special assistance for reconstruction of damaged infrastructure in Jammu and Kashmir.
#kashmir relief #jammu and kashmir floods #tourism ministry #shripad yesso naik
"Government assets have been damaged, but it is the private-sector that has been worst affected by the floods. The private hotels and shops have been completely submerged," Dewan said.
Dewan assessed the situation and realised that water had entered some hotels up to the first floor. The blankets, carpets and important documents have been damaged.
"They have to be back in the business. We have to find ways to bring them (businessmen) back into action. We don't want to miss the Durga Puja rush," Dewan said.
He said "what has been miraculous" was that some houseboats were not damaged because they stayed afloat when the water level increased.
"Some have turned over, many have lost carpets and utensils. But we hope everything will be fine soon," he added.
1

Rupee Ends Higher at 60.81 on Foreign Flows  but Falls for the WeekYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends Higher at 60.81 on Foreign Flows, but Falls for the Week
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 17:44 (IST)
Dollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
Mumbai: The rupee rose for a fourth consecutive session on Friday, boosted by strong foreign fund flows into markets, although the local currency fell against the dollar for the week, in line with losses in other emerging Asian currencies.
Scotland's decision to stay in the United Kingdom also eased investor concerns on Friday after a recent run of global political obstacles.
Although the rupee hit a one-month low on Monday, it has steadily risen since then on optimism that hefty foreign fund flows will better help it weather any volatility related to potential US Federal Reserve rate hikes.
Foreign funds bought $484.65 million of government bonds on Thursday, the highest since a record high of $2.65 billion on August 21.
"While some assets may be over-valued, there is still a lot of space to go long on India. I see the rupee strengthening from here in the lead up to the RBI's policy review later this month," said Surendran AV, head of treasury at Dhanlaxmi Bank in Mumbai.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.81/82 per dollar, compared to its close of 60.83/84 on Thursday.
Still, it was down 0.26 per cent for the week on account of the big losses on Monday, posting a second consecutive weekly loss.
With few domestic factors next week, traders say foreign fund flows will determine the rupee's direction ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review on September 30.
Foreign funds have bought debt and equity worth nearly $3.61 billion so far in September, as per regulatory data, bringing their total for the year to $33.66 billion.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards PNDF, the one-month contract was at 61.14/19 while the three-month contract was at 61.63/73.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

New smartphone app can tell your state of mind; Meet StudentLifeappThe StudentLife app compares students' happiness, stress, depression and loneliness to their academic performance.
Tech Desk | Posted: September 19, 2014 6:05 pm
Your smartphone may tell if you are depressed, stressed or lonely, thanks to a first-of-its-kind app that automatically tracks users’ mental health, academic performance and behaviour.
The StudentLife app, which compares students’ happiness, stress, depression and loneliness to their academic performance, also may be used in the general population – for example, to monitor mental health, trigger intervention and improve productivity in workplace employees.
“The StudentLife app is able to continuously make mental health assessment 24/7, opening the way for a new form of assessment,” said Dartmouth College computer science Professor Andrew Campbell, the study’s senior author.
“This is a very important and exciting breakthrough,” said Campbell.
The researchers built an Android app that monitored readings from smartphone sensors carried by 48 students during a 10-week term to assess their mental health (depression, loneliness, stress), academic performance (grades across all their classes, term GPA and cumulative GPA) and behavioural trends.
They used computational method and machine learning algorithms on the phone to assess sensor data and make higher level inferences.
The app that ran on students’ phones automatically measured the following behaviours 24/7 without any user interaction: sleep duration, the number and duration of conversations per day, physical activity, where they were located and how long they stayed there, stress level, how good they felt about themselves, eating habits and more.
The researchers used a number of well known pre- and post-mental health surveys and spring and cumulative GPAs for evaluation of mental health and academic performance, respectively.
The results show that passive and automatic sensor data from the Android phones significantly correlated with the students’ mental health and their academic performance over the term.
The results open the door to your phone automatically knowing if you are depressed, stressed or lonely. It can also help predict student GPA, researchers said.
Coupled with intervention software, students can track their mental health and academic performance indicators with the goal of improving both.

BJP lauds Modi s  personal faith  in Muslims  says he has sent a tough message to al QaedaAnand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Always sacrificed to save alliance with Shiv Sena: BJP6
0
Mumbai: Rejecting the latest offer of 119 seats by the Shiv Sena (SS) for the Oct. 15 Maharashtra assembly elections, the Bharatiya Janata Party said it had always adopted a spirit of 'sacrifice' to save the saffron alliance in the past 25 years.
Simultaneously, in a mild softening of its stand, the state BJP said it has decided to send a fresh seat-sharing formula to the Sena before making any final move on the matter.
Senior BJP leader Sudhir Mungantiwar told media persons that the party's core committee meeting unanimously expressed its desire to continue the alliance with the Sena.
Rejecting the latest offer of 119 seats by the Shiv Sena (SS) for the Oct. 15 Maharashtra assembly elections, the Bharatiya Janata Party said it had always adopted a spirit of 'sacrifice' to save the saffron alliance in the past 25 years.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #shiv sena #bjp #amit shah
"We have always kept a large heart in the past to save the alliance. When Shiv Sena wanted to project Sharad Pawar as prime minister, we did not object. Similarly, when they decided to support the candidatures of Pratibha Patil and Pranab Mukherjee for President, we relented in the interest of our partnership and for the people of the state," Mungantiwar said.
Leader of Opposition in the assembly Eknath Khadse added that in the past few years, the BJP has given as many as six sitting seats in the Lok Sabha and one in the Rajya Sabha to the Shiv Sena, but in return it did not get "a single assembly seat".
"This time, we are talking about giving us seats which neither the Sena nor the BJP has ever won in all the past assembly elections. BJP will try to make inroads, failing which the Congress-NCP will get the advantage there," Khadse said.
The duo reiterated that the BJP was open to continuing the alliance, provided it was worked out with "dignity and respect" for both parties.
"Now, our workers are not interested in making any more sacrifices. We are prepared for a seat-sharing alliance with respect and dignity. We should get to contest the seats which the SS has never won in the past," he said.
Mungantiwar pointed out that of the total 48 Lok Sabha constituencies in the state, the BJP used to contest 32 and the Shiv Sena 16 in the past, which has now increased to 26 and 24 respectively.
"For us, the immediate priority is to defeat the Congress-NCP. Everything else, including who will be next chief minister and other issues, can follow," Mungantiwar said.
1

Nalanda University reopens after 800 years  Sushma Swaraj inauguratesSep 19, 2014 at  06:21pm IST
Nalanda University revived after 800 years, Sushma Swaraj inaugurates varsity
5
0
Patna: External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj on Friday inaugurated the revived Nalanda University, renowned as a centre for learning till it was burnt down 800 years ago by an invading Turkish army.
Swaraj said it was a matter of pride for her to inaugurate the academic session of the university after a gap of over 800 years.
"I am really upbeat that I got this opportunity...," she said at an event held in the Buddhist pilgrim town of Rajgir in Nalanda district, about 100 km from Patna.
Sushma Swaraj inaugurated the Nalanda University, renowned as a centre for learning till it was burnt down 800 years ago.
#nalanda university reopens #nalanda university #sushma swaraj #jitan ram manjhi
The university will be built in Rajgir, 12 km from where the ancient Nalanda University stood till the 12th century.
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi also accompanied her. Senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader and former deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi was also present.
However, former Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar, who played a major role in setting up the university, was not invited, university officials said.
According to the university Vice Chancellor Gopa Sabhrawal, ambassadors of Singapore, Thailand and representatives of other countries involved in setting up the university were present at the function.
Classes at the varsity started September 1 with 15 students and half-a-dozen faculty members.
The fully-residential university, to be completed by 2020, will have seven schools, all for post-graduate and doctoral students, offering courses in science, philosophy, spirituality and social sciences.
23

Jadavpur University students lift blockade  allow officials to enter varsitySep 19, 2014 at 04:59pm IST
Jadavpur University students lift blockade, allow officials to enter varsity
22
0
Kolkata: Agitating students at Jadavpur University have lifted the blockade allowing the Pro-Vice Chancellor Professor Siddhartha Datta and Registrar Pradip Ghosh to enter their offices. The move by the students came after the Pro-VC gave a statement to the media saying that he did not support police action inside campus.
The Pro-VC has has also assured the students that he will withdraw charges slapped against them. However, the students have said that they will continue their agitation against the alleged molestation of a student till the VC resigns.
"They had called the police that day inside the campus and we were beaten up. The VC has no right to remain in office anymore and he must immediately resign. If they have to enter the campus they have to walk over our bodies," the students had said.
The move by the students came after the Pro-VC gave a statement to the media saying that he did not support police action inside campus.
#pradip ghosh #jadavpur university #siddhartha datta #west bengal
On the intervening night of September 16 and 17, the students had gheraoed the university's VC, Registrar and other members of the Executive Council demanding a fresh probe panel on alleged sexual harassment of a girl student inside the campus in August.
The VC had said he feared for his life and called the police which freed him in the early hours of September 17 and also arrested 35 protesting students.
Many of the students alleged they were brutally beaten up by the police inside the campus.
8

FDC: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 19, 2014, 06.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
FDC: Updates on outcome of AGM
FDC has submitted a copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Seventy Fourth Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders of the Company held on August 09, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
FDC: Updates on outcome of AGM
FDC has submitted a copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Seventy Fourth Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders of the Company held on August 09, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
FDC Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the Seventy Fourth Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders of the Company held on August 09, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

T Spiritual World: Board meeting on Sept 25  2014Sep 19, 2014, 06.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
T Spiritual World: Board meeting on Sept 25, 2014
T Spiritual World has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014, inter alia, to discuss the reconstitution of the Board.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
T Spiritual World: Board meeting on Sept 25, 2014
T Spiritual World has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014, inter alia, to discuss the reconstitution of the Board.
Post your opinion here
 
T Spiritual World Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014, inter alia, to discuss the reconstitution of the Board.Source : BSE

ING Vysya Bank changes senior management teamING Vysya Bank changes senior management team
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept. 19:  
South-based old private sector lender ING Vysya Bank announced changes in its senior management across retail banking, IT, audit and operations.
The bank appointed Ashok Rao B as Chief Operating Officer with effect from October 1, 2014, and Ambuj Chandna as Chief Distribution Officer in Retail Liabilities effective October 13, 2014, the bank said in a statement.
In addition, Sonalee Panda will be Chief Marketing Officer and Anantha Raman to be Chief Auditor.
Current Country head – Branch banking, Marketing and Private client group, Brett Morgan and head of operations A Meenakshi will pursue opportunities outside the bank, the bank said.
Shailendra Bhandari, MD & CEO, said, “I am pleased to announce the changes in the leadership team. This is in line with the bank’s philosophy to groom internal talent. Keeping in mind our ambitious growth plans, we continue to develop our leadership pipeline with job rotation, stretch assignments and international exposure.”
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

White crow attracts good crowd in Vandalur zooWhite crow attracts good crowd in Vandalur zoo
PTI
Chennai, Sep 19:  
A severely injured and now rehabilitated rare white crow in the zoo here is attracting good crowd.
“The white crow had severe injuries including bites after infighting. It was rehabilitated in 15 days and was put on display yesterday,” Dr Thirumurugan, veterinarian, Arignar Anna Zoological Park, Vandalur said.
Stating that a white crow was very rare, he said the condition was due to lack of melanin, a pigment that provides natural colour, black in the case of crow.
“From yesterday, the white crow is on display. It has been attracting good crowd. Putting a white crow on display is a first for us,” Thirumurugan said.
Since the crow is of a different colour, other birds often mistake it to be a predator. It leads to fights and the differently coloured crow loses its “natural protection” from enemies, he said.
The natural protection from enemies comes from its usual black colour, he explained.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Aban Offshore plans refinancing debt for longer tenureHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Aban Offshore plans refinancing debt for longer tenure
PTI
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 19:  
Offshore drilling contractor Aban Offshore plans to strengthen its balance sheet by refinancing its debt for a longer tenure resulting in repayment capability and also for comfortable cash flows.
“The company intends to strengthen its balance sheet by refinancing debt for a longer tenure resulting in a comfortable interest cover,” the company said in its annual report.
The company refinanced its debt for a longer tenure of 15 years which aligned debt tenures with the long term nature of the company’s assets and reduced considerable stress on the company’s repayment capability and projected cash flows, it said.
Noting that the global rig market was marked by significantly higher demand for new rigs, the company said, “East Africa has emerged as one of the new global explorations witnessing a demand for oil rigs“.
“One of the interesting developments is that some new global exploration frontiers have emerged, widening the market for drilling and rig deployment. East Africa is one such destination where there has been an increase in demand for oil rigs...,” it said.
The company reported a 102.74 per cent increase in its profit after tax from Rs 193.87 crore for the period ending March 31, 2013 to Rs 393.06 crore for March 31, 2014.
Attributing the increase in profit after tax to some of its decisive initiative, the company said, “even as the external currency environment remained volatile, the company also converted its loans into dollar denomination, progressively emerging as a currency—neutral corporate with revenues also in dollar denomination”.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Air Seychelles to operate direct flights to MumbaiAir Seychelles to operate direct flights to Mumbai
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
Air Seychelles, in which gulf carrier Etihad holds 40 per cent stake, announced here today that it will launch direct flight services to Mumbai from December, making its foray into the Indian aviation space.
The Seychelles national carrier will operate three flights a week on the Seychelles-Mumbai route from December 2, subject to regulatory clearances, the airline said in a release.
“We are thrilled to launch flights to Mumbai. As one of the largest, fastest-growing, and most exciting travel markets in the world, India represents a considerable opportunity for Air Seychelles,” Air Seychelles chief executive Manoj Papa said in the release.
The addition of Mumbai in the airline’s network is a direct result of is strategic partnership with Etihad Airways, and how it has together worked to increase travel options for the Indian customers, the release added.
The new Mumbai schedule has been purposely designed to offer business and leisure travellers from India convenient and direct access to the Seychelles islands, it said, adding that, Air Seychelles will be able to tap into the expertise of Etihad Airways in areas such as sales and marketing in India.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

BPCL gears up for competition in fuel retail arenaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
BPCL gears up for competition in fuel retail arena
Murali Gopalan
S Varadarajan, CMD, BPCL
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
Bharat Petroleum Corporation is confident of holding its own in the fuel retailing arena once private players like Reliance Industries make a comeback.
“We are fully geared to meet future challenges and are confident of surpassing targets and market expectations,” Chairman and Managing Director, S Varadarajan, said at a press meet here on Thursday evening.
For the first time in over six years, diesel prices are at par with market levels which could prompt the Government to officially declare this a deregulated fuel. This has largely been achieved thanks to the monthly price hikes of 50 paise since January last year coupled with the rapid fall in global crude prices to less than $100/barrel.
As a result, there could be a respite from the 50 paise hike for some months considering the subsidy element in diesel has been completely wiped out. Public sector oil companies are, on the contrary, making profits of 35 paise per litre on diesel though this could be a temporary phase given the uncertainty in world markets.
This could also be the ideal time for the Government to free diesel prices which will prompt players like Reliance to re-enter the retail space after many years. “We do expect private players to come back and are all for excitement and competition,” Varadarajan said.
BPCL’s confidence stems from the fact that it has got closer to its customers thanks to a host of retail initiatives. Today, its throughput per outlet (it has over 12,500 across the country with plans to add more) is at least 20 per cent higher than competition.
Over the next four years, the company will be spending close to Rs 45,000 crore for various projects in refining, marketing and exploration. This will include capacity expansion at its Kochi refinery from 9.5 million tonnes to 15.5 mt which will involve an outlay of Rs 16,500 crore.
The Bina refinery will, likewise, see Rs 2,900 crore spent on increasing capacity from 6-8 mt. BPCL is exploring the option of an initial public offering for the Bina refinery (a joint venture with Oman Oil) after kicking off this low-cost expansion next year.
According to Varadarajan, a feasibility study is also underway to expand the Numaligarh refinery’s capacity from 3-9 mt. This will include laying a crude pipeline from the east coast to the facility in Assam.
Products will be evacuated through an existing network pipeline to eastern Uttar Pradesh while neighbouring countries like Bangladesh could also be considered as auto fuel markets. This expansion will cost at least Rs 15,000 crore and will be viable only if there is Government support that generally extends to projects in the Northeast.
In the upstream space, BPCL will look at forking out close to $2 billion (Rs 12,000 crore) for work on blocks in Mozambique and Brazil in the coming years.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Tech Mahindra aims to clock $5 b revenues by FY17Tech Mahindra aims to clock $5 b revenues by FY’17
PTI
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 19:  
Tech Mahindra, India’s fifth largest software services exporter, is on track to become a $5 billion company by fiscal 2017, a top company executive said today.
“So far as the business is concerned, it is good. Outlook is positive. It is not only for us, it is for the industry also. That’s a good sign. Let’s hope (we achieve $5 billion revenue goal).
“By the grace of God... we should be heading to that number. By 2016-17, there is a possibility that we will achieve our stated objective,” Tech Mahindra Executive Vice-Chairman Vineet Nayyar told reporters on the margins of an event here.
The company crossed $3 billion in revenues by the end of 2013-14 (from $2.6 billion in 2012-13) with nearly $500 million profit after tax.
On the current deal pipeline, he said the infotech major bagged large contracts which helped it clock $3 billion revenues last fiscal.
“We have been doing big deals. To reach $3 billion (in FY14) was not easy. Reaching $4 billion or $5 billion will be tough. But let’s see we will achieve.”
Nayyar was here to participate in an industry-academia interface programme organised at an engineering institute established by Mahindra Group and Ecole Centrale of Paris.
Asked about the cases filed against the company for the acts committed by promoters of scam-hit Satyam Computer prior to its acquisition by Tech Mahindra, Nayyar said they are in touch with the government and expect positive outcome.
“We are always in continuous dialogue with the government. If the government sees the way we see it, then hopefully there will be a solution. We are quite confident that the government does not have a legal case (against us) and we will contest it (if there is any).”
The cases filed by agencies such as Enforcement Directorate and Income Tax against Satyam Computer, arising out of the 2009 accounting fraud at the erstwhile firm, continue to haunt the IT major.
Mahindra Group took over Satyam Computer after a multi-billion dollar corporate fraud, committed by its founding—Chairman B Ramalinga Raju, came to light. Tech Mahindra still faces some of the legal cases linked to the scam.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Michael M. Bechtel and Kenneth F. ScheveA look at how our rising stars rose -- or fell -- in 2014.
Nov 19, 2014
Americans views of their own financial condition is still unchanged from the recession.
Nov 19, 2014
In Nevada, more than one in six students has at least one parent who is an illegal immigrant.
Nov 19, 2014
After financially abandoning the three-term senator in her runoff campaign to hold on to her seat, Democrats have now abandoned her in spirit, too.
Nov 18, 2014
The Fix's Aaron Blake discusses the latest in politics and campaigns live with readers.
Nov 18, 2014
Load More
About
Aaron Blake covers national politics and writes regularly for The Fix. A Minnesota native and summa cum laude graduate of the University of Minnesota, Aaron has also written about politics for the Minneapolis Star-Tribune and The Hill newspaper. Aaron and his wife, Danielle, live in Annandale, Virginia.
Most Read

Eleven Jinping  costs DD newsreader her jobEYE BROWSE
'Eleven Jinping' costs DD anchor her job
The newsreader mispronounced Chinese President Xi Jinping's name as 'Eleven' Jinping, mistaking the first name to be the roman letter '11'.
Yahoo India –  Fri 19 Sep, 2014
Print
NEW DELHI: What's in a name? you might well ask. Well, a lot.
Especially, if you are a Doordarshan newsreader who has to bid goodbye to her job for mispronouncing Chinese President Xi Jinping's name.
The newsreader mispronounced Xi Jinping's name as 'Eleven' Jinping, mistaking the first name to be the roman letter '11'.
The embarrassing faux pass occurred while reading a news bulletin on Thursday evening, The Indian Express reported.
 
The regular, experienced newsreaders generally don't prefer working late night, when the casual newsreader committed the mistake.
 
Quatrz meanwhile quoted a senior Doordarshan official as confirming that the newsreader had indeed been let go of.
Here is how to spell the Chinese President's name correctly:
Recommend

India s forex reserves dip US$ 1.62 billion in the week ended 12 September 2014India s forex reserves dip US$ 1.62 billion in the week ended 12 September 2014
Foodgrain production to fall 7% amid poor monsoon rainsFoodgrain production to fall 7% amid poor monsoon rains
CBI to probe Chidambaram s FIPB nod in Aircel-Maxis dealCBI to probe Chidambaram s FIPB nod in Aircel-Maxis deal
World Bank rates Punjab s PRWSS project best in countryWorld Bank rates Punjab s PRWSS project best in country
As Xi leaves Delhi  traffic returns to normalAs Xi leaves Delhi  traffic returns to normal
Centre calls for positive list of items from heavy equipment sectorCentre calls for positive list of items from heavy equipment sector
Our Bureau
Moots to revise FTA with trade partner nations to promote electrical equipment industry
Ahmedabad, Sept 19:  
Even as India’s power equipment industry is faced with challenges including the competition from Chinese players, government is mulling changes in policies to encourage fresh investments in heavy equipment sector including electrical and electronics industry in the country, informed senior government official here on Friday.
Eyeing underutilization of capacities for Indian heavy electrical equipment makers, the government is all set to revise the free trade agreements (FTAs) with trade partner nations to promote export of Indian equipments. In order to facilitate smooth revision of the FTAs, the government has also urged the industry to come up with a positive list of equipments, for which they can easily compete with the foreign players, top government official said.
At the fifth CII - Gujarat Manufacturing Show 2014 held in Ahmedabad, K K Tiwari, industrial advisor, Ministry of Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises, Government of India expressed the need to encourage exports of electrical equipments from India.
“There is a need to focus more on exports if the electrical equipment industry wants to survive and compete in the global market,” said Tiwari. India currently exports about US $ 5 billion worth of electrical equipment, where as the imports are worth US $ 15 billion, which is expected to increase to US $ 23 billion by 2022. The government has set the target to match exports with imports by 2022.
Tiwari noted that for the first time in past decade, the industry witnessed negative growth of 7.8 per cent in 2012-13. Rate of capacity utilization stood at 70 per cent. “Demand is low and stocks are high. This would change once our exports pick up,” said Tiwari.
Under the Central government’s Mission Plan for 2022 for this industry, electrical equipment production is expected to increase to US $ 100 billion (around Rs 6 lakh crore) by 2022 from the current US $ 35 billion (approx Rs 2.10 lakh crore) in 2011-12 by balancing exports and imports.
Commenting on the growth prospects of power equipment industry in India S K Negi, MD, Gujarat Energy Transmission Company Ltd (GETCO), maintained that economy of scale was necessary to be globally competitive. “To gain competitiveness in international and domestic market, the industry needs to adopt practice of global sourcing wherein cheaper raw material, best manpower and technology and efficient automation system should be sourced from all over the world.”
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Coca-Cola launches Coke ZeroCoca-Cola launches Coke Zero
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 20, 2014 12:41 AM IST
Coca-Cola on Friday expanded its product portfolio in India with the launch of sugar-free soft drink Coca-Cola Zero. It is being sold exclusively on Amazon.in for two weeks. The product got 1,700 online bookings in four hours on Friday.
The brand is now available in all the top six markets of the company, the others being the US, Mexico, China, Brazil and Japan.
Venkatesh Kini, president, Coca-Cola India and South West Asia, said, "As we move towards the halfway mark of the decade, it is important we add offerings to our portfolio even as we nurture the existing brands.” After October 5, Coca-Cola Zero will be available across the top 100 towns in India in 180,000 outlets.
Initially, the new product will be available in modern retail outlets, starting with Reliance Retail chain. Besides, it would be first made available to various partners like low cost carrier IndiGo, quick service restaurant chain Subway and INOX Leisure.
When asked the impact of the excise duty hike on the company, Kini said: "...Excise duty hike was a disappointment. We have not increased prices of Rs 10 glass bottles, but to cover up the cost, prices on some PET bottles have been increased by 4-10 per cent. The process has been on for 3-4 months".
He added that the company remains committed towards the $ 5 billion investment in India till 2020. "We are happy to say that we are on track for that (investment)," he added.
Kini said the company is committed towards expanding its bottling facility in Uttar Pradesh. : "We remain committed towards the state. We have 11 plants in Uttar Pradesh and we are working with the UP government to locate a new location for the bottling unit". Last month, Hindustan Coca Cola Beverages, had said it would shelve the plan to expand its bottling plant at Varanasi citing "inordinate delay" in receiving clearance for the project from Central Ground Water Authority (CGWA).
In 2012, the Atlanta-based beverages giant, along with its partners, had announced to more than double investments in India to $ 5 billion (about Rs 28,000 crore) by 2020.

Odisha discoms incur Rs 514-cr loss in 2013-14Odisha discoms incur Rs 514 cr loss in 2013-14
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Sep 19, 2014 08:20 PM IST
The four electricity distribution companies (discoms) operating in Odisha have incurred losses of Rs 514 crore in 2013-14.
Of the four discoms- Central Electricity Supply Utility of Odisha (Cesu) is managed by state power regulator Odisha Electricity Regulatory Commission (OERC) while the other three — North Eastern Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Nesco), Western Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Wesco) and Southern Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Southco) are controlled by Reliance Infrastructure.
As per provisional figures, Cesu has incurred the highest loss at Rs 215 crore followed by Nesco (Rs 132 crore), Southco (Rs 93 crore) and Wesco (Rs 75 crore).
The cumulative losses of the four discoms have swelled to Rs 6,699 crore from 2000-01 to 2013-14.
The financial losses of discoms are attributed to non-revision in tariff for nine consecutive years (2001-2009) and inadequate hike thereafter, lack of investment in infrastructure and steep AT&C (aggregate technical & commercial) losses touching 40 per cent. Other than their monthly power purchase and salary expenses, the discoms are unable to meet their investment requirement. The assets of Wesco, Nesco and Southco are hypothecated to state owned bulk power purchaser Gridco.
The high distribution losses are due to outdated and fragile distribution network, huge extension of LT (low tension) network and addition of RE (rural electrification) consumers in Rajeev Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yoajana (RGGVY) and Biju Gram Jyoti Yojana (BGGY).
To arrest the high AT&C loss, the state government has launched the capital expenditure (Capex) scheme with an outlay of Rs 2,400 crore. The scheme aims at slashing AT&C loss by three per cent each year. One per cent reduction in AT&C loss would fetch around Rs 80 crore.
Out of the total expenditure of Rs 2,400 crore, the state government was to provide Rs 1,200 crore while the four discoms would mobilise Rs 1,200 crore by way of counterpart funding.
Assistance under the Restructured Accelerated Power Development and Reform Programme (R-APDRP) is also expected to trim the AT&C losses. The state government has sought Rs 1,000 crore assistance under the scheme including Rs 200 crore for Cesu and Rs 800 crore for Nesco, Southco and Wesco.
R-APDRP is aimed at upgrading the sub-transmission and distribution network, including energy accounting and metering in the urban areas having population of more than 30,000.

Kotak AMC buys PineBridge Mutual FundKotak AMC buys PineBridge MF
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 20, 2014 12:40 AM IST
Kotak Mahindra Asset Management Company, the country’s ninth biggest fund house in terms of assets, has acquired the local schemes of PineBridge Mutual Fund, for an undisclosed sum, subject to regulatory approvals.
PineBridge MF had assets under management (AUM) of only Rs 660 crore. The deal marks a third exit of a foreign fund house in less than a year and underscores the challenging conditions for smaller entities.
In the previous nine months, Morgan Stanley sold its domestic MF business to HDFC AMC and ING MF was acquired by Birla Sun Life AMC.
The Kotak deal size couldn’t be ascertained but those in the sector said the transaction value would be lower than recent acquisitions, struck at four to six per cent of the total asset size of the fund house.
“We have an appetite for further acquisitions which can create value for us and we would be keen to consider such opportunities,” said Gaurang Shah, president (asset management, life insurance and international business) of Kotak Mahindra Bank, parent company of Kotak AMC.
PineBridge MF’s total assets are less than two per cent of Kotak AMC’s AUM of Rs 37,000 crore (as on August).
“Smaller AMCs are finding it difficult to increase assets and profitability is a question mark. Going forward, there could be more such exits,” said Niranjan Risbood, director (fund research) at Morningstar India.
PineBridge operated seven schemes — three each in equity and debt and one in the gold segment. Its equity schemes had assets of around Rs 215 crore.
According to Dhirendra Kumar, chief executive of Value Research, “It’s not surprising to see AMCs exiting. They are unable to compete with bigger peers in the market, which are attracting most of the assets. It's a tough environment to do business.”
The Securities and Exchange Board of India recently increased the minimum net worth requirement five-fold to Rs 50 crore.
As on June, the Rs 10 lakh crore MF sector had had a total of 46 entities.
Kotak Mahindra and associates are significant shareholders in Business Standard Limited

Here s why Apple s latest iOS 8 is worth installingGoogle's Android software can't compete with iOS' evolving unity because so many different companies manufacture Android devices, and each adds its own variables.
AP | Posted: September 18, 2014 4:51 pm
The scores of new features in Apple’s software update for mobile devices can be boiled down to one word: unity.
Many iPhone owners also have iPads and Mac computers, and family members are likely to have Apple devices, too. With the new iOS 8 software for iPhones and iPads, those devices start to act like one. Apps on those devices start to unite, too.
Google’s Android software can’t compete with iOS’ evolving unity because so many different companies manufacture Android devices, and each adds its own variables. Apple knows what goes into the few products it makes and can break down the walls between them.
The free update is available to owners of iPhone and iPad models going back to 2011, though older devices won’t get all the new features. The new software will also come with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which come out Friday.
Here’s a look at those ‘unity’ features and why iOS 8 is worth installing:
You can start tasks on one device and finish on another.
Let’s say you’re typing an email reply on your iPhone when you realize the message will be quite lengthy. You can pick up your iPad and finish there. With the upcoming Yosemite update for Mac computers, liking coming next month, you’ll be able to use the Mac’s physical keyboard, too.
Picking up a task on a second device is easy. Just slide up the small app icon on that device’s lock screen, be it an iPhone or an iPad. On Macs with Yosemite, click the icon on the bottom left.
For now, this capability is limited to a handful of apps, including Apple’s Maps, Calendar, Mail, Messages and the Safari Web browser. And when you try to open a Web page on a second device, you still have to scroll down to where you were. With Maps, on the other hand, it takes me to the location I was viewing on the other device.
This feature, known as Handoff, will be more useful once outside developers take advantage of it. LG and Samsung have offered similar integration of their phones and tablets, but neither does it as extensively.
You’ll be able to use your iPad or Mac to send texts or make phone calls.
Currently, you can send text-like messages from iPads and Macs with the Messages app, but the recipient also needs Messages. That excludes Android users. With iOS 8, those iPad and Mac messages will get relayed through the iPhone, so you can reach any other phone. The texting capabilities won’t be coming until next month, though.
What you can do now is use the iPad and the Mac to make and receive calls. The devices have to be on the same Wi-Fi network, so this won’t help if you left your phone at work. But it’s useful if the phone is charging in another room. Call quality was about what I’d expect from a speakerphone.
You’ll be able to do more without switching from app to app.
If a text message comes in as you’re browsing the Web, you can pull down the notification and reply right there. You don’t need to leave the Web browser and launch Messages first. You can also delete an email or accept a calendar invite that way.
There are some limitations, though: You get only one reply for text messages. You then have to wait for another message to come in or open the full app. With email, you can mark a message as read or delete it, but you can’t reply. Like Handoff, this will be more useful once more apps take advantage of it and let you do more.
Meanwhile, if you’re chatting with a bunch of friends, you can see their locations (as long as they’ve shared it) without having to leave Messages to open a separate Find My Friends app.
Members of the same households can share calendars and music more easily.
You pick up to five family members to join your network, for a total of six. These need to be people you trust, as they’ll be using your credit card to make purchases. You can require approval for purchases, such as for kids’ accounts.
Family members will be able to share each other’s books, music, video and apps, so Mom, Dad and Junior won’t need to buy separate copies of the “Frozen” movie. A family calendar and a shared photo album also get set up. The individual still gets to decide which photos and videos show up there for other family members to see.
And there’s more …
The walls between Apple apps and third-party apps are breaking down. For example, outside developers will be able to use Apple’s fingerprint authentication system with iOS 8. Before, it was limited to a few Apple services.
Beyond these “unity” features, owners of the new iPhones will be able to pay for goods simply by holding their device near a credit card terminal at retail stores. All iOS 8 users get quicker ways to type messages and reach favorite and recent contacts.
Although you don’t need to rush out to upgrade your devices right away, it’ll eventually be worthwhile to do so, especially if you have a recent device or multiple Apple devices. While last year’s iOS 7 offered cosmetic changes and new gesture controls, this year’s update comes with plenty of new functionality.

SC asks NDA govt to clear its stand on gas priceSC asks NDA govt to clear its stand on gas price from Krishna-Godavari Basin
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 13:02 IST
Reliance Industries Limited, headed by Mukesh Ambani, has invoked arbitration on the issue of gas pricing.
The Supreme Court (SC) asked the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government on Thursday to make its stand clear on fixation of the price of gas from Krishna-Godavari (K-G) Basin.
The SC asked whether the government's stand ticks to the previous United Progressive Alliance dispensation's policy or makes any departure from it. "Tell us what the situation is. Whether you (government) are going to argue or stick to the old government's policy or is it something else?" a Bench headed by Justice T.S. Thakur asked.
A fresh hearing on the issue started because an earlier Bench headed by Justice B.S. Chauhan was not able to adjudicate the dispute as he retired before the hearing concluded. Justices J. Chelameshwar and Kurian Joseph, who were part of earlier Bench, also comprise the new Bench.
Public interest litigations (PILs) filed in 2013 by Communist Party of India MP Gurudas Dasgupta and non-governmental organisation (NGO) Common Cause had challenged the decision to double the price of natural gas from $4.2 per British thermal unit (mmbtu) to $8.4 and sought cancellation of Reliance Industries Limited's (RIL) contract for exploration of oil and gas from the Basin.
Solicitor General Ranjit Kumar told the new Bench that the NDA government has deferred implementing the formula for gas pricing recommended by C Rangarajan Committee till September 30.
Rangarajan was chairman of Economic Advisory Council. Kumar informed the Bench that the government has formed a panel to recommend changes in the pricing policy.
"A committee has already been formed. Till September 30th, nothing is happening. The committee can submit its report by September 30th and only after that a decision will be taken," he said.
The government also said that RIL has invoked arbitration on the issue of gas pricing. Dasgupta and the NGO said that the government should be asked not to further increase the price of gas produced by RIL from KG Basin.
"For every one dollar increase in price of the gas, there will be an extra cost of over Rs 10,000 crore on subsidy given to fertiliser companies," advocate Prashant Bhushan, appearing for Common Cause, said.
The Bench posted the next hearing on November 14 saying, "Two things will have to be seen. One is whether they (NDA government) are going to change the policy or what stand they take. Second is the feasibility of this Bench hearing this case for very long."

ONGC made Rs 81 890 crore investment to raise outputONGC made Rs 81,890 crore investment to raise output
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 13:32 IST
Picture for representation only. (Source: Reuters)
Country's largest oil and gas producer ONGC on Friday said it has invested Rs 81,890 crore in bringing on stream newer discoveries and arrest natural decline that has set in its ageing fields.
"Our major oil and gas producing fields are ageing and showing natural decline," ONGC Chairman and Managing Director Dinesh K Sarraf told shareholders at company's annual general meeting (AGM) here.
However, ONGC has taken measures to arrest this trend and uphold production from such fields, he said.
Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) has deployed the best-in-class technologies in its Improved Oil Recovery (IOR) and Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) schemes on these fields.
"Our efforts have paid off well with 7.46 million tonnes in FY14 alone, which is about 33 per cent of ONGC's domestic crude production. Thus, till FY14, a cumulative incremental gain of 87.41 million tonnes has been achieved," he said, adding a total of Rs 41,316 crore capex has been planned for such interventions across 24 projects, out of which 19 have already been completed.
Stating that ONGC was committed to expeditiously develop its oil and gas reserves, he said out of 15 prospective projects taken up for development, 7 projects are already complete and 8 are under various stages of implementation.
Some of these projects like C-24, B-22 Cluster, SB-14, B-46, BHE & BH-35, North Tapti, C-Series and D-1 are already on stream and producing.
"These projects, with an estimated capital outlay of over Rs 40,573.7 crore, are geared up to produce additional 45.66 million tonnes of crude oil and 67.44 billion cubic meters of natural gas," he said.
Sarraf said ONGC was focused on development of Daman gas fields in western offshore and oil and gas discoveries in KG-DWN-98/2 or KG-D5 block, which sits next to Reliance Industries' eastern offshore KG-D6 area.
"Development of Daman, a cluster of several discoveries in western offshore, has already been approved by the Board with an investment of Rs 5,219 crore, envisaging peak production of about 8.5 million standard cubic meters per day and start-up of production by July, 2016. All out efforts are also being made to ensure production from KG-DWN-98/2 by 2018," he said.
During 2013-14, 84.99 million tonnes of oil and oil equivalent gas reserves were accreted, the highest in last 23 years.
Also, ONGC achieved a Reserve Replacement Ratio (RRR) of 1.87. This is the 9th consecutive year that your Company has achieved RRR more than one.
India's crude oil production in 2013-14 was largely flat at 37.77 million tonnes as compared to 37.86 million tonnes in the previous financial year.
However, there was a substantial drop in the natural gas output. The production was pegged at 35.39 billion cubic metres (BCM) against 40.68 BCM in the preceding fiscal. While crude oil imports increased by over 2 per cent to 189.24 million tonnes, LNG import remained almost flat at 10.76 million tonnes against 10.90 MT in FY13.
"As you all know, the growing energy deficit does not augur well for the country's economic fundamentals. The rising import bill is already exerting a considerable strain on country's trade balance. Depreciation of rupee vis-a-vis dollar further compounded the problem," Sarraf said.
However, the situation has evidently improved in the current financial year with the drop in international crude prices.
"With the oil prices reaching below $100 per barrel in the recent days and with the relative stability of rupee, the outlook of Indian E&P industry is quite positive," he added.

Rupee flat  pares early gains on rising dollarRupee flat, pares early gains on rising dollar
Reuters |  Sep 19, 2014 03:00 PM IST
The rupee is trading at 60.84, unchanged from its 60.83/84 close.
 
It pared early gains on dollar strength globally after a fall in US jobless claims.
 
Shares edged higher, but gains were smaller than on Thursday.
 
Rupee was driven by hopes of continued foreign fund buying in shares and bonds.
 
Some relief was seen after Scotland voted against breaking from the United Kingdom. A 'yes' vote would have sparked volatility in FX markets, traders said.

BSE to list 100 cos on SME platform by Dec-endAssocham
(Currently, 66 companies…)
NEW DELHI: Leading stock exchange BSE is hopeful of listing a total of 100 companies on its SME platform by December-end after launching the segment for small enterprises more than two years ago.
Currently, 66 companies are listed on BSE's SME platform having an aggregate market capitalisation of nearly Rs 7,900 crore. These firms raised about Rs 550 crore through initial public offerings (IPOs).
"Basically we've got a very good response on SME as in 2 years time we've now got 66 companies listed and in next two months 20-25 more companies will get listed so effectively we'll have 100 companies listed by this year end on the BSE SME platform itself," BSE Managing Director and CEO Ashish Kumar Chauhan said at the sidelines of an Assocham event.
Many good companies from areas like manufacturing, metals, information technology and others are coming to list on the BSE's SME platform, he said.
In March 2012, BSE launched platforms for small and medium enterprises aimed at entities looking to raise equity capital after market regulator Sebi allowed such firms to get listed without an IPO .
It launched an institutional trading platform for this in November 2013. The NSE followed suit in September in the same year when its platform 'Emerge' went live.
According to the SME listing norms, a company would be eligible for listing if it has not completed 10 years after incorporation, and its revenue has not exceeded Rs 100 crore in any of the financial years.
In addition, the company should have got an investment of at least Rs 50 lakh by an alternative investment fund, or a venture capital fund, or by a merchant banker, or an angel investor, or a specialised international multilateral agency, or a public financial institution, among other such investors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s forex reserves down $1.6 billion to $315.69 billionIndia's forex reserves down $1.6 billion to $315.69 billion
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 05:20 PM IST
India's foreign exchange reserves dropped by $1.615 billion to $315.697 billion in the week to September 12 on account of a hefty fall in non-US currency assets, the Reserve Bank said today.
In the week to September 5, the reserves had dipped by $1.327 billion to $317.313 billion.
Foreign currency assets (FCAs), a major constituent of overall reserves, declined by $1.599 billion to $288.764 billion for the week under review, the RBI data showed.
FCAs, expressed in dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation/depreciation of the non-US currencies such as the euro, pound and yen held in reserves.
The gold reserves remained unchanged at $20.933 billion in the reporting week.
The special drawing rights were down $11.4 million to $4.333 billion and India's reserve position with the IMF dipped by $4.4 million to $1.666 billion during the week, the data showed.

Tech Mahindra aims to clock $ 5 bn revenues ...Tech Mahindra aims to clock $ 5 billion revenues by FY17
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 05.31PM IST
Tags:
IT
(Tech Mahindra, India's…)
HYDERABAD: Tech Mahindra, India's fifth largest software services exporter, is on track to become a $ 5 billion dollar company by fiscal 2017, a top company executive said today.
"So far as the business is concerned, it is good. Outlook is positive. It is not only for us, it is for the industry also. That's a good sign. Let's hope (we achieve $ 5 billion revenue goal).
"By the grace of God... we should be heading to that number. By 2016-17, there is a possibility that we will achieve our stated objective," Tech Mahindra Executive Vice-Chairman Vineet Nayyar told reporters on the margins of an event here.
The company crossed $ 3 billion in revenues by the end of 2013-14 (from $ 2.6 billion in 2012-13) with nearly $ 500 million profit after tax.)
On the current deal pipeline, he said the infotech major bagged large contracts which helped it clock $ 3 billion revenues last fiscal.
"We have been doing big deals. To reach $ 3 billion (in FY14) was not easy. Reaching USD 4 billion or $ 5 billion will be tough. But let's see we will achieve."
Nayyar was here to participate in an industry-academia interface programme organised at an engineering institute established by Mahindra Group and Ecole Centrale of Paris.
Asked about the cases filed against the company for the acts committed by promoters of scam-hit Satyam Computer prior to its acquisition by Tech Mahindra, Nayyar said they are in touch with the government and expect positive outcome.
"We are always in continuous dialogue with the government. If the government sees the way we see it, then hopefully there will be a solution. We are quite confident that the government does not have a legal case (against us) and we will contest it (if there is any)."
The cases filed by agencies such as Enforcement Directorate and Income Tax against Satyam Computer, arising out of the 2009 accounting fraud at the erstwhile firm, continue to haunt the IT major.
Mahindra Group took over Satyam Computer after a multi-billion dollar corporate fraud, committed by its founding-Chairman B Ramalinga Raju, came to light. Tech Mahindra still faces some of the legal cases linked to the scam.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Cisco unveils threat-focussed security solut...Cisco
(Networking solutions firm…)
NEW DELHI: Networking solutions firm Cisco today launched a new firewall security solution that automatically assesses threats, correlates intelligence and optimises defence to protect the network of the enterprise.
This is the industry's first threat-focussed Next-Generation Firewall (NGFW) that integrates the features of application control, intrusion prevention systems and advanced malware protection from its Sourcefire acquisition, the company said.
"The number of attacks have grown at an unprecedented pace. There are challenges with traditional defence as they are often in boxes. Our solution changes this, taking a visibility-driven, threat-focused and platform-based approach," Cisco Managing Director (Security Sales APJC) Stephen Dane told reporters on a teleconference.
It delivers full contextual awareness of users, mobile devices and apps and provides users with dashboards and drill-down reports of discovered hosts, suspect applications, threats, and indicators of compromise for comprehensive visibility, he added.
"With continuous analysis, the solution provides detection, blocking, tracking, analysis, and remediation capabilities to protect against the full spectrum of attacks, known and unknown," Cisco Security Head Sales (India and SAARC) Pravin Srinivasan said.
He added that security budget as part of the IT spending by Indian firms is also on the rise as they want to stay prepared against the rising number of cyber attacks.
"Be it banking, telecon or IT, every vertical is investing in security. In fact as percentage of the IT budget, security spends have gone up from 1-2 per cent a few years ago to as much as 5-10 per cent in some cases," he said.
Srinivasan said even government is investing heavily as it looks to deliver e-governance services and carry out initiatives like smart city projects in a secure manner.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt mulls raising excise duty on unbranded ...You are here: Home > Collections > Litre
Government mulls raising excise duty on unbranded diesel
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 06.08PM IST
Tags:
excise duty
(The Finance Ministry has…)
NEW DELHI: With softening global oil rates leading to first ever profit on diesel sales, the government is considering raising excise duty on unbranded diesel to take away the gains.
State-owned oil companies are making a profit of 35 paise a litre from this week after falling international prices wiped away losses or under-recovery on the nation's most consumed fuel.
The Finance Ministry has written to Oil Ministry seeking its view on raising excise duty on unbranded diesel, a senior finance ministry official said.
"Since diesel prices is coming down so we have written to Petroleum Ministry asking if there any scope for raising excise duty on unbranded diesel," he said.
Normal or unbranded diesel currently attracts basic excise duty of Rs 1.46 a litre and an additional excise duty of Rs 2 per litre. In comparison, branded or premium grade diesel is levied with a total excise duty of Rs 5.75 a litre.
The differential in duty rates results in varied prices of the two - a litre of normal or unbranded diesel costs Rs 58.97 while branded fuel is priced at Rs 62.34.
A similar differential exists on petrol as well - a litre of branded petrol costing Rs 73.47 while unbranded version coming for Rs 68.55.
Under-recovery or the difference between retail price and its imported cost on diesel was 8 paise per litre in the first half of September. The under-recovery in the second half has turned into over-recovery or profit of 35 paisa per litre.
Had diesel prices been deregulated like petrol, rates would have been cut for the first time in over five years. Diesel rates were last cut on January 29, 2009 when they were reduced by Rs 2 a litre to Rs 30.86.
Since then rates have only increased as international oil prices climbed. Since January 2013, diesel prices have been raised by up to 50 paise a litre every month to eliminate under-recoveries.
Deregulation would give oil companies powers to change rates in tandem with cost like they do in case of petrol since June 2010.
Oil companies calculate the desired retail selling price of petrol and diesel on 1st and 16th of every month based on average international benchmark price and rupee-dollar exchange rate .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee gains on foreign flows  but falls for the weekRupee gains on foreign flows, but falls for the week
Reuters | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 05:31 PM IST
The rupee rose for a fourth consecutive session on Friday, boosted by strong foreign fund flows into markets, although the local currency fell against the dollar for the week, in line with losses in other emerging Asian currencies.
Scotland's decision to stay in the United Kingdom also eased investor concerns on Friday after a recent run of global political obstacles.
Although the rupee hit a one-month low on Monday, it has steadily risen since then on optimism that hefty foreign fund flows will better help it weather any volatility related to potential U.S. Federal Reserve rate hikes.
Foreign funds bought $484.65 million of government bonds on Thursday, the highest since a record high of $2.65 billion on Aug. 21.
"While some assets may be over-valued, there is still a lot of space to go long on India. I see the rupee strengthening from here in the lead up to the RBI's policy review later this month," said Surendran A.V., head of treasury at Dhanlaxmi Bank in Mumbai.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.81/82 per dollar, compared to its close of 60.83/84 on Thursday.
Still, it was down 0.26 percent for the week on account of the big losses on Monday, posting a second consecutive weekly loss.
With few domestic factors next week, traders say foreign fund flows will determine the rupee's direction ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review on Sept. 30.
Foreign funds have bought debt and equity worth nearly $3.61 billion so far in September, as per regulatory data, bringing their total for the year to $33.66 billion.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards PNDF, the one-month contract was at 61.14/19 while the three-month contract was at 61.63/73.

Jawan hurt as ULFA target army vehicle in AssamdistrictPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 19, 2014 6:25 pm
An army personnel was injured when an explosion occurred near Kanu tea estate in Sivasagar district in upper Assam early on Friday morning, with the anti-talk faction of ULFA later claiming responsibility for it.
Assam Police CPRO Rajib Saikia said the explosion, caused by an improvised explosive device (IED), took place at about 7.30 am when a convoy of three army vehicles of the C Company of four Rajputs was passing through the area. Splinters hit the first vehicle of the Army convoy puncturing the truck’s tyres and injuring an Army personnel.
Police said a search conducted by security forces in the area led to recovery of a bag containing a low velocity bomb. The location is close to the trijuncture of Assam, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh and is a known route that ULFA militants use for transit to their hideouts in Myanmar.
While the police immediately suspected it to be a handiwork of the ULFA, the anti-talk faction headed by Paresh Barua later issued a statement claiming responsibility for the same.

Gates Foundation announces USD 7 lakh for J-K floodreliefPrint
Flood hit victims salvage their belongings from their collapsed house at Saida Kadal in Srinagar on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 19, 2014 6:25 pm | Updated: September 19, 2014 6:30 pm
American business tycoon and philanthropist Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Friday announced an emergency relief fund of USD 700,000 for the flood victims of Jammu and Kashmir.
The help came in response to a request from Minister of State for Personnel Jitendra Singh, who hails from Jammu and Kashmir.
The announcement was made by Gates when he called on Singh here to discuss mutually shared areas of interest.
Singh and Gates talked about shared areas of focus, including the existing Memorandum of Understanding between the Foundation and the Department of Biotechnology/Biotechnology Industry Research Assistance Council (BIRAC) for their Grand Challenges initiative.
The Foundation’s Grand Challenges in Global Health initiative fosters scientific and technological innovation to solve key health problems in the developing world.
This initiative promotes Indian innovations in the areas such as sanitation and malnutrition, to help all children survive, thrive and reach their full potential, an official release said.
“I share the minister’s belief in the power of technology to change the world and I applaud his commitment on harnessing the power of Indian innovation to save lives, through initiatives such as Reinvent The Toilet Challenge: India ,” Gates said.

Why Switzerland is Nevadas biggest foreign trading partnerSeptember 19, 2014
This item and its headline have been corrected.
The Washington Post published a map Thursday of the top foreign export markets for every US state. For most states, 35 in all, the top export market is Canada. For six states, it’s China. And for five states, all in the country’s southwest, it’s Mexico. But one state stands out on the map.
The top foreign export partner for Nevada, known to the world for Las Vegas, is Switzerland.  Nevada exports $2.7 billion worth of goods, or 31% of the value of the state’s total exports abroad, to the wealthy, landlocked European nation, according to the US Census Bureau.
The major export: gold. Last year, Nevada exported $3.9 billion worth of gold in total. As seen in the chart below, if the state were a country, it would rank among the top 10 gold exporters globally. Switzerland, where the Swiss Franc is still backed by gold reserves, is the world’s gold hub, refining two-thirds of the world’s gold , by some estimates.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Correction (Sept. 19 2014, 10am EST): This item has been corrected to describe Switzerland as Nevada’s largest export market, not its largest trading partner.
Share this:

Australian firms find India attractive for investmentHi Guest
Australian firms find India attractive for investment
The investments by Australian companies in India grew 13.7 per cent in 2013, while the outlay of Indian firms in Australia remained flat last year as compared to 2012, according to a government report. Australian companies invested 6.57 billion Australian dollars (AUDS) in 2013 compared to AUD 5.78 billion in 2012, up 13.7 per cent, according to the publication titled 'G-20 Trade and Investment 2014' issued by the Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade (DFAT). While Indian companies ...

Real Estate Bill for regulation not strangulation: Venkaiah NaiduNew Delhi, Sept 19:  
 
The Real Estate (Development and Regulation) Bill will not seek to strangulate the sector, Minister of Housing & Urban Poverty Alleviation M. Venkaiah Naidu said on Friday. The proposed Bill, which aims to protect consumer interest and introduce standardisation in business practices and transactions in the sector, will be presented in the Winter Session of the Parliament.
 
Stating that the Government believes in public private partnership, Naidu said that it does not intend to add one more ‘table’ to the many that already exist in the trail of obtaining necessary approvals and on the contrary seeks to simplify the approval process by taking the States on board.
 
He was speaking at the ‘Stakeholders Consultation on Real Estate (Development and Regulation) Bill and Single Window Approval System’ here. “The Bill will also enable domestic and foreign investment flow into the sector,” Naidu added.
 
The BJP Government is set to bring out a revised Bill, after talks with all stakeholders. The Bill was earlier introduced in the Rajya Sabha in August 2013. Post that, a report was tabled by Standing Committee on Urban Development in the Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha in February 2014.
 
“It is applicable to residential real estate i.e. housing and any other independent use ancillary to housing, but the Standing Committee has suggested that it be extended to include commercial real estate as well,” K B S Sidhu, Joint Secretary (Housing), Ministry of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation, said.
 
The Committee also suggests inclusion of all real estate agents (including secondary sale) within the ambit of the Bill, apart from increasing responsibility of promoters towards structural defects from 2 years to 5 years, among others.
 
State regulatory bodies will not be outside the ambit of the Bill, Sidhu added.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Rupee ends flat at 60.83Rupee ends flat at 60.83
Our Bureau
Tweet
September, 19:  
The rupee ended almost flat at 60.83 against the dollar due to weakness in the Asian currencies and domestic equity markets.
The Indian unit opened stronger at 60.76 per dollar on the back of mild capital inflows into the domestic markets.
The gains persisted from buoyed sentiments continuing from US Federal Reserve’s zero-interest pledge during the week and Chinese President’s India visit announcing investments into the country.
The unit gained 11 paise to 60.73 after which mild capital outflows dragged the rupee to 60.89 per dollar.
A non-event day led the BSE-benchmark Sensex to end almost flat at 27,090, weaker by 22 points at day’s close.
Call rate dips, Bond rates flat
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short-term funds from one another, ended lower at 7.75 per cent from Thursday’s close of 7.95 per cent.
The price on the 10-year benchmark 8.40 per cent government security, maturing in 2024, closed almost flat at Rs 99.62 from the previous close of Rs 99.63. The yield on the bond softened remained unchanged at 8.45 per cent, an 11-month low.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Despite frustration  global CEOs find investment opportunities irresistible in IndiaGlobal CEOs find India frustrating but irresistible
Abhineet Kumar | Mumbai Sep 23, 2014 12:45 AM IST
Last week when Honda’s global chairman, Fumihiko Ike, was complaining about difficulties in doing business in India, he was also evaluating a plan to invest about Rs 4,500 crore in a new car manufacturing plant at Sanand in Gujarat. The Japanese automobile giant has already invested Rs 6,000 crore in India in two separate facilities, at Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh and Tapukara in Rajasthan, with a capacity to produce 240,000 cars a year.
Speaking at a Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers’ summit in New Delhi, Ike said poor infrastructure and an  uncertain tax regime made it tough to do business in India. India figures 134 in ease of doing business rankings among 189 countries. Global chief executive officers (CEO) find themselves in a love-hate relationship with the country as they cannot resist the Indian market despite being frustrated by government apathy.
“CEOs feel a sense of frustration as despite seeing potential opportunities, on the ground they do not see the miracle taking place,” said Harsh Goenka, chairman of RPG Enterprises. “It is good to vent feelings so that the government starts working faster,” he added.
BP India chief Sashi Mukundan was also unequivocal when he called the delay in raising the price of gas frustrating at a summit organised by The Economist in New Delhi last week. BP bought a 30 per cent stake in Reliance Industries’ 21 oil and gas blocks, including Krishna Godavari–D6, for $7.02 billion in 2011.
The previous United Progressive Alliance government approved a formula that would have doubled natural gas prices to $8.4 per million British thermal units. First the decision was held up by elections and now the new government is reviewing it. Mukundan said this had delayed BP’s $4 billion investment in its first project, which would not be viable without favourable pricing.
But the experience has not deterred the company from exploring new opportunities. RIL’s and BP’s equal joint venture, India Gas Solutions, has bid for a 25 per cent stake in a liquified natural gas (LNG) Import terminal at the Mundra special economic zone. Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) and the Adani Group are developing the terminal that will cost Rs 4,500 crore.
“Ease of doing business has been bad, but it further deteriorated in the last three years,” said Adi Godrej, chairman of the Godrej Group. “That is why there is so much of frustration now, but the global giants hope it will improve with time and the new government’s intentions have raised their confidence,” he added.
But high hopes with the new government have brought disappointment to UK-based Vodafone, which was expecting an early resolution of its $2.5 billion tax dispute over its purchase of a controlling stake in Hutchison Essar Telecom in April 2007. Vodafone India CEO Marten Pieters also criticised the government for the delay in allowing it to bring in funds from the parent company to buy spectrum. Despite these frustrations, the company has invested Rs 48,200 crore in India in the past five years. “Global giants need India in their portfolio to achieve high growth,” said Sidharth Birla, president of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry . “They also understand that ease of doing business will improve over the years so they continue to invest,” he added, citing the new government’s plan to use technological intervention to improve efficiency.
The government plans to take India into the top 50 ranks in ease of doing business in the next two years with efforts such as shifting all applications for industrial licenses online.
 

Security forces bust NSCN(IM)  detention centre  in DimapurPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 19, 2014 6:57 pm
Two days after police unearthed an illegal “tax” racket allegedly run by the NSCN(IM) through some transport companies in Nagaland, security forces have busted an illegal “detention centre” that was being run for more than seven years by the same group.
Security forces which had launched an operation based on specific information, busted the illegal “detention centre” on Wednesday evening at a locality called Half Nagarjan on the outskirts of Dimapur and rescued two persons who were found tied with heavy chains around their ankles there.
Giving this information, Guwahati-based Defence PRO Lt Col Suneet Newton said the two persons who were rescued from the “detention camp” were identified as Rinthar Tangkhul (36) of Ukhrul (Manipur) and Chuba Ao (25) of Mokokchung (Nagaland). “The detainees were being confined under most inhuman and despicable conditions. These detainees informed the search party that the ‘detention centre’ was being run by six military wing cadres of NSCN(IM) led by one self-styled Captain Hoito Sumi,” Lt Col Newton said.
While all the six persons who were present in the house admitted on apprehension that they belonged to the NSCN(IM), they also confessed that the “detention camp” was there for seven years. “On further investigation it emerged that the ‘detention centre’ has been in existence for seven years and was used as a base for carrying out extortion, abductions, kidnappings, collection of ransom apart from serving as a place for illegal confinement,” the Defence PRO said.
Interestingly, the NSCN(IM) was found involved in such activities despite its leaders engaging themselves in peaceful negotiations with the government of India for the past 17 years.
Lt Col Newton also informed that all these illegal activities are being carried out in Dimapur by the NSCN(IM) under the code-name “Operation Acceleration Dimapur Town” and it was headed by one self-styled Lt Col Nagaho. “During the search of the ‘detention centre’, a number of incriminating documents were found. These included illegal tax collection slips, work permit cards, vehicle documents of individuals from whom money was being extorted, details of target businessmen etc,” he added.
Earlier this week, the police had unearthed a a well-organized network of illegal taxation on transport and commercial vehicles which was reportedly controlled by the NSCN(IM). The “tax” was collected with the help of as many as 17 transport and goods companies operating from Dimapur, the commercial hub and only railways head of Nagaland.

Alibaba to have spotlight Friday all to itselfAlibaba dominates Wall Street's IPO spotlight
By: David Craig September 19, 2014 9:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The moment Wall Street has been waiting for is here. Friday, Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba finally started trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
After pricing at $68 a share late Thursday, the stock opened just before noon ET up nearly 40% at $92.70.
Even before that opening surge, Alibaba ( BABA ) stood out as the biggest IPO ever in the U.S., raising $21.8 billion.
It also stood out  in another way: It is the only IPO that started trading on U.S. stock markets today.
Three U.S. IPOs on the schedule for this week priced their offerings Wednesday. One other that was supposed to be priced this week was pushed back and delayed. That left Friday wide open for Alibaba to make its debut.
There may be no connection, but a look back at the last IPO that got this kind of attention —  Twitter ( TWTR ) — might explain why.
After weeks of buildup, Twitter priced its IPO last year on the night of Nov. 6 and started trading the next day on the New York Stock Exchange. It opened at nearly twice its IPO price and closed with a 73% gain.
Four other companies also started trading the 7th. Of them, only one — LGI Homes ( LGIH ) — closed the first day with a gain, rising 17% on the Nasdaq, according to Kathleen Smith, ETF manager at Renaissance Capital.
The other three IPOs suffered first-day losses ranging between 3% to roughly 5%:
U.S. IPOs starting trading on Nov. 7, 2013
Company

RBI tells banks to be careful about Jan Dhan YojanaRBI tells banks to be careful about Jan Dhan Yojana
SMS Pharma to shift base from Telangana to APSMS Pharma to shift base from Telangana to AP
India s foodgrain production projected to drop by 7 %India s foodgrain production projected to drop by 7 %
Acquisition key for Tata Technologies  $1bn revenue target by 2017Tata Technologies: Acquisitions key for $1-bn revenue target
Shivani Shinde Nadhe | Pune Sep 20, 2014 09:40 PM IST
Warren Harris, who took over the reins of Tata Technologies earlier this month after Patrick McGoldrick stepped down, believes the one big challenge for him will be to maintain growth momentum to reach its target of $1 billion annual revenue by 2017.
Though acquisitions will be a crucial part of this aim, organic growth is important. The company foresees doing two to three acquisitions over the next two to three years. It is comfortable with taking over firms with revenue with annual revenue of $30-60 million.
“I have been part of Tata Technologies and working along with Patrick. In terms of priorities, I think it will be a challenge in maintaining the business plan to reach our target of $1 billion. Organically, we have been doing a great job on the growth front but we will also have inorganic play. It is an important part of our plan,” said Harris.
Three years earlier, the company had chalked out an ambitious plan to be a $1-billion revenue company. In 2013-14, this grew 17 per cent to touch Rs 2,395 crore ($400 million). Cash balances were Rs 968 crore.
“We are comfortable to do an acquisition of the size of Cambric last year. Our focus will be to acquire for capabilities or to get access to marquee customers,” said Harris. The company acquired Cambric in 2013, getting a foothold in Eastern Europe (the latter has an engineering centre in Romania) and access to domain expertise and presence in the industrial equipment sector. Asked if Tata Technologies had been able to work with any original equipment maker for its electric mobility vehicle, eMO, which the company showcased at the  North American International Automotive Show in Detriot, he said that was more to showcase their capabilities. “eMO and eMO-C both have received well in the auto sector. We were able to demonstrate a business model in this segment. We also used this as a window to showcase Tata Technologies' capabilities of an end-to-end service provider. Many of the concepts we showcased in eMO have found their way in several of the projects we are working on,” added Harris.
Tata Technologies has a big focus on Asia, Europe and the US. “India is a big focus area for us. It contributes 75 per cent of our Asia-Pacific revenue. India as a market has been a growth story for us. Though the domestic market has been slow, we have seen customers using India as a manufacturing hub for other regions across globe,” he said.
For FY14, the India contribution to revenue was Rs 691 crore. America contributed Rs  735 crore and Europe, largest segment for the company, Rs 951 crore.
When asked how the company intends to leverage the group, especially with Chairman Cyrus Mistry asking group firms to work together, Harris said that the company is already working in the aerospace segment with some of the group firms. “There is already a group initiative. If you take the aerospace sector for instance, and you look at the work done for organisations like Sikorsky and Lockheed with the plans being commissioned in Hyderabad. There’s already been a consolidated approach to those opportunities,” he added.
He also elaborated that the group Chairman has talked about industry clusters and approaching it collectively from the centre. “After which the companies are aligned around and I certainly think you will see more of that in the future," he aded.
Harris also further added that in terms of boundary management, there are something’s that the group can do in the future that will allow group firms to get their collective preposition in a much unified way. “They are very much in thoughts with what the group chairman is trying to do in terms of position and capabilities inside of the group that are complimentary and mitigate some of the overlap that confused some of the outside markets in the past,” he added.

Proxy advisory firm urges shareholders to reject Mallya s reappointment as chairman of USLGet Mallya off USL board: IiAS
BS Reporter | Bangalore Sep 20, 2014 12:46 AM IST
Institutional Investor Advisory Services (IiAS), a proxy advisory firm, has urged the shareholders of United Spirits to reject a proposal of re-electing the embattled Vijay Mallya as the chairman of United Spirits in the forthcoming AGM scheduled on September 30, 2014.
The proxy advisory firm has said they are advising shareholders of USL to reject this proposal as Mallya is battling being tagged as a wilful defaulter by several banks in connection with their lending to Kingfisher Airlines.
"According to an RBI circular, banks must not extend loans to companies where a director is considered a wilful defaulter. IiAS recognizes that USL is a Diageo subsidiary, and can access funds support from its parent company. However, this is not an optimum way of doing business. IiAS further understands that the decision to declare Vijay Mallya a 'wilful defaulter' is being contested by Kingfisher Airlines and Vijay Mallya. But, until this matter is resolved Vijay Mallya continuing on the board will constrain USL's ability to raise debt from the Indian financial system," the proxy advisory firm said in their advise.
This move by this reputed organisation urging shareholders to stop Mallya from being the chairman will compound the woes for Mallya who is battling as many as 22 cases across various courts in India over defaults to a clutch of state-owned banks and other financial institutions.
In addition to this opposition, IiAS has also opposed a move to hike the remuneration to the Director and CFO of United Spirits - P A Murali, stating that he has to be responsible for various intra-group transactions as a result of which USL is making provisions for bad loans.
"PA Murali is answerable for the intra-group transactions for which USL has taken write-offs and provided for in its 2013-14 financial statement. Given that context, IiAS recommends that PA Murali step down from his directorship on the board," the advisory firm said. USL proposes to revise PA Murali's remuneration from Rs 4.2 crore per annum to Rs 12.8 crore (includes Rs 5 crore paid in FY15 as one-time bonus). For nine months effective 4 July 2013, he was paid remuneration of Rs 4.78 crore.
"The proposed remuneration is not commensurate with the performance of the company, and is significantly higher than industry peers. Moreover, given that IiAS believes that PA Murali should step down from the board, a discussion on his remuneration is moot," the advisory firm told bluntly.
IiAS has also opposed another resolution to hike the borrowing limit to Rs 10,000 crore stating that it is high and if drawn down, it would allow the company a debt/equity of over 3x. In case the company undertakes more write-off next year, the impact of this borrowing limit will be much higher, IiAS added.
"With the current write-off, USL's net worth has eroded by over 50% - therefore the company will have to report to BIFR. IiAS recognizes that the company is not 'sick' yet, but increasing the leverage at this stage is not advisable. Additionally, USL has decided to reappoint Vijay Mallya. Mallya has been declared a wilful defaulter by several banks. and this constrains the company's ability to refinance its debt, especially from banks," IiAS cautioned shareholders of USL.

Fund managers remain cautious amid rising mktMahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak Delhi   Edition: Sept 28, 2014
Photo: Reuters
On September 3, the BSE Sensex crossed the 27,000-mark to touch its all-time high of 27,255. Despite this bullishness in the market, Nilesh Shetty, Associate Fund Manager at Quantum Asset Management Company (AMC), has been taking a cautious approach to Indian equities. This is the first time in eight years that Shetty's fund, Quantum Long-Term Equity Fund (QLTE), has been sitting on more than 33 per cent cash. The last time the fund had a huge cash pile was back in November 2010 and January 2011 when it was sitting on more than 20 per cent in cash.
"The reason why we are in cash is because most of our stocks have hit the sell limit and we had to exit the stock," says Shetty. "On a two-and-a-half year forward earnings we aren't seeing much of a buy at current levels."
Today, the QLTE fund has only 20 stocks in its portfolio, compared to some 30 stocks a year ago. Shetty is now selectively investing in gas and power utility stocks and has exited banking and engineering sectors. "We are picking stocks that will give steady return on equity and will not be highly volatile," says Shetty.
Similarly, Chintan Haria, Fund Manager at ICICI Prudential AMC has been booking profits in mid-cap and small-cap stocks and is shifting to a defensive strategy by getting into the large-cap space in select energy, telecom, IT, automobile and FMCG stocks. "From heavily positive a year back, we are now cautious. In the five-and-a-half months since March 2014, we have made a 50 per cent absolute return in mid-cap and small-cap stocks and we realise that such returns are not possible in the next one year, so we are booking profit," says Haria.
While fund managers are getting cautious, fund houses are witnessing rekindled retail interest in equity schemes
While fund managers are getting cautious, fund houses are witnessing rekindled retail interest in equity schemes. For instance, UTI Mutual Fund garnered Rs 770 crore in its three-year close-ended UTI Focused Equity Fund - Series I. The amount raised was way above the fund's own expectation of Rs 500 crore. "This signals the revival of the interest of retail investors in the Indian equity market ," says Suraj Kaeley, Group President (Sales & Marketing) at UTI AMC.
However, past experience has revealed that small investors always enter the market at high levels. So, with retail money coming in at a time when the Sensex is surging, is there a bubble being created in the market? "It may not be a bubble, but certainly the market is not cheap. Last year was good, but the same returns may not be replicated this year. Therefore, if someone enters thinking that they will make returns like last year they are in for a rude shock," says Haria.
The biggest domestic factor driving the stock market is the feel-good factor generated by the Narendra Modi government. The outcome of Modi's overseas visits - to Nepal and Japan - and his seeming ability to win hearts globally have boosted sentiment on Dalal Street. Japan has already committed an investment of $33.5 billion in India.
And there is a feeling that Modi's visit to other developed countries will bring in more investment into the country, which augurs well for the economy as well as for the market. There is a perception on Dalal Street that development is the main agenda for this government.
It is one of the reasons why mutual funds have been net buyers in equities since the new government came to power. Between May and August, they were net buyers to the extent of Rs 15,500 crore. They were net sellers to the tune of Rs 10,500 crore between January and April.
Then, the improving health of the Indian economy has also led to the recent bull run. The current account deficit is narrowing and inflation is easing. Also, the rupee is stronger and oil prices have come down.
The biggest local factor driving the stock market is the feel-good factor generated by the Modi government.
The main reason for the market's rapid rise has been the sustained flow of funds from foreign institutional investors (FIIs). So far in the past eight months, foreigners have pumped in $13.4 billion into Indian equities. Of this, $6.2 billion came in after May 16, when the new government came to power. As long as FII money will continue to flow into Indian stocks, the equity market is likely to remain buoyant.
"There are more positives than negatives. With equities under-owned and other asset classes like gold underperforming, there is a high possibility that investors may rush into equity," says Haria of ICICI Prudential AMC. "Getting carried away is easy in today's market but investors should enter the market with guarded optimism as the rate of increase in stock prices has come down." Agrees Shetty of Quantum AMC. "We have told investors to break their investment plan. If they plan to invest Rs 100, we have told them to invest only Rs 40 at these levels."
For the market to have legs, India Inc will require to deliver impressive performance quarter after quarter. While the momentum is pushing the market to new highs, investors should be careful and stick to companies that have a strong balance sheet. Quality is key at current levels because even if the market corrects sharply, it would prevent a sharp erosion in the value of an investor'sportfolio, who would also be the first to recover after a dip. Above all, investors should also check the valuations and level at which they are getting into a stock - timing is key for gaining from an investment in the equity market.

Entrepreneur Organization: Chicago businesses share a hiring outlook0
The Entrepreneur Organization is a Virginia-based global network of more than 8,000 business owners, with 120 chapters around the world, according to a statement announcing the survey results. The organization conducts the Global Entrepreneur Indicator every six months.
Adam Robinson, CEO of Chicago-based Hireology and a member of the group, said “you’ve got an economy that’s recovering, perhaps slower than some people would like. But it’s recovering. People are seeing more demand out there. Consumer-driven businesses are growing.”
You've got an economy that's recovering, perhaps slower than some people would like. But it's recovering. - Adam Robinson, Hireology
Robinson said Hireology, founded in 2010, started this year with 15 employees and will end with about 80. The company creates software that helps decentralized companies manage hiring.
“When we’re growing, it’s because our customers are hiring,” he said.
Among some of the other survey results:
33 percent of Chicago entrepreneurs said their access to capital increased in the past six months, with the rest saying it stayed the same. None said it decreased;
91 percent of Chicago entrepreneurs believe the U.S. economy will stay the same or improve in the next six months;
97 percent of Chicago entrepreneurs said they would be inclined to start a new business in the current economic environment.

Isis beheading plan thwarted in AustraliaAustralian police thwart Isis beheading plan
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney and Sam Jones in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dc1f1a80-3f1c-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scotland vote exposes established orderScotland independence vote exposes the established order
By Philip Stephens
If elites fail to provide more accountable government, politics of exclusion will sweep them aside
©Ingram Pinn
This has not been just about Scotland . There is more at stake than the union that in 1707 united the parliaments of England and Scotland.
One way of looking at the campaign for Scottish independence is as a settling of scores between ancient neighbours and rivals. The past few weeks have certainly carried more than a flavour of old resentments. Wrapped up in a tortuous history, though, has been the argument of our times – one about whether we are heading for a world of open or closed, inclusive or exclusive, societies.
More
Foreign policy in Germany
Much of what has been happening in Scotland has been uplifting. Citizens the length and breadth of the land have looked into their souls. Some have found Braveheart and the story of English oppression, others David Hume and Adam Smith, figures who defied a Scottishness constrained by geography.
There has been a fierce debate about whether nations are necessarily diminished by the absence of statehood, and about the thin line between honourable patriotism and xenophobic nationalism.
The arguments have been rehearsed and reheard over and again in the genteel Georgian terraces of Edinburgh, in the crumbling housing estates of Scotland’s old industrial belt and on the wild moors of the highlands. The polls suggest that the unionists have won the day, but by a margin too small to be trusted.
It is hard not to see this as a celebration of democracy. Some 97 per cent of eligible Scots have registered to vote. More than 80 per cent may cast a vote in a country where there is nothing unusual about a 50 per cent turnout.
To follow the campaign has been to grasp the depth of honestly held convictions. Among those supporting Alex Salmond ’s call for independence are many who disavow the label of nationalist while craving government closer to the people. There are people who will mark their papers with a Yes not because they hate the English, but because they want to shape a society more modelled on Scandinavia than winner-takes-all Anglo-American capitalism.
Among unionists there are those who feel with passion that the achievements, values and institutions of Britain belong to Scotland as much as to England. The case for solidarity was made most eloquently by Gordon Brown, the former British prime minister. No one could gainsay Mr Brown’s Scottishness; few have spoken with such force about wearing this identity along with Britishness.
In depth
Further reading
Some of the debate has been more prosaic. The absence of David Cameron has been a reminder of how far the Conservatives have fallen since Margaret Thatcher used Scotland as a laboratory for her liberal ideologies. The prime minister has paid only a handful of visits. The most potent nationalist slogan declared that a Yes vote would mean “No more Tory governments – ever”.
Austerity has not helped the British cause. Scotland, as Mr Salmond has proclaimed when making his case for its viability as an independent state, is one of the UK’s richest regions. It has oil. It also relies more heavily than most on state spending, so suffers disproportionately from cuts. Scare stories about an English threat to the National Health Service have fallen on well-tilled ground. Unionists promise further devolution of authority to the parliament at Holyrood, but some Scots have not believed them.
All this has been watched with bafflement and anxiety by Britain’s friends. Spain is far from alone in worrying that an independent Scotland would see secessionist flags flying high across Europe. The US, incredulous as to how a British government could let things get this far, frets about the cohesion of the western alliance in the wake of the implosion of its most loyal ally.
The Europeans especially are right to be worried, whatever the final outcome. The continent has found peace for more than half a century in a patchwork of multi-ethnic states. The kaleidoscope is spinning again. If Britain splinters, the roar of primitive nationalism will be heard across Europe.
Mr Salmond started out with the promise of an inclusive nationalism: self-government in Scotland would not be at the expense of warm ties with the rest of Britain. It was a smokescreen, replaced more recently with a campaign that has carried an air of menace and an undercurrent of intimidation.
The heart of the nationalist case has been one deployed by populists everywhere – the politics of grievance and identity, of a nation done down by foreigners. This has seen nationalists shout down unionists as quislings and insist that Scottishness does not allow for any other allegiance. It is the demonisation of the “other”.
Populism finds its loudest voice in any angry call to arms against the political establishment. In Scotland, this means Westminster; for American nativists it is Washington; and for Marine Le Pen’s xenophobes in France read Brussels and Muslims. We have been here before.
There is no easy answer. Anyone sensible who has been watching events in Scotland will draw unnerving conclusions. If today’s elites do not provide more closely accountable government they will be swept aside by the politics of exclusion. A globalisation that enriches the richest and impoverishes the rest is not sustainable. The case for open, inclusive societies has to be remade.
Internationalism defined the second half of the 20th century; nationalism has elbowed its way back into the 21st.

Oracle s Larry Ellison Stepping Down as CEOoracle s larry ellison stepping down as ceo
Poroshenko urges US to arm UkrainePoroshenko addresses Congress to urge US to arm Ukraine
By Geoff Dyer in Washington and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2e48d958-3f55-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ADREES LATIF / Reutersadrees latif / reuters
Thomas Lohnes / Getty Images filethomas lohnes / getty images file
Scotland votes to preserve the unionSeptember 19, 2014 9:27 am
Scotland votes to preserve the union
The work of constitutional change for the United Kingdom is not over
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/306827ca-3fd2-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

With Fed uncertainty at bay  23 multibagger ideas for 3-5 yearsAnalyst
(The statement came as a relief…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets bounced back smartly after the US Federal Reserve said it would keep interest rates at near-zero levels for "some considerable time".
Reacting to the news yesterday, the S&P BSE Sensex rallied nearly 500 points; but most of the gains registered were on the back of short covering. In fact, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) sold Rs 9.57 crore in equities, as per provisional data.
The statement came as a relief to investors and traders, who covered their aggressive short positions built ahead of the event, driving the Sensex above 27,000 on Thursday.
But analysts are confident of the fact that the breakout has indeed started a new big up move in the markets and we are firmly on track to hit fresh record highs.
On Thursday, Mark Mobius, Executive Chairman, Templeton EM Group, said in an interview with ET Now that India is now walking on a longer-term bull market and as Modi carries out reforms and becomes more effective in making the changes he would like to make, this will strengthen the capital markets in India.
"India is the second largest of our holdings after China. Thailand is a pie in our Asian funds, but among our global funds, India is right up there along with Brazil," he added. Mobius expects to increase allocations as we go forward.
The S&P BSE Sensex has rallied over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, helped by a strong support by foreign institutional investors which have already made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market.
Most analysts expect the first US Federal Reserve rate hike not before the second half of 2015. Higher US interest rate or expectation of that will definitely have some impact on emerging markets in the form of capital outflows.
"In 2015, we are entering into a phase where India will be cutting interest rates and the US will be raising them. This has never been the case since India's economic liberalization. This will bring a lot of volatility in Indian markets," said Yogesh Nagaonkar, VP-Institutional Equities, Bonanza Institutional Equities.
"With the Fed raising rates in 2015, there will be a round of sell-off in the EMs, but India would be least effected among them. This is primarily because of India's improving economy & reducing fiscal deficit situation," he added.
With Fed tapering and ending of QE, crude oil prices are coming down which is a positive for India. Along with that GDP has bottomed out and with reduction in interest rates in India, analysts see the markets headed for a massive rally ahead.
India has managed to outperform its emerging markets peers with both the Sensex and the Nifty rallying over 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, but the rally is not over yet, says Varun Goel, Head-PMS, Karvy who expects the Sensex to hit 1,00,000 by 2020.
Goel has arrived at a Sensex target of 29,300 based on 16 times FY16 earnings by Diwali and would be a buyer at every dip. He also maintains his year 2020 target of 100,000 on the Sensex.
For FY15, Goel expects a Sensex EPS growth around of 15%. He also expects earnings growth to accelerate once investment activity is revived and average around 20-25 per cent for the next several years.
We have collated a list of 23 multi-bagger ideas from various analysts for a period of next 3-5 years:
 
Dipan Mehta, Member, BSE and NSE
Stocks such as MindTree, Bajaj Auto Finance, Balkrishna Industries, Havells India, SKS Micro Finance, Sintex, Glenmark, Jyothy Lab, Sun Pharma, PTC India, PTC Financial Services, LMW, Bharti Infratel, and Voltas are gems. We are confident that these companies can grow by 15 per cent compounded over the next 3-5 years.
Vikas V Gupta - Executive Vice President at ArthVeda Fund Management Pvt Ltd
Current price to book ratio is 2.9 for the Nifty. Further, there is significant mispricing at these valuation levels. So expected returns of the Nifty are high and the chances of beating the Nifty are still higher for a systematic value investing strategy. However, most fund managers are unlikely to achieve that.
Here are a few multi-bagger ideas; HT Media, Balmer Lawrie Investments, Bharat Electronics Ltd, Oil India and Bharat Heavy Electricals.
Yogesh Nagaonkar, VP, Institutional Equities at Bonanza Institutional Equities
Caplin Point: We have released a research report on Caplin Point a few months back. The company is into injectibles and is a major player in the Latin American markets where any other Indian pharma company has not yet entered in a big way. It's a small cap company and has given 300% returns since then. This stock still has huge potential going ahead.
Suven Lifesciences: We also like Suven Lifesciences which is giving 22% ROE since the last 2 years and is poised to grow in a big way in the coming 2-3 years.
TV Today: We have seen exponential PAT growth in TV Today since FY14 and the stock is also poised for a huge leap in the coming years.
Jayant Manglik, President - Retail Distribution at Religare Securities Limited
PTC India: One of the multi bagger idead is PTC India which has a 40% share of the power trading market. It continues to focus on long-term power purchase agreements which will help increase margins. It is also targeting neighbouring countries for cross-border power transfer.
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Shares of Indiabulls Power surge 5 per centShares of Indiabulls Power surge 5 per cent
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 17:31 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Indiabulls Power surged by its maximum daily limit of 5 per cent at the Bombay Stock Exchange on Thursday.
Financial services company Motilal Oswal initiated coverage with a "buy" rating and set a target of Rs 21 for the stock, citing capacity expansion and "compelling" valuations as key reasons.
Shares of the scrip closed at Rs 12.89 a piece on the BSE, up 0.61 points (or 4.97 per cent).
(Reuters)

UCO Bank examines ways to declare Kingfisher Airlines wilful defaulterUCO Bank mulls tagging KFA a wilful defaulter
Somasroy Chakraborty | Kolkata Sep 20, 2014 12:45 AM IST
State-run lender UCO Bank is “examining” ways to declare Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) a wilful defaulter.
“We are examining the possibility,” Arun Kaul, chairman and managing director, told reporters on the sidelines of an event organised by CII here on Friday. UCO Bank is one of the 17 lenders to now grounded Kingfisher Airlines. The airline had borrowed around Rs 6,500 crore from the consortium of lenders, led by the State Bank of India. UCO Bank’s loan exposure to KFA is estimated at over Rs 300 crore.
ALSO READ:  UBI declares Mallya wilful defaulter
 
United Bank of India (UBI) has already declared Kingfisher Airlines a wilful defaulter, while SBI has served it with a show cause notice seeking explanation as to why it should not be named a wilful defaulter.
The airline company has contested the moves.
ALSO READ:  What makes Mallya a 'wilful defaulter'? All you need to know about wilful defaults
A borrower is declared a wilful defaulter if he/she does not repay the dues despite having the capacity to do so. Also, a borrower is classified a wilful defaulter if he/she  does not repay the loan and has siphoned off the funds or used the money for purpose other than the one for which the loan was availed. Once an entity or an individual is declared a wilful defaulter, they are debarred from availing finance from banks and financial institutions. Lenders can also initiate the legal proceedings against wilful defaulters.
Separately, Kaul said the bank is yet to hear from RBI on the findings of the recently conducted forensic audit conducted at UCO Bank.

US Shale success prompts ONGC action on unconventional energyUS shale success prompts ONGC action on unconventional energy
Jyoti Mukul | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 03:15 PM IST
Oil & Natural Gas Corporation today said it has prioritised exploration and exploitation of unconventional energy sources. It said the success of US in shale gas has set off a worldwide push for tapping the unconventional sources.
"In FY 2013-14, we drilled the first shale well at Jambusar, Cambay Basin, Gujarat, and total seven wells so far in the same basin. In the process, we have established the presence of shale gas in the Cambay basin," ONGC chairman DK Saraf said in his address to shareholders at the company's annual general meeting today.
The company had earlier established the presence of shale gas in the Damodar basin in West Bengal even before the announcement of shale gas policy by the Government of India.
To position itself suitably in green energy initiatives, it is close to commissioning its second wind power farm of 102 MW in Rajasthan, while the first such unit of 51MW in Gujarat is already generating power since 2009.
ONGC Energy Centre, a trust set up by the company to pursue novel energy options, is pursuing high-end research and development in the area of alternative energy sources like geothermal, hydrogen, uranium etc.

Govt caps prices of 36 more drugsGovt caps prices of 36 more drugs
Reuters | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 03:11 PM IST
Government has capped the prices of 36 drugs, including those used to treat infections and diabetes, in its latest move to make essential medicines more affordable, a senior official of the country's drug pricing authority said on Friday.
The medicines join the 348 drugs deemed essential which are also subject to price caps. Drug price control has become a particularly contentious issue in India, where drugmakers say prices are already among the lowest in the world.
Drugmakers, including Cipla Ltd
, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd
, and Cadila Healthcare Ltd
are among the companies that will be affected by the latest decision, research firm AIOCD Pharmasofttech AWACS Pvt Ltd said.
An official at the department of pharmaceuticals, which controls the drug pricing authority, confirmed the price cap move, but declined to give details.
 

Despite Friday falls  markets sustain longest rally since Feb 2012Despite Friday falls, markets sustain longest rally since Feb 2012
Tulemino Antao & Indrani Mazumdar | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 03:55 PM IST
Benchmark indices Sensex and Nifty may have ended flat on Friday but the close of day also marked their sixth straight week of gains, led largely by IT majors and Tata Group equities that rallied on upgrades from rating agency Moody's. 
The last time Indian markets clocked such sustained gains was between January 2 and February 9 in 2012, when both indices kept up a seven-week rally.
Today, the 30-share Sensex lost 22 points to close at 27,090, while the 50-share Nifty gained 7 points to end at 8,121.
 
In the broader market, the BSE mid-cap index ended flat with a positive bias while small-cap index ended 0.6% higher.
 
Market breadth ended negative with 1,600 losers and 1,449 gainers on the BSE.
 
Overseas investors continued to repose faith in Indian equities, buying index futures worth $106.22 million on Thursday, NSE data showed. Foreign banks bought debt worth Rs 18.93 billion ($311.7 million), according to CCIL data.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee is trading at 60.7500/7550, up from Thursday's close of 60.83/84, driven primarily by hopes of continued foreign fund buying in shares and bonds after the US Fed yesterday said it would keep interest rates at zero for the foreseeable future.
 
Across The Globe:
 
The British pound rose sharply after a Scottish referendum on independence voted to stay with the United Kingdom, while Wall Street's overnight gains and Alibaba Group's scorcher of an initial public offering underpinned Asian shares.
 
Japanese stocks soared to a seven-year high on Friday after the yen dropped sharply following the Scottish vote that prevented a break-up of the United Kingdom.
 
Afternoon comments by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to carry out pension reform as soon as possible bolstered an already upbeat sentiment.
 
The Nikkei share average ended 1.6% higher at 16,321.08, the highest closing level since 2007 and just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers in September 2008. It was the biggest daily percentage gain in a month, and was up 2.3% for the week. During the session, the index easily topped a December 30, 2013, high of 16,320.22.
 
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, the BSE IT index was the top gainer, rising 1.5% followed by Teck and Healthcare indices which traded between 0.4-1%. However, FMCG, Oil & Gas, Realty, Metal, Power, Auto and Capital Goods indices lost their sheen, falling between 0.5% and 2%. Both Bankex and Healthcare index ended flat with a negative bias.
 
Shares of Tata Group companies, with the exception of Tata Motors, ended up to 3% higher on the BSE after global rating agency Moody's upgraded the debt ratings for many group firms including Tata Motors, Tata Steel and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS).
 
In the technology pack, IT major Infosys ended Friday with marginal losses, ignoring news that the company widened collaboration with Microsoft and Hitachi Data Systems, a move that is in line with chief executive Vishal Sikka's vision to strengthen software offerings and expand global alliances.
 
However, India's third largest IT firm Wipro ended nearly 1% higher, continuing its rally of the past few trading sessions after securing a contract from Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company (SEC) for implementing and rolling out plant maintenance and project system functionality of SAP ERP application.
 
In the healthcare space, drug maker Sun Pharma extended its rally and inched up marginally in today’s trade up nearly 0.5% after the company entered into a licensing agreement with Merck & Co Inc for investigational therapeutic antibody candidate, Tildrakizumab to be used for treatment of plaque psoriasis, a skin ailment.
 
Cipla, too, ended 1% higher after it signed an agreement with American company Salix Pharmaceuticals, under which Cipla has granted Salix exclusive rights over certain patent applications in the 'Rifaximin Complexes' patents owned by Cipla. The grant is on a worldwide basis, excluding the countries of Asia (other than Japan) and Africa. Following the tandem, Dr Reddy’s Lab ended nearly 1% higher.
 
Metal shares which surged recently after China's economic stimulus raised hopes of a boost in demand in the world's largest consumer of metals continued to trade higher in Friday's trade. Coal India, Hindalco and Tata Steel were up between 0.5-1%. However, Sesa Sterlite ended the session in the red, albeit marginally.
 
Cigarette maker and Index heavyweight ITC gained nearly 1% on fresh buying.
 
In the financial segment, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and the HDFC twins climbed between 0.5-1.5% on renewed buying. 
 
Bharti Airtel ended its session marginally in the positive territory. The company is obliged to spend Rs 436 crore for merging Airtel Broadband Services with itself towards differential spectrum cost and migration fee.
 
In the Capital Goods segment, engineering conglomerate L&T lost over 2% in today’s trade. BHEL was down 1% despite winning an order worth over Rs 3,500 crore for setting up a thermal power project in Gujarat.
 
In the Oil and Gas space, Oil majors RIL and ONGC slumped 1% and 2% each. 
 
The Auto pack ended lower today with M&M, Tata Motors and Hero Motocorp down between 1-1.5% on account of profit taking.
 
GAIL, HUL and SBI were some of the notable names that ended in the red at the end of Friday's trading. 
 
Suzlon Energy lost 10% to close at Rs 20.40 on the BSE with no buyers on the counter. Fresh shares of the company that were allotted on conversion of foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) started trading today.
 
Archies ended nearly 7% higher to Rs 33, after hitting a 52-week high of Rs 35.30, following acquisition of the company's shares by a private firm through a bulk deal on the National Stock Exchange.
 
Aegis Logistics surged 9% to Rs 401 on NSE, ahead of board meeting today, 19 September 2014, to consider and approve sale of a minority stake in one of company’s subsidiary.

Free internet is becoming a way to get people to buy phonesFree internet isn't always what it's cracked up to be.(Reuters/Anindito Mukherjee)
SHARE
Leo Mirani @lmirani
September 19, 2014
In the West, where mobile operators sell phones alongside service contracts, the proposition to customers goes something like this: Buy your talktime, texts, and data from us, and in return we will give you a free—or heavily subsidized—smartphone.
In the rest of the world, where mobile services are mostly prepaid, customers generally pay for their phones and cellular service separately. That’s beginning to change, but with the bundling proposition flipped. Increasingly, mobile operators and device makers are teaming up to offer free internet access to customers who buy their phones.
The latest to join the free-internet bandwagon is Datawind, the company behind the much-hyped $20 tablet . The Canadian-Indian start-up plans to sell smartphones in India for Rs. 2,000 ($32)—with free internet for life . Meanwhile, Google this week announced the first set of its Android One devices, all of which come with 200 MB of data free—as long as you use that data to download apps on Google Play.
That’s the tricky bit with “free” internet. It very rarely turns out to live up to that billing. Take the Steppa , a phone sold by South African mobile operator MTN. It sells for under $50 and comes “bundled with an MTN PayAsYouGo starter pack including free social and email smartphone services.” That is a very limited piece of the internet.
MTN’s plan is about getting customers to use social—and, later, more data that they pay for. Google’s Android One phones in India, which retail for about $105, are about pushing customers to use Google services. The details of Datawind’s plan aren’t clear (Datawind said the price and free internet access duration will be announced when the product is launched in a few weeks), but since it is operators who will set the terms, expect similar restrictions. And the company may also be thinking about including advertising, if its business plan for its earlier tablets is any indication.
All these companies will tell you that their efforts are aimed at reducing costs and putting the internet in the hands of billions more people. That is certainly a noble goal. But the devices that are shoved into people’s hands have so far offered them only a cloistered version of the web.
Share this:

Witty comes out fighting GSKs cornerGSK’s Witty fights back amid bribery scandal and profit warning
By Andrew Ward, Pharmaceuticals Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f7869406-1564-11e4-ae2e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Expats should read GSK potboiler carefullyExpats in China should read GSK potboiler carefully
By Tom Mitchell
GSK case has increased the risk factor for foreign executives
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/22b36982-0b11-11e4-be06-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sex tape adds to murk of GSK China scandalSex tape adds to murk of GSK China scandal
By Andrew Ward, Pharmaceuticals Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a980ca70-ff92-11e3-9a4a-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gates Foundation offers $ 7L for J&K flood r...Gates Foundation announces $ 7 lakh towards J&K flood relief
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 06.10PM IST
Tags:
Bill Gates
(The help came in response…)
NEW DELHI: American business tycoon and philanthropist Bill Gates , co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation today announced an emergency relief fund of $ 700,000 for the flood victims of Jammu and Kashmir.
The help came in response to a request from Minister of State for Personnel Jitendra Singh, who hails from Jammu and Kashmir.
The announcement was made by Gates when he called on Singh here to discuss mutually shared areas of interest.
Singh and Gates talked about shared areas of focus, including the existing Memorandum of Understanding between the Foundation and the Department of Biotechnology/Biotechnology Industry Research Assistance Council ( BIRAC ) for their Grand Challenges initiative.
The Foundation's Grand Challenges in Global Health initiative fosters scientific and technological innovation to solve key health problems in the developing world.
This initiative promotes Indian innovations in the areas such as sanitation and malnutrition, to help all children survive, thrive and reach their full potential, an official release said.
"I share the minister's belief in the power of technology to change the world and I applaud his commitment on harnessing the power of Indian innovation to save lives, through initiatives such as Reinvent The Toilet Challenge: India ," Gates said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Humanism is BJP s ideology  Harsh Vardhan reacts to Modi s statementHumanism is BJP's ideology, Harsh Vardhan reacts to Modi's statement
CNN-IBN | Sep 19, 2014 at 05:52pm
The patriotism of Indian Muslims cannot be questioned, asserted Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his first ever international interview since assuming office.
Anand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Bankers confident of 15% credit growth in FY15Bankers expect 15% credit growth in FY15
BS Reporter | Kolkata Sep 20, 2014 12:47 AM IST
Bankers are confident that loan demand will revive in the second half of this financial year, allowing lenders to register credit growth at 15 per cent in 2014-15.
“We are hopeful of a pick-up in credit demand with the festival season beginning. While no fresh projects are coming in, we are seeing good demand from retail, SME and farm sectors. I think it is possible for the industry to grow credit at 14-15 per cent in the current financial year,” Arun Kaul, CMD said at a conference organised by Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) here on Friday.
A similar view was echoed by RK Dubey, chairman and managing director of Canara Bank. “Our priority sector loans have grown by 30 per cent, MSME by 30 per cent and retail by 40 per cent. We expect retail loan demand to pick-up further,” he said.
Bankers, however, admitted that corporates continue to shy away from availing bank credit.
“There is no pick-up in investment demand. We will lend (to the corporate sector) provided we get good proposals. We have surplus liquidity now. But we won’t like to add to our non-performing assets,” Dubey said.
For the fortnight ended September 5, annual credit growth in the banking system fell to 9.68 per cent, data released by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) showed. This was the first time since October 2009 (9.01 per cent) that growth in bank credit fell below 10 per cent.

Five takeaways from Alibabas pricingFive takeaways from Alibaba’s pricing
By Nicole Bullock, Sarah Mishkin and Sujeet Indap
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0f8dfb80-3f8f-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maharashtra polls: Shiv Sena-BJP backroom meeting begins over seat-sharing27
0
Mumbai: Leaders of the Shiv Sena and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) are holding a backroom meeting at a residential complex in south Mumbai over seat-sharing in the Maharashtra Assembly elections.
Shiv Sena leaders Aditya Thackeray, Subash Desai and Anil Desai are meeting the BJP's OP Mathur.
This apparently is the first time a member of the Thackeray family is holding a political meet outside the Sena residence, Matoshree.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #shiv sena #bjp #seat sharing
The two parties are at loggerheads over the number of seats they will contest from the state. While the BJP has demanded 135 seats, Shiv Sena is willing to concede only 119.
The two parties are also divided on the Chief Ministerial candidate. While the Shiv Sena has backed its chief Uddhav Thackeray for the post, no matter what the outcome of the polls, the BJP has said that a member of the single largest party should get the position.
0

As Xi Jinping leaves Delhi  traffic returns to its normal paceSep 19, 2014 at 06:53pm IST
As Xi Jinping leaves Delhi, traffic returns to its normal pace
15
0
New Delhi: Traffic in many parts of the capital city returned to its normal pace on Friday afternoon after Chinese President Xi Jinping wound up his three-day official visit and left for home.
Traffic remained tied in knots in parts of the national capital for the second straight day on Friday due to the Chinese president's engagements in the city.
Like on Thursday, traffic crawled on several roads since morning as parts of New Delhi and central Delhi were made out-of-bounds for common commuters till 2 pm.
Traffic returned to its normal pace on Friday afternoon after Chinese President Xi Jinping left for home.
#xi jinping #chinese president #delhi traffic #vvip movements
The helpline number of traffic police kept buzzing with complaints. "The complaint calls were coming from across the city as both the carriageways of several roads were stopped due to VVIP movements," said a traffic helpline operator.
Motorists who were coming towards NH-8 from Dwarka and Gurgaon and going to New Delhi faced traffic congestions on Rao Tula Ram Marg, Moti Bagh crossing, and Shanti Path. The situation was the same on the Ridge Road.
To facilitate safe and smooth movement of the VVIPs and their carcade, Sardar Patel Marg was also closed for intermittent periods.
Traffic returned to normal after Xi's departure.
1

Rs 20 crore allocated to commemorate the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal NehruSep 19, 2014 at 06:35pm IST
Rs 20 crore allocated to commemorate the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru
13
0
New Delhi: The Ministry of Culture on Friday said Rs 20 crore has been allocated for various projects to commemorate the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru this year.
"The plans are to release postal stamps, renovate Nehru memorial and publish books on Nehru to celebrate the day," Ravindra Singh, secretary, said at a conference highlighting the achievements and initiatives of the culture ministry in the 100 days of the government.
"For this, Rs 20 crore have been allocated," he added.
Rs 20 crore has been allocated for various projects to commemorate the 125th birth anniversary of Jawaharlal Nehru.
The culture ministry is the nodal ministry for carrying out activities related to the commemoration.
Jawaharlal Nehru's birth anniversary November 14 is observed every year as Children's Day.
The ministry will also celebrate the birth centenary of Indian ghazal and thumri singer Begum Akhtar.
A national implementation committee for the Komagata Maru incident has also been constituted.
The Komagata Maru was a Japanese ship hired by a Malaysia-based wealthy Sikh Gurdit Singh in 1914 to bring 376 Indians, mostly Sikhs, into Canada to challenge racist laws of that time.
But when the ship reached Vancouver via Hong Kong, its passengers were not allowed to disembark for two months and then forcibly sent back to India where 20 of them were shot dead by the police on arrival in Calcutta.
This incident's 100th anniversary falls in 2014.
Its inaugural function will be held on September 29, while Begum Akhtar's birthday will be celebrated on October 7.
4

India primed for best ever showing in squash at AsiadIndia primed for best ever showing in squash at Asiad
Kharif crop output estimates lower  but could improve: MinistryA shortfall in rain from the delayed monsoon is likely to see total crop production fall from the highs seen last year.
New Delhi, Sept. 19:  
The first advance Kharif foodgrain production estimates released by the Government here on Friday projected a decline of over 7 per cent due to deficient monsoon rains, compared with the record highs seen last year. The Ministry said that the Kharif sowing coverage was as per the average of the past five years, and only 3 per cent lower than last year.
According to the Agriculture Ministry’s preliminary estimates, foodgrain production stands at 120.27 million tonnes (mt), a reduction of nearly 10 mt from the fourth advance estimate of 129.24 mt last year. The estimate for rice (88.02 mt) is considerably lower than the fourth advance estimate from the last Kharif season, which stood at 91.69 mt.
“Focusing on a particular number at this stage would be premature. These are conservative estimates,” said Agriculture Secretary Ashish Bahuguna at an event outlining the Ministry’s achievements in the first 100 days of its tenure.
Bahuguna said the decline in rice production, despite similar acreage as last season, could be attributed to the first half of the monsoon being poor, which resulted in late sowing, and consequent floods in parts of Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Assam that further adversely affected productivity.
“Let’s also appreciate that the duration of the Kharif and Rabi seasons are not the same across the country. There is still a lag in sowing in the South, in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh, so the area will keep increasing. But, let’s be clear, the figure we have provided is likely to rise over the next few months,” he added.
Earlier, Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh commended the efforts of the country’s farmers and the proactive approach of officials to deal with challenges posed by the delayed monsoon. “The deficit was 43 per cent in June and by July, it came down to 22 per cent. We took important measures and prepared contingency plans for 571 districts. As a result, sowing coverage is just 3 per cent lower than last year,” he said.
Singh said output for maize would be 16.03 mt against last year’s fourth advance estimate of 17.68 mt. Pulses output have been pegged at 5.20 mt, lower than the 6.02 mt fourth advance estimate from 2013-14. Tur and moong production were likely to be around 2.74 mt and 0.71 mt, both registering a decline from 3.29 mt and 0.98 mt last year. The production of Urad, the other major Kharif pulse, is expected to be higher than last year’s fourth advance estimate, at 1.15 mt as against 1.07 mt.
Total oilseed output is reckoned to decrease to 19.7 mt from 22.4 mt as estimated last year. Groundnut production, in particular, is likely to be hit with a nearly 3 mt reduction at 5.02 mt against 7.81 mt as per last year’s fourth advance estimate.
Cotton production will also see a likely decrease with production expected to 346 lakh bales of 170 kg each, down from 366 lakh bales estimated last year. Jute and Mesta is are estimated at 113.43 lakh bales of 180 kg each while they were reckoned at 115.80 lakh bales in 2013-14. Sugarcane production, on the back of 12-13 per cent reduction in Tamil Nadu, is estimated at 342.79 mt. Last year’s fourth advance estimates were pegged at 350.02 mt.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

ING Vysya s heads of operations  retail banking quitING Vysya's heads of operations, retail banking quit
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 07:06 PM IST
Private sector lender ING Vysya today said its heads for operations and branch banking have quit, and have announced their replacements.
Head of operations A Meenakshi will be leaving the bank on November 30, it said in a statement. Ashok Rao B has been appointed as the chief operating officer effective October 1.
Country head of the branch banking, marketing and private client group Brett Morgan has also decided to move back to Australia to pursue new opportunities from October 13, it said.
Morgan has been replaced by two executives, who will be heading the retail liabilities and marketing functions, respectively.
The bank said Meenakshi was instrumental in "consolidating operations as a robust and independent delivery platform", while Morgan accelerated "the digital and primary bank journey for the retail banking division".
Ambuj Chandna has been appointed as the chief distribution officer in-charge of retail liabilities, while Sonalee Panda will be the new chief marketing officer.
The bank also appointed Anantha Raman R as its chief auditor.

No  long or short march  can derail democrac...Democracy
( Embattled Pakistan Prime…)
ISLAMABAD: Embattled Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif today hit back at protesters, saying no "long or short march" can derail the government, even as Imran Khan vowed to continue his sit-in indefinitely till the Premier resigns.
Sharif, while addressing the joint session of the Parliament convened to support the Premier and discuss the current impasse, said, "the plans of nefarious elements in the country have been foiled in Parliament."
He said the government had the option of evicting the protesters from the capital but use of force could harm women and children being used as "human shields" by the protesting groups.
"The prevailing situation has made Pakistan a laughing stock...These people will have to face a public court and answer for what they have done," Sharif said.
"No long march or short march can derail us from our mission of upholding democracy ," the Prime Minister said.
Highlighting the problems the sit-ins have caused, especially with regard to visits by international leaders, Sharif said, "Today the Chinese president is in India, when he was supposed to be here, in Pakistan."
Sharif also slammed the protesters for raking the issue of rigging months after the general election last year, "I went to meet Imran Khan at his Bani Gala residence...he didn't speak of any complaints regarding rigging...I do not understand where this rigging issue came from and how Imran is now on Constitution Avenue calling to wrap up the Parliament."
Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) Chairman Khan and fiery cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri of the Pakistan Awami Tehreek have been protesting against Pakistan government since August 14, demanding Sharif's ouster. Khan wants Sharif's resignation over alleged rigging in last year's poll which his party lost, while Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country.
Khan, while addressing his supporters in front of the Parliament last night, said his committee of negotiators had categorically told the opposition jirga that there would be no dialogue with the government until the release of PTI workers.
"I am ready to sit with the protesters at the sit-in for one year but will not leave the place without the Prime Minister's resignation," Khan said.
"These 35 days at the sit-in were the best days of my 18-year political career and I enjoy every moment of it. There will be no worry if I don't become Prime Minister, but it will bring great happiness to me that I have succeeded in creating awareness among the people for achieving their rights."
Meanwhile, Qadri warned the government to avoid any crackdown on his group's workers.
"Mr Nawaz Sharif, if you try to arrest my supporters I will not spare you," Qadri said last night.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Russian brewer buys Past Blue RibbonRussian brewer buys Pabst Blue Ribbon
By Aaron Smith   @AaronSmithCNN September 19, 2014: 11:55 AM ET
 
History to hipster: Ballantine IPA
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
A Russian brewer is taking over American icon Pabst Blue Ribbon.
Oasis Beverages, which is based in Russia, said on Friday it's signed a deal to acquire Pabst Brewing Company, which is headquartered in Los Angeles.
Pabst traces its roots to 1844 and owns a number of well-known American beer brands, including Pabst Blue Ribbon, Old Milwaukee, Schlitz and the malt liquor Colt 45. It recently resurrected one of the most popular beers of the mid twentieth century, Ballantine India Pale Ale .
Oasis, which also has brewing operations in Ukraine , Belarus and Kazakhstan, did not disclose the terms of the deal, except to say that the investment company TSG Consumer Partners has a minority stake.
Oasis said it will not change any of the Pabst brands.
"There are definitely NO plans to change any of the recipes of the brands," said an Oasis staffer, in an email to CNNMoney. "The entire team at Pabst including the Head Brewer Greg Deuhs will continue to focus on maintaining the classic recipes and consistent quality of all Pabst products. NO CHANGES WHATSOEVER."
Related: Beer giants SABMiller and AB InBev brewing up a deal
Eugene Kashper, chairman of the Oasis Beverages Board, said Pabst headquarters will remain in LA.
"The opportunity to work with the company's treasure trove of iconic brands, some of which I started my career selling, is a dream come true," said Kashper, who started his career 20 years ago with The Stroh Brewery Company.
The Pabst company is being sold by C. Dean Metropoulos, which also owns Hostess Brands, best known for its Twinkies.
Pabst's "blue ribbon" title comes from having won a competition at the World's Fair in Chicago in 1893. The label on the can boasts that the beer was dubbed "America's Best" at the famous fair.
Related: Hipster alert: Ballantine is coming back
A relatively inexpensive beer brewed in Milwaukee, Pabst has enjoyed a jump in popularity in recent years since it was rediscovered by hipsters.
The company has also tried to keep up with the times and recently launched Blast, a high-alcohol Four Loko competitor pitched by Snoop Dogg .
First Published: September 19, 2014: 10:16 AM ET
Most Popular

Vice President Biden Delivers Remarks at Women s Leadership ForumSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
EXPLORE.org - Blue Cavern Underwater Cam
RADAR: Severe Storms and Heavy Rain Moving Across...
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

BJP-Shiv Sena alliance of 25 years on verge of collapsePrint
Mumbai: The 25-year-old alliance between the BJP and the Shiv Sena was on the verge of collapse Friday with both parties adopting a tough stance on the issue of seat-sharing for the Oct 15 state assembly elections, party officials said.
Both the warring partners are holding a series of crucial meetings during the day to take a final call on continuing the alliance.
"It's on the verge of breaking - Only a formal announcement is awaited," a senior state Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader, requesting anonymity, told IANS early Friday.
Similarly, a senior Shiv Sena functionary hinted to IANS that the alliance "is over", but the party has decided to wait for further developments before declaring its stand.
However, a ray of hope emerged Friday morning for the feuding partners with union Minister Nitin Gadkari meeting Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi over the issue.
Gadkari is expected to arrive in Mumbai Friday afternoon with a compromise formula intended to save the alliance.
The crux of the issue is primarily seat-sharing, besides projecting Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray as the next chief ministerial candidate.
The BJP is demanding both parties contest 135 seats each with the remaining 18 in the house of 288 being allotted to other smaller alliance partners.
The Shiv Sena's latest offer is 119 seats to the BJP, including the share of the other smaller partners, which the BJP rejected outright.
There has also been no commitment from the BJP on who the next chief ministerial candidate will be or from which party.
After BJP president Amit Shah gave indications in his public rallies in the state Thursday that the "BJP will form the next government" without mentioning its allies, the party reportedly served a 24-hour 'ultimatum', which Shiv Sena dismissed late Thursday night.
The Shiv Sena also resolved after an emergency meeting that any final decision on the issue - to snap ties or to continue the alliance - would be left to Uddhav Thackeray's discretion.
Both parties were fully prepared to start filing nominations of candidates from Saturday without finalising the contentious issue of seat-sharing between them.
The sharp tussle between the allies has suddenly changed the political scenario with optimism brewing in the ruling Congress-Nationalist Congress Party camps over their prospects in next month's elections.
As the BJP-Shiv Sena remained at daggers drawn, smaller partners like the Republican Party of India (A) and Swabhimani Sanghatana squirmed with apprehensions over their fate and future if the matter remained unresolved or the alliance collapsed.
The leaders of the smaller partners have been making desperate attempts to persuade both Shiv Sena and the BJP leadership to work out a compromise solution to the crisis.
Recommend

India s reserves fall $3 billion in two weeksIndia s reserves fall $3 billion in two weeks
Govt expects 7% drop in Kharif foodgrains production for 2014-15Govt expects 7% drop in Kharif foodgrains production for 2014-15
Decision on gas pricing to be out next week: GoyalDecision on gas pricing to be out next week: Goyal
MTNL not to infuse any fresh equity into Nepal VenturesMTNL not to infuse any fresh equity into Nepalese venture
Mansi Taneja | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 07:32 PM IST
State-run telecom firm MTNL has decided not to infuse any fresh equity into its Nepal's joint venture United Telecom Ltd (UTL) as it was not commercially viable.
MTNL has also proposed to sell its stake in the venture, which is being examined by the Department of Telecommunications (DoT). But, another proposal of bringing a rights issue was floated by the shareholders of UTL to fund the venture but MTNL decided not to invest further, according to a note by DoT.
UTL is a joint-venture between MTNL with 26.68% stake, Telecommunications Consultants India Limited (TCIL) and Tata Communications with 26.66% stake and Nepalese firm Nepal Ventures Pvt Ltd (NVL) with 20% stake.
MTNL, few months back, had roped in SBI Capital Markets to evaluate feasibility of investments in UTL.
In the recent shareholders meeting of UTL, it was also decided that NVL will pump in money of about NR 45 crore and be entitled to appoint one additional director with other shareholders remaining with one director each. Once, NVL reaches 51% of the total paid up capital, all shareholders will be entitled to appoint one director each subject to 10% of paid up capital.
The shareholders also agreed to increase the authorised capital to NR 600 crore. Apart from NVL, rest of the shareholders will have an option to exit after 2 years after giving a notice of 3 months, according to the note.
UTL, which was incorporated in 2001, offers service in 44 out of about 75 districts. Nepal's mobile services market is dominated by Swedish telecom major TeliaSonera's arm NCell with 57% market share and state-run Nepal Doorsanchar Company Limited with 43% market share.
UTL has a market share of only 2% in voice telephony with about 5 lakh customer base. The company is into landline business which has seen decline due to advent of mobile telephony business.

India Inc most optimistic among Asian corporates: Thomson ReutersIndia Inc most optimistic among Asian corporates: Thomson Reuters
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 07:06 PM IST
Despite a fall in overall business sentiment across Asia after the slowdown in China and Singapore, India Inc is still riding high on optimism with a latest survey showing it topping the optimism chart.
Domestic companies are the most positive with a maximum score of 100 for the second consecutive quarter after Narendra Modi was elected Prime Minister, according to Thomson Reuters/Insead Asia Business Sentiment survey released here today.
The survey polled 15 domestic companies and all of them are positive about their outlook.
This is in sharp contrast to the steep fall in business sentiment among Asia's top companies in the third quarter, weighed down by worries about Chinese slowdown, an end to the US Fed's stimulus and a decline in the outlook for regional economic hubs like Singapore, the survey said.
The sentiment index fell to 66 in the third quarter from 74 in the previous quarter as a whole in Asia, its steepest decline in three years, it added.
However, it is still positive as a reading above 50 indicates an overall positive outlook.
While Thailand is the second most positive with a score of 90, the worst sentiment is in Taiwan, which scored only 33, while China dropped to 50 from 67 and Singapore also showed a sharp drop from 67 to 50.
The survey pooled 200 of Asia-Pacific region's top companies in 11 economies across sectors including financials, property, resources and technology between September 1 and September 12.
Of the 120 companies which responded, 64% reported a neutral outlook, while 34% said they had a positive outlook and 1.67% were negative.

Apple Watch is more than a mere timepieceApple offers multiple choices. It comes in two sizes, a 38mm Silver Aluminum Case and a 42mm Stainless Steel Case, and three variants - the regular Watch, Watch Sport ("light and durable"), and Watch Edition (made from 18k gold).
PHOTO: Reuters

Factors you must consider before investing in company FDsAmit Kumar        Edition: September 2014
While bank FDs return 8-9% a year, company FDs offer one-two percentage points more (Photo: Reuters)
Debt investments offer assured returns, but little else. One problem is lack of options. The other is that the returns, although guaranteed, rarely beat inflation. Not to mention that apart from Public Provident Fund , few debt instruments provide tax exemptions; returns from all others are added to the investor's income and taxed according to the tax slab.
But there is a debt investment that provides a fair degree of safety and still gives double-digit return, even after taxation. Company fixed deposits, or FDs, have for long been living in the shadow of the humble but ubiquitous bank FDs. However, in recent years, investors have started taking a good hard look at company FDs too. Does it make sense to invest in them? And, if yes, what factors should you consider before putting your hard earned money in these instruments?
HIGHER RETURNS
While bank FDs return 8-9% a year, company FDs offer one-two percentage points more. In fact, some pay as much as 12.5% per annum. Experts say this is a win-win for both the company and the investor . Every company, big or small, has to raise capital at some point, and FDsare a good way of doing that.
In Good Company
Here are some company FDs which are offering the highest returns
"The other option is borrowing from banks, which is more expensive," says Anil Rego, CEO, Right Horizons. However, remember that compared to bank FDs, company FDs are riskier. The investor may lose his entire capital if the company defaults. In case of banks, deposits up to Rs 1 lakh are insured by the Deposit Insurance and Credit Guarantee Corp. So, before you put money in a company look at the quarterly and annual numbers and compare them with that of its rivals. Also, check the total debt and see if the company is in a position to service it comfortably without a big strain on its earnings.
RATINGS AND RETURNS
It is common for most company FDs to be rated. Crisil, which has been rating company deposits for over a long time now, gives FAAA as the highest rating, which denotes a high level of safety. "We arrive at the ratings after analysing the company's fundamentals over various parameters. Factors like industry outlook also play a small part, but the company's fundamentals remain the most important factor," says Rupali Shanker, director, CRISIL Ratings.
Experts say investors must avoid issues that are rated below AA. For example, the Kerala Transport Development Finance Corporation issue, which is paying 10.5% per annum, is not rated. In fact, experts say the interest rate is inversely proportional to the rating. "The stronger the rating, the less the chances of the issuer offering a high return," says Pankaaj Maalde, chief financial planner, apnapaisa.com. This explains why most top rated companies offer 10-11% per annum. "With good rating, companies are confident of getting subscribers," he says.
SHOULD YOU INVEST?
Company FDs have become popular over the past few years. As far as returns go, it is hard to argue against the desire to earn 10.5% against 9%, especially if the former is being offered by a reputed company with good ratings, which are a confirmation of its capability to repay the investor. However, check the fundamentals of the company and the sector before taking the plunge. Also, with online banking, a bank FD is available as per convenience, while an FD issue of a company that you are comfortable investing in may not be available all the time. Remember that FDs are tax-inefficient and, hence, their returns rarely beat inflation after taxation. This is because the interest earned is added to the income and taxed according to the person's tax slab.
Also, most company FDs have a long tenure . There is always a risk that the fortunes of companies may change for the worse during this period. Hence, longterm FDs will always remain risky irrespective of their ratings. For people looking to invest in a company while avoiding equity, NCDs (non-convertible debentures) are a good option. This is because most NCDs are secured.
Then there is the problem of liquidity. In bank FDs, you have the option of premature withdrawal by paying a penalty. But in company FDs, this can be a tricky affair. So, you have to be absolutely sure that you will not need the money in the coming days.

Self-proclaimed Apple addicts line up for iPhone 6 in NapervilleSelf-proclaimed Apple addicts line up for iPhone 6 in Naperville
Self-proclaimed Apple addicts line up for iPhone 6 in Naperville
Apple fans have already begun camping outside of the Apple Store in Naperville, Ill., on Sept. 18, 2014. (Chuck Berman, Chicago Tribune)
Apple fans have already begun camping outside of the Apple Store in Naperville, Ill., on Sept. 18, 2014. (Chuck Berman, Chicago Tribune)

Dave Weaver / AP Imagesdave weaver / ap images
Alibaba prices shares in IPO at $68Alibaba prices shares in IPO at $68
By Nicole Bullock in New York and Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bca355ee-3f7c-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scotland votes to reject independence  but the United Kingdom still may never be the same againBy Ilya Somin September 19
Scottish voters turned out in record numbers Thursday to deliver a vote to remain a part of the United Kingdom. British Prime Minister David Cameron vowed to grant the Scots greater autonomy. (AP)
The BBC reports that a majority of Scottish voters have chosen to reject independence and remain part of the United Kingdom. We may never know whether an independent Scotland would have become a showcase for social democracy or a more free market-oriented polity along the lines of post-independence Slovakia . We also won’t get to see whether independence would enhance Scottish culture or undermine it .
But the UK is unlikely to just return to business as usual. In their efforts to persuade the Scots to vote “no,” leaders of all three major British political parties promised greater devolution of power to Scotland . It may not be possible to give much greater autonomy to Scotland without also devolving greater authority to local and regional governments in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
And there is much disagreement about exactly how much devolution should occur and to whom . If the Scots don’t get as much devolution as they want, they might feel that they were fooled into voting “no” and demand another independence referendum. On the other hand, too much perceived favoritism to Scotland might alienate opinion elsewhere in the UK, which could scuttle the deal. For example, one of the promises made by the party leaders is a commitment to extending the “Barnett formula” for the distribution of central government funds, under which Scotland gets much more money per capita than the rest of the UK. But that is likely to prove very unpopular in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland. Even Lord Barnett himself – the former Labor Party minister for whom the formula is named – has denounced the idea . He has said that the formula “is unfair and should be stopped…. it is a national embarrassment and personally embarrassing to me as well.”
As a result of today’s referendum, the UK will probably become a more federal and decentralized polity than it is today. But there will be plenty of infighting before we see exactly how much more so. Scotland may not become independent, but Britain may never be the same again. Regardless of what happens, it will be an interesting time for scholars and others interested in federalism.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."

Everything you need to know about AlibabaMost stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer .
Morningstar: © 2014 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved.
Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.
Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2014 and/or its affiliates.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

Scots say  no  to independence; & global stock markets are loving itYou are here: Home > Collections > Scotland
Markets are loving the no vote in the Scottish referendum
Business Insider Sep 19, 2014, 03.57PM IST
Tags:
(The FTSE 100 is up 0.71 per…)
By Mike Bird
The anti-independence campaign in Scotland has triumphed, and markets are breathing a sigh of relief this morning. The pound is up 0.33% against the dollar, climbing as the result became increasingly obvious, now up to around $1.645, and the 5% selloff projected by FxPro's Angus Campbell has now been consigned to history's dustbin.
The FTSE 100 is up 0.71 per cent at the time of writing, with Scottish companies like Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management up by more than 1.5% and among the leaders of the index. RBS , which could have moved south in the result of a Yes vote, is up by more than 4%.
The pound's rally isn't over either, according to IHS Global Insight chief UK economist , Howard Archer, in a research note:
"We would expect to see a relief rally for the pound allowing it to recoup some of the losses it suffered as the polls showed the independence side gaining."
The Spanish IBEX stock index is up by more than 1% this morning too, with perhaps a little relief in Madrid that Scotland hasn't set an example for Catalonia.
Pretty much everyone in the City is satisfied. Dominic Bryant at BNP Paribas said in a note to investors: "You can almost hear the sigh of relief among Westminster politicians, city analysts and under-prepared businesses and investors."
"Voting No was undoubtedly the less risky choice and avoided what may well have been a significant economic shock to Scotland and the rest of the UK."
FEATURED ARTICLES

IT index has gained over 4% in three days  experts bullish; what s driving the rallyYou are here: Home > Collections > Companies
BSE IT Index gains over 4% in 3 days; what's driving the rally
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 19, 2014, 04.01PM IST
Tags:
Bhavin Shah
(According to dealers, hopes…)
MUMBAI: Shares of IT companies are back again in limelight and even as the benchmarks have been rangebound, the BSE IT Index has surged over 4.5 per cent in the last three sessions.
According to dealers, hopes of economic recovery in the US and a weak rupee against the US dollar have made traders bullish on IT stocks.
The rupee has appreciated against the US dollar for third straight session after it fell below 61 per dollar mark.
According to analysts at DBS Bank , the market is pricing interest rate hike in the US by mid-2015. They are expecting the rupee to depreciate below 62 per $ over the next year.
Meanwhile, Bhavin Shah , CEO , Equirus Securities is of the view that not much has fundamentally changed for the IT sector. The interest in IT stocks is more to do with sector rotation.
In an interview to ET Now, he said valuations have run-up in other sectors and IT companies are playing catch-up.
He doesn't see any acceleration in revenues of IT companies in Q2. I see limited returns from IT companies from current levels, he told ET Now.
As per a recent CLSA report on IT sector, IT companies are confident of strong demand and big deals in coming quarters. A stable demand environment and easy supply has kept confidence on maintaining margins high.
"Traditional IT services led by infrastructure management are likely to continue to be primary drivers of offshore IT growth for the next couple of years. We continue to notice the emergence of Digital/SMAC projects as primary driver of discretionary spending," said CLSA in its sector outlook report.
The brokerage has turned incrementally optimistic on the sector and rolled forward target prices of stocks under its coverage.
At 02:40 p.m.; the S&P BSE IT Index was up 1.97 per cent against a flat Sensex.
Infosys was up 0.82 per cent, Tech Mahindra rallied 2.36 per cent, HCL Tech rose 2.33 per cent, TCS was 2.74 per cent higher and Persistent Systems advanced 1.62 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  China aim to find solution to border issueIndia, China resolve to find solution to border issue
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 16:53 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
As they aim to reset ties, India and China have resolved to pursue finding an early solution to the thorny boundary issue as a strategic objective, noting that an early settlement of the dispute will advance their basic interests.
A day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping held extensive talks, largely dominated by the border dispute, both the countries on Friday released a joint statement detailing the outcome of the deliberations.
On the boundary issue, the statement said the two sides exchanged views on the India-China boundary question and reiterated their commitment to seek a fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable solution, proceeding from the overall interests of bilateral relations.
Recognising peace and tranquility on the border as an important guarantor for development and continued growth of ties, both the countries said they would continue to make joint efforts to maintain peace and tranquility in the border areas pending a final resolution of the boundary question.
Recalling the Agreement on the Political Parameters and Guiding Principles for the Settlement of the Boundary Question signed in April 2005, both sides reiterated their commitment to an early settlement of the boundary question and expressed their conviction that this will advance basic interests of the two countries and shall, therefore, be pursued as a strategic objective, it said.
Though the import and positions in the 2013 Joint Statement, issued after talks between Premier Li Keqiang and then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, and current one remain the same on boundary issue, there were new phrases in the current document like strategic objective and early solution used in context of the contentious issue.
The joint statement of May 20, 2013 had said, "The leaders expressed satisfaction over the work done so far by Special Representatives of the two countries on the Boundary Question and encouraged them to push forward the process of negotiations and seek a framework for a fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable settlement in accordance with the Agreement on Political Parameters and Guiding Principles."
Pending the resolution of the boundary question, the two sides shall work together to maintain peace and tranquility in the border areas in line with the previous agreements, it had said.
The three-day visit of Xi, the third by any Chinese President to India, was dominated by the border standoff in Ladakh region and Modi had taken up the issue strongly in their meeting on Thursday.

Analyst Antique Stock BrokingDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Alibaba IPO: What to watch for today on Wall St.By: Adam Shell September 19, 2014 8:18 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Alibaba Group signage is posted outside the New York Stock Exchange prior to the company’s initial price offering (IPO) on September 19, 2014. (Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images) ORG XMIT: 513259631 ORIG FILE ID: 455704682
Alibaba’s IPO day has finally arrived. There’s no juicier story on Wall Street today than the Chinese e-commerce giant’s first day of trading.
Here’s a checklist of things to watch for:
1. Does the IPO go off glitch-free?
Can Alibaba, which will start trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker “ BABA ,” avoid a Facebook-like face plant? Social media darling Facebook’s IPO on May 18, 2010, was marred by technical glitches and confusion at the Nasdaq Stock Market that caused the first trade to be delayed for half an hour and a slew of botched trade orders.
(BREAKING NEWS: So far, so good, as the IPO started to trade around 11:56 a.m. but trading is off to a smooth start.)
2. What price does the first trade go off at?
Don’t get confused between the offering price that institutional investors received (Alibaba’s top executive Jack Ma and underwriters priced the IPO at $68 per share Thursday night), and the first trade on the public market. If demand for the shares is robust and bids from interested investors come in higher than the offering price, the underwriters and exchange will set an opening price that is higher.
(BREAKING NEWS: The first official Alibaba trade clocked in at $92.70, a jump of more than 36% from its offering price of $68 set last night. Its intraday high so far is $99.70.)  
Chinese online retail giant Alibaba CEO Jack Ma (R) and executives arrive at the New York Stock Exchange in New York on Sept. 19, 2014. Alibaba is poised for a record-breaking stock market debut today, with shares priced at $68 in a public offering. (JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images ORIG FILE ID: 533558294)
3. Beware the “gap.”
The first trade in an initial public offering can be substantially higher than the offering price. The price difference at the open is called a “gap.” Wall Street IPO-watchers expect the first print on Alibaba to be higher than $68 a share. Let’s say, for example, the stock’s first trade goes off at $80. If it does, that means the starting point for investors trying to purchase shares will be at the higher price.
4. The first-day pop.
Will Alibaba shares jump more than the 14% average IPO first-day gain this year? Tune in at the market close at 4 p.m. ET to find out. In early trading, the shares are up well over 30%, and has to be considered a successful IPO.

Missing in action this week: Modis muscular foreign policyModinomics
September 19, 2014
A year ago, Narendra Modi famously chided Manmohan Singh , the then prime minister, for entertaining his Pakistani counterpart with chicken biryani, while soldiers from the two countries faced off on the Jammu and Kashmir border.
On Wednesday, it was Modi, the incumbent prime minister, who strolled the Sabarmati riverfront with Chinese president Xi Jinping as Indian and Chinese troops squared off along a disputed border in the Ladakh region.
Unlike the reticent Singh, Modi projected himself as a leader with a muscular foreign policy in his prime ministerial campaign. Some of that toughness was in evidence last month when his government  called off secretary-level talks with Pakistan to protest Islamabad’s envoy in New Delhi meeting Kashmiri separatist leaders just before official talks with India.
 It’s easy to imagine how acerbic Modi would’ve been if his predecessor Singh, for instance, had entertained a neighbouring head of state amid a border confrontation with that country. 
But with Xi and China, Modi seems to have put the tough stance on hold.
First, the Indian prime minister let the border incursions fester—and eventually, overshadow—his meetings with Xi. He spent an entire day with the Chinese president in his home state of Gujarat before heading into bilateral discussions in New Delhi on Thursday. Yet, news of Chinese troops withdrawing  (late on Thursday night) in Ladakh only trickled in on Friday, four days after the standoff began.
It’s easy to imagine how acerbic Modi would’ve been if his predecessor Singh, for instance, had entertained a neighbouring head of state as lavishly as he did, amid a border confrontation.
And even though Modi took a more aggressive posture after the meeting with Xi and said that he had “raised our serious concern over repeated incidents along the border,” his Chinese counterpart simply admitted that “certain incidents” took place due to undemarcated borders. Xi’s reassurance, particularly given the ongoing situation and the Indian prime minister’s emphasis, seemed somewhat feeble and non-committal.
While Modi may well have been more forthright during the discussions, there were also some unusual moves by his government that betrayed an attitude of appeasement towards the Chinese.
India’s junior home minister Kiren Rijiju was kept away from the meetings and banquet hosted for the Chinese president and his delegation, The Economic Times reported . This was apparently because the presence of Rijiju, a member of parliament from Arunachal Pradesh, which Beijing considers as part of its territory , could have offended Chinese sensitivities. The junior minister’s absence was even more conspicuous because his senior Rajnath Singh, India’s home minister, was travelling to Nepal and wasn’t at the meetings and banquet either.
And in Ahmedabad the day before, news reports said  that the local police had asked the city’s Hyatt hotel to ask its staff members from the northeast to keep away while president Xi was staying at the 178-roomed establishment. One reason, the report said citing unnamed sources, was that the police didn’t want to confuse these Indian citizens with Tibetans.
The next day in New Delhi, however, the police had little trouble identifying Tibetans protesting against China’s occupation of their homeland.
Share this:

Morning links: U.S. violent crime rate continues to fallApple says new iPhones and iPads can’t be unlocked by police , even with a warrant. Google later announced that its new Android phones will offer similar encryption by default.
Utah lawmakers scold ACLU attorney for daring to suggest that perhaps cops shouldn’t be armed like soldiers.
Latest beneficiary of the great MRAP giveaway: Saddleback Community College.
Maricopa County, Arizona, county attorney recruits discredited former FBI agent to train local police about the “Muslim threat.”
Lede of the day : “A Louisville Metro Police officer who admitted damaging his cruiser while driving intoxicated and shooting his weapon during a SWAT standoff at his home was not charged and remains on the job, according to records obtained by WDRB.”
Radley Balko blogs about criminal justice, the drug war and civil liberties for The Washington Post. He is the author of the book "Rise of the Warrior Cop: The Militarization of America's Police Forces."

Switchback: Talking Tech (Sept. 26)A .
Andrea Peterson :
I've dabbled in the past -- dual booting various Ubuntu flavors, mostly. And I use TAILS when needed. But I'm primarily on Windows machines, generally out of force of habit. 
I have a lot of respect for the open source community. But I also think there are some huge structural issues with how it functions -- it's a massive endeavor primarily run by volunteers who nearly always lack appropriate resources in terms of actual capital and human capital. These people are literally working on the infrastructures that make the Internet as we know it work -- and the fruits of their labor is routinely relied upon by major companies who don't have an incentive to help them. 
Meredith Patterson, a security researcher and open source developer, recently put up medium post that touches on some of the reasons why big tech companies aren't as involved as we might expect them to be considering the recent rash of high profile open source vulnerability: 
Google could easily throw a pile of engineers at fixing OpenSSL, but it’d never be in their interest to do it, because they’d be handing Facebook and LinkedIn and Amazon a pile of free money in unspent remediation costs. They’ve got even less incentive to fix entire classes of vulnerabilities across the board. Same goes for everybody else in the game.
Tech companies did commit millions to helping do open source security audits post-Heartbleed. But I don't think those commitments come close to helping with the systematic unbalance at play here. 
– September 26, 2014 11:08 AM
Q .
Brian Fung :
With all the commotion over Shellshock, Heartbleed and the various data breaches we've seen this year, it's worth asking whether the media has been covering IT security responsibly. To what extent do people feel the Internet is "generally" safe, and has that impression changed as we've learned about what hackers (government or otherwise) can do?
–

36 drugs to be cheaper as govt caps pricesHi Guest
36 drugs to be cheaper as govt caps prices
India has capped the prices of 36 drugs, including those used to treat infections and diabetes, in its latest move to make essential medicines more affordable, a senior official of the country's drug pricing authority told Reuters on Friday.  The medicines join the 348 drugs deemed essential and that are therefore subject to price caps, covering up to 30 percent of the total drugs sold in the country where less than 20 percent of its people are covered by health insurance. Global and ...

India s Forex reserves fall by $1.61 bnIndia s Forex reserves fall by $1.61 bn
RBI caution banks on Jan Dhan Yojana accountsRBI cautions banks on misuse of Jan Dhan Yojana scheme
PTI
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 19:  
The Reserve Bank today warned the banks to be more careful while opening accounts under the Jan Dhan Yojana, saying that a single individual could open multiple accounts in the lure of Rs 1 lakh insurance cover.
“There are some caveats when the banks are implementing the financial inclusion scheme under the recently launched Jan Dhan programme,” RBI Executive Director P Vijay Bhaskar said at a CII seminar here today.
He said people could open accounts in different banks using different identity documents like PAN card, Aadhar among others in the lure of getting insurance cover of Rs 1 lakh from all the banks.
The banks should have a single information sharing system by which this possible misuse could be stopped.
Another possible threat was ‘smurfing’, the RBI official said.
In this case, hawala operators would split the whole amount into several small units beyond the threshold using several bank accounts and send money overseas.
The last was ‘money mules’ by which an individual would operate through another person’s bank account.
Talking about the north—eastern region, he said the SLBCs and the SLCCs should take steps to improve the credit—deposit ratio of the region as the CD ratio was much lower than the national average.
Earlier this week, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had cautioned banks on the risks involved in just hunting for numbers with regards to Jan Dhan scheme, asking them not to compromise on core objectives of the programme.
“When we roll out the scheme, we have to make sure it does not go off the track. The target is universality, not just speed and numbers,” Rajan had said.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Heritage Foods bags Most Admired retailer awardHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Heritage Foods bags Most Admired retailer award
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 19:  
Heritage Foods Limited announced it has bagged ‘Most Admired’ retailer of the year 2014 Award Food & Grocery category from the India Retail Forum.
The award was won amidst much competition in the category of Foods & Grocery space and the assessment period for Awards was April 1, 2013 through March 31, 2014.
N. Bhuvaneshwari, Vice Chairman and Managing Director of Heritage Foods Limited, in a statement said, “Winning an award of this stature is indeed recognition of our efforts in the retail Space. This will definitely inspire us to do even better going forward.”
Nara Bramani, Executive Director, said, “In the retail space, Heritage Foods currently has 80 stores under the banner Heritage Fresh, occupying 3,01,350 sq.ft. Heritage plans to add another one lakh sq.ft within two years. It currently has presence in Hyderabad, Bangalore and Chennai.”
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Forex reserves down by $1.61 bnForex reserves down by $1.61 bn
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
Foreign Exchange reserves fell for second straight week to $315.698 billion, a drop by $1.615 billion in the week ended September 12, 2014, RBI data showed.
In the previous reporting week, the forex reserves had weakened to a near-eight week low by $1.327 billion to $317.313 billion in the week ending September 5.
The Reserve Bank of India has been selling dollars to prevent currency volatility.
During the week under review, foreign currency assets, a key component of reserves, sharply fell to $288.765 billion, a dip by $1.6 billion, RBI data said.
Gold reserves remained unchanged at $20.933 billion.
Earlier this month, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan had said that the central bank is preparing for the withdrawal exit from low rates by the US policy makers by building ‘adequate level’ of reserves and curbing volatility in foreign exchange market.
According to reports, India's last week’s reserves covered about eight months of import bill.
For the reporting quarter ending September 12, Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) fell a tad by $11.4 million to $4.33 billion and India's reserve position with the International Monetary Fund was down marginally by $4.4 million to $1.66 billion, RBI data said.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Premier Solar commissions 50 MW solar cell plant  enters global marketsHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Premier Solar commissions 50 MW solar cell plant, enters global markets
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sep. 19.:  
Premier Solar, a panel and EPC company has gone global with projects executed in Africa, Sri Lanka and Bangladesh.
The Hyderabad-based, 20 year old firm has implemented a 1.6 MW solar-diesel hybrid plant (off grid) in Africa. It’s the first Indian company to do a big project in solar, the Chief Executive Officer, Karthik Polasani told newspersons here today.
In Bangladesh, it has set a 1.8 MW plant on an island, while in Sri Lanka it has commissioned a project to provide solar street lighting. It plans to expand its offerings in the international market by establishing utility scale plants, he added.
On the domestic front, the company has commissioned a 50 MW solar cell line in Jinnaram, near its existing factory site on the outskirts of Hyderabad. It will be the biggest in the new State of Telangana.
Premier Solar has invested upto $ 10 million in the solar cell line with an annual capacity of 50 MW. With this the company has established a total capacity of 75 MW. It has also successfully commissioned a 2.5 MW tracker based solar plant for Pennar Industries and is building another 5 MW solar plant for another listed company in Telangana, Ajay Reddy, Director said.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

India  China vow to pursue early solution to border issueNew Delhi, September 19, 2014
Updated: September 20, 2014 00:30 IST
India, China vow to pursue early solution to border issue
PTI
The Hindu In this September 18, 2014 photo, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and China's President Xi Jinping wave to the media during a photo opportunity ahead of their meeting at Hyderabad House in New Delhi. Photo: .V. Moorthy
TOPICS
India-China
India-China joint statement said the two sides reiterated their commitment to seek a "fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable solution".
As they aim to reset ties, India and China have resolved to pursue finding an early solution to the thorny boundary issue as a “strategic objective”, noting that an early settlement of the dispute will advance their basic interests.
A day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping held extensive talks, largely dominated by the border dispute, both the countries released a joint statement on Friday detailing the outcome of the deliberations.
On the boundary issue, the statement said the two sides exchanged views on the India-China boundary question and reiterated their commitment to seek a “fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable solution”, proceeding from the overall interests of bilateral relations.
Recognising “peace and tranquillity” on the border as an “important guarantor” for development and continued growth of ties, both the countries said they would continue to make joint efforts to maintain peace and tranquillity in the border areas pending a final resolution of the boundary question.
“Recalling the Agreement on the Political Parameters and Guiding Principles for the Settlement of the Boundary Question signed in April 2005, both sides reiterated their commitment to an early settlement of the boundary question and expressed their conviction that this will advance basic interests of the two countries and shall, therefore, be pursued as a strategic objective,” it said.
Though the import and positions in the 2013 Joint Statement, issued after talks between Premier Li Keqiang and then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, and current one remain the same on boundary issue, there were new phrases in current document like “strategic objective” and “early solution” used in context of the contentious issue.
The joint statement of May 20, 2013 had said, “The leaders expressed satisfaction over the work done so far by Special Representatives of the two countries on the Boundary Question and encouraged them to push forward the process of negotiations and seek a framework for a fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable settlement in accordance with the Agreement on Political Parameters and Guiding Principles.
“Pending the resolution of the boundary question, the two sides shall work together to maintain peace and tranquillity in the border areas in line with the previous agreements,” it had said.
The three-day visit of Mr. Xi, the third by any Chinese President to India, was dominated by the border standoff in Ladakh region and Mr. Modi had taken up the issue strongly in their meeting on Thursday.
Both the sides reiterated their willingness to proactively resolve all outstanding differences based on the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence through friendly negotiation without letting them affect the overall ties.
“The two sides reaffirmed their commitment to consolidate the Strategic and Cooperative Partnership for Peace and Prosperity on the basis of the principle of mutual and equal security and mutual sensitivity for each other’s concerns and aspirations,” it said.
India asserts that the border dispute covered about 4,000 km, while China claims that it confined to about 2,000 km to the area of Arunachal Pradesh, which it refers as Southern Tibet.
India and China have so far held 17 rounds of talks by Special Representatives to resolve the dispute.
Both Mr. Modi and Mr. Xi reaffirmed the utility and significance of the mechanism of Special Representatives for seeking a political settlement of the boundary question and of the Working Mechanism for Consultation and Coordination on India-China Border Affairs for handling border-related matters.
“They also agreed to hold the fourth joint army training at a mutually convenient time, hold Navy/Air Force joint exercise at a proper time, and strengthen cooperation in such areas as peacekeeping, counterterrorism, naval escort, maritime security, humanitarian rescue, disaster mitigation, personnel training, and think tank communication,” the joint statement said.
The two sides decided to hold the first round of maritime cooperation dialogue within this year to exchange views on maritime affairs and security, including anti-piracy, freedom of navigation and cooperation between maritime agencies of both countries. They also agreed to hold consultations on disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control soon.
The Chinese President also invited President Pranab Mukherjee to visit China at a mutually convenient time.
President Pranab Mukherjee accepted the invitation.
Mr. Xi said he was looking forward to an early visit of Mr. Modi to China. Mr. Modi said he accepted the invitation with pleasure and looked forward to visiting China at an early date.
The Chinese side said it understands and supports India’s aspiration to play a greater role in the U.N. including in the Security Council.
“China attaches great importance to India’s status in international affairs as a large developing country, and understands and supports India’s aspiration to play a greater role in the U.N. including in the Security Council,” it said.
Mr. Modi and Mr. Xi reiterated their “resolute opposition” to terrorism in all its forms and manifestations with “zero tolerance”, and committed themselves to cooperate on counterterrorism.
“The two sides reaffirmed their commitment to abide by the principles and consensus both had agreed to, and further consolidate the Strategic and Cooperative Partnership for Peace and Prosperity on the basis of the Five Principles of Peaceful Coexistence and mutual respect and sensitivities for each other’s concerns and aspirations,” the statement said.
They agreed that as two large developing and emerging economies, their developmental goals are interlinked and should be pursued in a mutually supportive manner.
Recognizing that their respective growth processes are mutually reinforcing, they agreed to leverage “mutual complementarities” and build a closer developmental partnership.
The leaders agreed to make this developmental partnership a core component of the Strategic and Cooperative Partnership for Peace and Prosperity.
It said the two sides believe that the 21st century should be marked by peace, security, development and cooperation. “As developing countries, India and China have common interests on several issues of global importance like climate change, Doha Development Round of WTO, energy and food security, reform of the international financial institutions.”
The leaders assigned the Strategic Economic Dialogue to explore new areas for economic cooperation in diverse areas.
The two sides agreed to hold the 7th India-China Financial Dialogue in New Delhi in 2014 to enhance cooperation between Indian and Chinese financial regulators.
The Indian side approved, in principle, the request of the Bank of China to open a branch in Mumbai, for which the Chinese side expressed its appreciation.
Mr. Xi and Mr. Modi decided to carry out cooperation in civil nuclear energy in line with their respective international commitments, including working level consultations between the Department of Atomic Energy of India and the China Atomic Energy Authority.
The Indian side expressed appreciation to China for providing flood season hydrological data. They decided to further strengthen cooperation through the Expert-Level Mechanism on the provision of flood season hydrological data.
The two sides will make joint efforts to democratise international relations and strengthen the central role of the UN in promoting global peace, security and development.
“The two sides will work together with other countries to advance the multilateral negotiation to achieve a balanced, comprehensive and equitable agreement under the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change in 2015,” it said.

Pondy Bazaar gets a revampUpdated: September 19, 2014 21:31 IST
Pondy Bazaar gets a revamp
NIDHI ADLAKHA
Tweet
THE HINDU BEFORE: The poor condition of footpaths along Thyagaraya Road are a bane to pedestrians (left) AFTER: The revamped design demarcates specific lanes for pedestrians and vehicles.
THE HINDU BEFORE: The absence of set lanes for vehicular movement at this busy junction increases the rick of accidents (left) AFTER: The new design facilitates free movement of traffic with dedicated bus, cycle and pedestrian tracks.
THE HINDU BEFORE: This major junction that connects Anna Salai and Pondy Bazaar is congested during peak hours due to poor traffic (left) management AFTER: The blueprint highlights wider roads and traffic signals that will help manage traffic flow better.
THE HINDU BEFORE: Vehicles encroaching upon pedestrian space is a common occurence along Thyagaraya Road in Pondy Bazaar (left) AFTER: The new design shows more space for pedestrians and cyclists along with designated parking spots .
TOPICS
civic infrastructure
Modelled on Times Square in New York and Rambla in Spain, the blueprint for Pondy Bazaar promises to give the city’s commercial hub a glamorous facelift. NIDHI ADLAKHA finds out more
Chennai Corporation’s plans to decongest and revamp T. Nagar are finally taking shape. A blueprint has recently been released of the proposed Pedestrian Plaza in the congested Pondy Bazaar area, which promises a host of changes. A senior Corporation official says, “This project will provide T. Nagar with a much-needed facelift and, most importantly, streamline traffic. We are conducting several studies to assess project feasibility and are confident it will benefit pedestrians greatly.”
Estimated to cost Rs. 83 crore, the pedestrian plaza will be a 1.4 km stretch from Panagal Park to Mount Road. Says Advait Jani, project coordinator, ITDP (Institute for Transportation and Development Policy), Chennai, “It will create breathing space and also resolve the chaotic parking scenario. There will be road diversions in T. Nagar. The Corporation plans to bring in mini busses and electric cars too.”
The design creates three zones: Zone 1 from Panagal Park to Dr Nair Road, with a large pedestrian plaza on the south and a dedicated bus lane with wide sidewalk on the north. The bus lane will become a service lane for shops in the evening. Zone 2 will be from Dr Nair Road to Residency Towers on North Boag Road, with a pedestrian plaza on the south and a bus lane on the north. Service lanes are provided on both sides with parking slots along the length. Zone 3 will extend from Residency Towers to Mount Road and will be a standard four-lane carriageway with mixed traffic and wide sidewalks with parking.
Raj Cherubal, Director-Projects, Chennai City Connect (CCC), says that cities across the globe are facing road congestion issues and such projects not only benefit residents but also translate into high commercial activity. “Rental rates around Times Square shot up 70 per cent after the pedestrian plaza came up. The plaza here will encourage people to walk and reduce traffic in the area.”
Residents, of course, hope the plaza will reduce congestion. Says shopper Ramya S., “It’s about time a dedicated pedestrian zone was created in T. Nagar. And we need strict implementation of rules.” Vijay Kumar, a T. Nagar resident, believes the project will not only improve civic amenities but boost real estate. “Rental rates will rise once the project is finalised. The plaza will be a boon to pedestrians and I hope traffic management is improved in time.”
While the plaza design concentrates on pedestrians, one cannot ignore the street vendors who were relocated to the Pondy Bazaar Hawkers’ Complex last year. Says Lalitha Selvarajan, Researcher, Transparent Chennai, “The footpaths once occupied by hawkers are now encroached by shops. I hope the new pedestrian plaza will have a dedicated space for hawkers as well. They should be monitored to prevent encroachment on roads and sidewalks.” As Lalitha points out, the plaza can work only if certain reforms are introduced, such as legalising parking and imposing strict fines.

Alibaba to have spotlight all to itselfAlibaba dominates Wall Street's IPO spotlight
By: David Craig September 19, 2014 9:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The moment Wall Street has been waiting for is here. Friday, Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba finally started trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
After pricing at $68 a share late Thursday, the stock opened just before noon ET up nearly 40% at $92.70.
Even before that opening surge, Alibaba ( BABA ) stood out as the biggest IPO ever in the U.S., raising $21.8 billion.
It also stood out  in another way: It is the only IPO that started trading on U.S. stock markets today.
Three U.S. IPOs on the schedule for this week priced their offerings Wednesday. One other that was supposed to be priced this week was pushed back and delayed. That left Friday wide open for Alibaba to make its debut.
There may be no connection, but a look back at the last IPO that got this kind of attention —  Twitter ( TWTR ) — might explain why.
After weeks of buildup, Twitter priced its IPO last year on the night of Nov. 6 and started trading the next day on the New York Stock Exchange. It opened at nearly twice its IPO price and closed with a 73% gain.
Four other companies also started trading the 7th. Of them, only one — LGI Homes ( LGIH ) — closed the first day with a gain, rising 17% on the Nasdaq, according to Kathleen Smith, ETF manager at Renaissance Capital.
The other three IPOs suffered first-day losses ranging between 3% to roughly 5%:
U.S. IPOs starting trading on Nov. 7, 2013
Company

Nifty gains in choppy trade  up 7 pointsNifty gains in choppy trade  up 7 points
35 Chinese PLA men return to Chumar; sit on a hillock35 Chinese PLA men return to Chumar; sit on a hillock
AirAsia offers 20 per cent discountsYou are here: Home > Collections > Flights
AirAsia offers 20 per cent discounts
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 07.56PM IST
Tags:
AirAsia
(The fair, which began today…)
CHENNAI: Budget air-carrier AirAsia has began its three day travel fair, offering 20 per cent discounts on flights across the airline's network.
The fair, which began today at the Express Avenue Mall in city, was in association with Tourism Malaysia and MakeMyTrip.com. Visitors would be able to get 20 per cent discounts on flights across AirAsia network, a company statement said.
"Guests can book these special discounted flights on the spot throughout the three day fair from September 19 to 21 for immediate travel from September 21 to April 20, 2015", it said.
"This travel fair is in appreciation of the support and response extended by our passengers.Standing by our promise to constantly innovate and offer the best of services to our guests, we are offering low fares which will allow passengers to experience air travel in India", AirAsia India, CEO, Mittu Chandilya said.
AirAsia India currently operates flights between Bengaluru and Chennai, Kochi, Goa, Jaipur, Chandigarh, the release said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

As open enrollment nears  Obamacare website still isn t totally safeAs open enrollment nears, Obamacare website still isn't totally safe
By Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery September 19, 2014: 10:27 AM ET
 
Too poor for Obamacare
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Healthcare.gov still isn't as safe as it should be, and the annual open enrollment period starts again in just two months.
To be clear: Hackers haven't stolen sensitive data from the Obamacare site. But ongoing security and privacy issues plague Healthcare.gov, potentially putting your personal information at risk.
A report by the investigative arm of Congress, the Government Accountability Office, shows why the Obamacare website has room for improvement:
Security tests aren't complete. Health officials aren't conducting full, system-wide exams to make sure everything works together safely.
The Obamacare website didn't require strong passwords.
The website didn't patch bugs quickly enough.
The system didn't restrict test servers from accessing the Internet.
That last one sounds innocuous, but it's why the Obamacare site was hacked this summer . A test server -- that was never supposed to be connected to the Internet -- got infected with malware.
Luckily, the malware was the kind that spews spam, not steals personal data. And that server didn't house any personal information, so nothing was exposed, the government said.
At a House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform hearing Thursday, Gregory Wilshusen, the GAO's information security issues director, testified that the weaknesses that remain "put these systems and personal information at an increased and unnecessary risk of compromise."
There could be other problems facing Healthcare.gov too -- but Wilshusen complained health officials aren't giving investigators enough access to spot problems.
For those worried about a data breach, the Obamacare website doesn't keep your health records. But it does process valuable information: your name, address, Social Security number and income level.
 
Too poor for Obamacare
The Obamacare launch on Oct. 1, 2013 was a mess. For weeks the site was overwhelmed with traffic, and many people couldn't access it. Emails between top employees at the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services and Health and Human Services revealed at the House hearing showed:
Just five days before the nationwide launch, the CMS director of consumer information found out the website could only handle 10,000 users at once. "Performance testing results in the toilet," she wrote.
Early on, a top security official at CMS ordered employees to "hit the pause button" on an independent review of the website's security, because it was considered unfairly negative and "could see the light of day."
Weeks before the website went up, a senior health department adviser warned, "Whatever launches, if functional, will only technically meet the criteria of launching the exchange."
In an act of goodwill and transparency, health officials put the Healthcare.gov source code on the code-sharing community Github , where code naturally gets positive criticism. Then they awkwardly took it down because of "bashing of the source code" by developers.
When the website launched, Healthcare.gov was unsafely sending information unencrypted. That has since been fixed.
So far, 7.3 million people remain enrolled in Obamacare. That means 91% of the 8 million who signed up stuck around and paid for coverage.
First Published: September 19, 2014: 10:27 AM ET
Most Popular

NYSE sees 1130am ET Alibaba open; indicated $88-90Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis
© 2014 CNBC LLC.  All Rights Reserved.

Pound strengthens as Scotland decides to stay in UK  rupee slipsPound strengthens as Scotland decides to stay in UK  rupee slips
Good relations not at cost of security  dignity: CongGood relations not at cost of security  dignity: Cong
Vodafone Group CEO to visit India Sep 24Vodafone Group CEO to visit India Sep 24
Govt sees fall in Kharif crop on delayed monsoonA shortfall in rain from the delayed monsoon is likely to see total crop production fall from the highs seen last year.
New Delhi, Sept. 19:  
The first advance Kharif foodgrain production estimates released by the Government here on Friday projected a decline of over 7 per cent due to deficient monsoon rains, compared with the record highs seen last year. The Ministry said that the Kharif sowing coverage was as per the average of the past five years, and only 3 per cent lower than last year.
According to the Agriculture Ministry’s preliminary estimates, foodgrain production stands at 120.27 million tonnes (mt), a reduction of nearly 10 mt from the fourth advance estimate of 129.24 mt last year. The estimate for rice (88.02 mt) is considerably lower than the fourth advance estimate from the last Kharif season, which stood at 91.69 mt.
“Focusing on a particular number at this stage would be premature. These are conservative estimates,” said Agriculture Secretary Ashish Bahuguna at an event outlining the Ministry’s achievements in the first 100 days of its tenure.
Bahuguna said the decline in rice production, despite similar acreage as last season, could be attributed to the first half of the monsoon being poor, which resulted in late sowing, and consequent floods in parts of Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Assam that further adversely affected productivity.
“Let’s also appreciate that the duration of the Kharif and Rabi seasons are not the same across the country. There is still a lag in sowing in the South, in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh, so the area will keep increasing. But, let’s be clear, the figure we have provided is likely to rise over the next few months,” he added.
Earlier, Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh commended the efforts of the country’s farmers and the proactive approach of officials to deal with challenges posed by the delayed monsoon. “The deficit was 43 per cent in June and by July, it came down to 22 per cent. We took important measures and prepared contingency plans for 571 districts. As a result, sowing coverage is just 3 per cent lower than last year,” he said.
Singh said output for maize would be 16.03 mt against last year’s fourth advance estimate of 17.68 mt. Pulses output have been pegged at 5.20 mt, lower than the 6.02 mt fourth advance estimate from 2013-14. Tur and moong production were likely to be around 2.74 mt and 0.71 mt, both registering a decline from 3.29 mt and 0.98 mt last year. The production of Urad, the other major Kharif pulse, is expected to be higher than last year’s fourth advance estimate, at 1.15 mt as against 1.07 mt.
Total oilseed output is reckoned to decrease to 19.7 mt from 22.4 mt as estimated last year. Groundnut production, in particular, is likely to be hit with a nearly 3 mt reduction at 5.02 mt against 7.81 mt as per last year’s fourth advance estimate.
Cotton production will also see a likely decrease with production expected to 346 lakh bales of 170 kg each, down from 366 lakh bales estimated last year. Jute and Mesta is are estimated at 113.43 lakh bales of 180 kg each while they were reckoned at 115.80 lakh bales in 2013-14. Sugarcane production, on the back of 12-13 per cent reduction in Tamil Nadu, is estimated at 342.79 mt. Last year’s fourth advance estimates were pegged at 350.02 mt.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Alibaba paints the NYSE orange for debutAlibaba closes at $93.89 in NYSE debut
By Nicole Bullock and Eric Platt in New York and Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8150f416-4002-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No need for a financial super-regulatorNo need for a financial super-regulator
SS TARAPORE
The RBI makes an effective case for continuing with sectoral regulators. The new government should pay heed to its views
September 18, 2014:  
The 2013-14 Reserve Bank of India annual report has set out its considered views on the Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission’s report.
The RBI acknowledges that the Commission’s report is well researched and there is great merit in the overall approach, but it sees a number of lacunae. The RBI is of the view that there is a need to tweak a number of recommendations.
The broad approach of the monetary policy process set out by the FSLRC is in accord with the RBI’s thinking. It is here that the Urjit Patel report on the strengthening the monetary policy framework needs serious consideration.
The monetary policy objectives need to be clearly set out, and once these objectives are set out, the RBI should have instrument freedom.
It is essential that the medium-term objectives are set out by the Government, in consultation with the RBI, endorsed by Parliament and put out in the public domain.
Where the RBI differs from the FSLRC relates to the composition of the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC). The Commission envisages a seven-member MPC consisting of two RBI executives and five external members appointed by the Government.
The FSLRC fails to appreciate the difference between executive responsibility and external advice. The Patel Committee recommends a five-member MPC with three executives and two external advisers; this puts executive responsibility where it should be.
Financial redressal authority
While the FSLRC prefers a single financial regulatory architecture, the RBI is of the view that sectoral regulators could acquire information quickly and adapt regulation.
The RBI feels that the consumer protection units in sectoral regulators should be first strengthened before moving over to a single FRA.
The bane of the entire financial sector is that violation of customer rights does not invite punitive action against offending financial institutions. Any significant improvement in consumer protection is contingent on a change in the mindset of the regulators which should have zero tolerance for infringements.
The RBI is in sympathy with the FSLRC approach on the Resolution Corporation for dealing with failing firms at the least cost to the exchequer.
The FSLRC envisages that the Deposit Insurance Agency would be subsumed under the Resolution Corporation.
Two issues arise here. First, pressures to provide deposit insurance to non-bank entities will be difficult to resist. Second, who will finance the deposit insurance agency if there are large losses?
At the present time, the RBI fills the gap. The ability of the Government to meet these losses is in doubt.
Further, unlike in the case of the US where the Resolution Trust acquired real estate assets at a sharp discount, in the Indian case, by the time the Resolution Corporation acquires the troubled units, the failing firms would be empty shells — a case of profits being private and losses being public.
The RBI has reservations on the FSLRC’s recommendation that there should be one regulator instead of the present multiple sectoral regulators (of course at this stage the FSLRC has recommended that the banking regulator should be separate).
According to the RBI, the FSLRC recommendation is inadequately substantiated as regards costs and benefits. While the Commission emphasises the synergies of bringing together some regulators, it does not focus on the synergies lost by dismantling certain regulators.
The RBI’s reservations
The RBI sees inconsistencies in some of the FSLRC’s recommendations. While the FSLRC envisages regulation of organised trading of financial products being centralised with one regulatory agency, non-banking financial companies (NBFCs), which perform bank-like activities, are to be regulated by a regulator other than the banking regulator. Further, the RBI points out that the Commission proposes to entrust an agency with responsibility but the powers to exercise the tools necessary for discharging responsibility would be with another agency.
A case in point is that the RBI is charged with managing the internal and external value of the rupee, yet the Commission recommends that control over inward capital, particularly debt flows, be taken away from the RBI.
There are strong reasons for regulation of debt-oriented capital inflows, regulation of money and government securities remaining with the Central bank. These issues have been underweighted by the FSLRC.
The RBI stresses that leaving the objective of monetary policy to repeated review precludes the Central bank from acquiring credibility. The RBI feels that such objectives should be clearly set out in the Act and approved by Parliament.
Judicial oversight
The FSLRC unleashes an attack on regulators by calling them “mini states” with powers of the legislature, executive and judiciary. This is reflective of the predilection of the then powers in the Government which had been running an open vendetta against the RBI.
The RBI is of the view that submitting everything the regulator does —framing of regulations, policy decisions and the decision-making process — to legal oversight, carries the danger of depriving the regulator of its inherent powers.
The elaborate point-by-point examination of the Commission’s report in the RBI annual report should be given close attention by the Government.
The FSLRC report is the handmaiden of the erstwhile government’s open hostility to the RBI. The new government would do well not to carry this baggage. Financial legislative reforms need to be undertaken after due parliamentary process. As to the way forward on financial sector legislative reforms, all one can say is that one should not start from the obviously flawed FSLRC report.
The writer is a Mumbai-based economist
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Success is all about smileysSuccess is all about smileys
Sanjay Mehta
Tweet
The rapid growth of e-commerce shows that effective and innovative customer engagement is the password to success
Try asking a 25-year-old Indian consumer if she has seen or heard of the once popular home shopping catalogues, and all you draw is a blank look. Ask a 15-year-old to list the best places to buy a computer game, latest smartphone or even a party dress, a long list, including some well-known Indian and global e-commerce portals, will be rattled off.
This is hardly surprising, given that the country has 900 million mobile phone users, 100 million personal computers and over 220 million internet connections serving as access points. The people’s rapid availability and adoption has played a significant role in fuelling the explosive growth of e-commerce in the country.
Explosive growth
It started with online rail and air ticket reservations, which became an instant hit when introduced over a decade ago — first in the metros, then smaller towns. Today, this segment accounts for more than two thirds of the total e-commerce transactions in the country – to be precise,
t 70 per cent of the $13 billion e-commerce market. Electronic goods, apparel, books, beauty and personal care products, and home and furnishing are the other major categories.
Last seven years have seen e-commerce grow at a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 30 per cent, from $2 billion to $13 billion. As e-commerce penetrates deeper into the Indian market, revenues could touch $90 billion over the next seven years, assuming a CAGR of 30 per cent on a larger base.
Using these growth rates, a study by consultancy firm KPMG and the Internet and Mobile Association of India estimates that the contribution of e-commerce to the country’s GDP will be four per cent by 2020. This is a dramatic 5-fold increase from current under one per cent.
Brand building investment
Starting with investments in technology, creation of a fulfilment network, smart partnerships and heavy initial investments in brand building and consumer acquisition have brought e-commerce players to the current size and valuations.
Significant in its rapid rise, e-tailing has grown to about one-sixth of the total e-commerce business over the last decade. In the next 6-7 years, this could touch one-third of the total.
Even as the pie expands, competition is likely to hot up with large Indian consumer goods players preparing to enter the market and large global players already expanding their footprint in India.
As foreign players with manufacturing units will now be allowed to sell their products online in India, without any additional foreign direct investment approval, global consumer brands are readying their digital go-to market strategy. However, the differentiator will be building trust in customer engagement and its effectiveness including ‘ease of buying’, ‘24X7 availability’, ‘attractive storefront’ and ‘customer support’ services.
Committed delivery schedules, freedom to cancel an order at will, seamless exchange and a ‘no fuss return policy’ will hook a customer. Indian consumer, who until a few decades ago, was happy to queue up for milk and sugar to rail, air and movie tickets, today has options at the touch her fingers. The informed customer looks for an experience that matches the brand promise: from purchase, delivery and installation to after-sales service, support and warrantee coverage. Delivery on brand promise is now the new minimum that the Indian consumer expects. The earlier concept of customer loyalty may also be losing relevance as they are sitting in the world full of choices.
Customer engagement
When the customer is in trouble, and reaches out for help or dials a troubleshooting desk, she needs a quick empathetic resolution and not a policy read out to them. A resolution may need an efficient escalation process by a qualified and empowered agent.
Of the 1.2 billion people in India, 800 million are below 35 years of age. So, the largest set of consumers is in the highly volatile GenY category, who are not only more educated but have also tasted the benefits of the digital ride.
The senior executives and board members no longer await voluminous market research reports and customer studies — they can get direct and instant access to the customer feedback through the social media.
The recent acquisition by Facebook of the 50-employee WhatsApp, with its formidable 450 million active users, for $19 billion was achieved with zero spend on advertising, public relations or marketing.
Its growth, of one million users a month, is the result of successfully delivering on what it promised and taking advantage of their happiness index through.
The fact that WhatsApp’s or chat messaging volume is nearing the entire global telecom SMS volume illustrates the power of being relevant to the consumer. It also indicates that advertising is fast losing its position as the way to build brands in the times ahead.
At best advertising will be relegated to the position of being an announcement medium as its influence on the buying decision will continue to diminish.
There is a distinct shift in the power — from companies to the user — as online reviews and forums gain momentum; today, buyers look for these reviews even before reading the product details. Significant and conscious apportionment of investment in delivering the brand promise, including efficient service and support, is becoming the key to earning customer loyalty.
In all likelihood, the traditional phone is the fourth channel of choice for consumers today for query resolution, who prefer to chat live. That consumers prefer immediate attention and resolution over niceties is indicated by the rapid explosion of users on the social media. For the corporations too, it offers an unparalleled opportunity to buy cost effective solutions with better quality.
This naturally leads to lower cost per contact, thereby freeing up resources for enhancing service quality.
For organisations keen to communicate with customers effectively, social media and live chat connectivity is not an option, but an absolute necessity — because listening to the voice of the customer has moved from the private to the public network.
And, this move is providing tremendous empowerment to the citizen, leading to far reaching changes in the social strata which will further fuel the e-commerce industry.
The writer is managing director of Teleperformance India
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

What Europe Would Look Like If All the Separatist Movements Got Their WayAnalyzing the top news stories across the web
Sept. 18 2014 3:31 PM
What Europe Would Look Like If All the Separatist Movements Got Their Way
This article originally appeared in Business Insider.
The Scottish independence movement will embolden other active separatist groups in Europe to win their freedom, whether or not Scotland votes to secede from the UK on Thursday.  From Catalonia and Basque Country in Spain to Veneto, South Tyrol, and the island of Sardinia in Italy to Flanders in Belgium, "the precedent of the vote on self-determination will reverberate around the Continent," the New York Times writes . If you want a rough idea of how European borders would have to be redrawn if regions with a separatist agenda got their way, you can look at the map below, put together by the European Free Alliance, to which "40 progressive nationalist, regionalist and autonomous parties throughout the European Union" belong.
European Free Alliance

Modi talks tough on Ladakh incursionsNew Delhi, September 18, 2014
Updated: September 19, 2014 07:41 IST
Modi talks tough on Ladakh incursions
Suhasini Haidar
Tweet
Chinese President Xi Jinping being welcomed by President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Narendra Modi in New Delhi on Thursday. During the talks, Mr. Modi said respect for each other’s sensitivities and concerns were essential. Photo: Reuters
The Hindu Chinese President Xi Jinping with Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a meeting at Hyderabad House in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
India-China
"Peace along borders is essential to realise the potential in our relations"
India and China signed 13 agreements here on Thursday as Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping called for speeding up the boundary resolution process.
India raised concerns over the standoff at the Line of Actual Control in Ladakh “and repeated incidents” along the border.
A Defence Ministry source said soldiers had formed a “human wall” to deal with the ongoing face-off. In Beijing, however, a Foreign Ministry official said the situation had been “effectively controlled” and “managed.”
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said during his regular briefing on Thursday that the incident along the border “has been effectively controlled with immediate effect.”
“China hopes to continue to work with the Indian side to safeguard peace and tranquillity in the border area and solve the border issue through consultation and dialogue.”
In a strong statement, Prime Minister Modi said, “Respect for each other’s sensitivities and concerns, and peace and stability in our relations and along our borders are essential for us to realise the enormous potential in our relations.”
He also urged for the “clarification” or demarcation of the Line of Actual Control and an “early settlement of the boundary question.” President Xi also hoped that the boundary resolution could be resolved “quickly” as he said, “India and China have to come together for Asia to progress. When India and Asia speak in one voice, the world has to pay attention.” However, Mr. Xi said while India and China had made some progress on the boundary resolution, “some incidents are there because the boundaries haven’t been demarcated.”

Alibaba: The biggest U.S. IPO of all timeIt's official: Alibaba prices at $68
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 18, 2014: 9:19 PM ET
 
7 things you can do on Alibaba
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce giant, secured its place in history Thursday as the largest U.S.-listed initial public offering (IPO) of all time.
The stock priced at $68 per share. That's at the top of the expected range , signaling strong demand.
Only large investors like hedge funds are typically able buy at this IPO price. Alibaba's shares will begin trading Friday under the ticker symbol "BABA" on the New York Stock Exchange. At that point, anyone can buy the stock.
The IPO deal raised $21.8 billion, the largest ever for a company listed on an American exchange. In any deal like this, the investment banks that help make it happen have the option to purchase additional shares. If you include all of those shares, the IPO would raise $25 billion -- a world record.
Alibaba, which was founded by former English teacher Jack Ma, is now one of the biggest tech companies in the world.
If you've never heard of Alibaba, you're definitely not alone.
Related: Everything you need to know about Alibaba
The Chinese company is often described as a mash-up of eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ), Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ) and PayPal. Alibaba has little presence in the U.S., though that's expected to change. At the moment, it does own a stake in ride-sharing service Lyft.
Alibaba is hitting the public markets with some elite Silicon Valley company. The IPO values Alibaba at a whopping $167.6 billion. That's more than double eBay's $64 billion market value and even tops the market cap of 20-year-old Amazon.com.
Based on Alibaba's earnings for the 12 months ended in March, the IPO values Alibaba at a lofty price-to-earnings multiple of 44.
But investors are focused on Alibaba's dominance in e-commerce in China, which has a fast growing middle class.
The value of all the merchandise changing hands on Alibaba's platform totaled $248 billion in 2013, according to estimates by IDC. That's greater than the gross merchandise volume of Amazon.com, eBay, JD.com ( JD ) and Japanese e-commerce company Rakuten ( RKUNF ) -- combined.
 
Related: Alibaba is not the Amazon of China
However, there are a number of risks investors need to be aware of before jumping into Alibaba.
First, Alibaba has an unusual corporate structure that gives its partners control of the board and regular investors little power. The Hong Kong exchange doesn't even allow this type of structure.
Also, Alibaba's platforms have in the past been a haven for counterfeit goods . The Office of the U.S. Trade Representative previously labeled Alibaba's Taobao platform a "notorious marketplace" with "widespread availability of counterfeit and pirated goods." However, Alibaba has been on a mission to clean house ahead of the IPO.
Related: Should you buy the Alibaba IPO?
Ma, the unlikely billionaire founder of Alibaba, is making a fortune on the IPO . He is selling 12.75 million shares in the deal, which will earn him $867 million. He will keep a nearly 8% stake in the company.
The strong Alibaba IPO represents a big win for Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ). That's because the U.S. Internet company owns a 22.4% stake in Alibaba. Yahoo is expected to unload about 140 million shares during the IPO.
Other winners in the Alibaba IPO include the underwriters, who are set to haul in millions in fees. These Wall Street banks include Credit Suisse ( CS ), Deutsche Bank ( DB ), Goldman Sachs ( GS ) and JPMorgan Chase ( JPM ).
First Published: September 18, 2014: 5:46 PM ET
Most Popular

Apples dangerous gameBy Orin Kerr September 19
[Note to readers: I changed my views after receiving feedback to this post. For a second post, about my change in view, see here . For a subsequent post asking readers about what the limits and impact of encryption should be, see here . An additional post about an excellent essay by Julian Sanchez criticizing my initial view is here . The original post is reproduced below.]
Apple has announced that it has designed its new operating system, iOS8, to thwart lawful search warrants. Under Apple’s old operating system, if an iPhone is protected by a passcode that the government can’t bypass, the government has to send the phone to Apple together with a search warrant. Apple will unlock at least some of the contents of the phone pursuant to the warrant. Under the new operating system, however, Apple has devised a way to defeat lawful search warrants. “Unlike our competitors,” Apple’s new privacy policy boasts , “Apple cannot bypass your passcode and therefore cannot access this data.” Warrants will go nowhere, as “it’s not technically feasible for [Apple] to respond to government warrants for the extraction of this data from devices in their possession running iOS 8.” Anyone with any iPhone can download the new warrant-thwarting operating system for free, and it comes automatically with the new iPhone 6.
I find Apple’s new design very troubling. In this post, I’ll explain why I’m troubled by Apple’s new approach coded into iOS8. I’ll then turn to some important legal issues raised by Apple’s announcement, and conclude by thinking ahead to what Congress might do in response.
Let’s begin with a really important point: In general, cryptography is an awesome thing. Cryptography protects our data from hackers, trespassers, and all sorts of wrongdoers. That’s hugely important. And under Apple’s old operating system, cryptography protects iPhones from rogue police officers, too. Thanks to the Supreme Court’s recent decision in Riley v. California , the Fourth Amendment requires a warrant to search a cell phone. Apple’s old operating system effectively enforced the warrant requirement technologically by requiring the government to serve a warrant on Apple to decrypt the phone.
Up to that point, I think it’s all good. But the design of Apple’s new operating system does something really different.
If I understand how it works, the only time the new design matters is when the government has a search warrant, signed by a judge, based on a finding of probable cause. Under the old operating system, Apple could execute a lawful warrant and give law enforcement the data on the phone. Under the new operating system, that warrant is a nullity. It’s just a nice piece of paper with a judge’s signature. Because Apple demands a warrant to decrypt a phone when it is capable of doing so, the only time Apple’s inability to do that makes a difference is when the government has a valid warrant. The policy switch doesn’t stop hackers, trespassers, or rogue agents. It only stops lawful investigations with lawful warrants.
Apple’s design change one it is legally authorized to make, to be clear. Apple can’t intentionally obstruct justice in a specific case, but it is generally up to Apple to design its operating system as it pleases. So it’s lawful on Apple’s part. But here’s the question to consider: How is the public interest served by a policy that only thwarts lawful search warrants?
The civil libertarian tradition of American privacy law, enshrined in the Fourth Amendment, has been to see the warrant protection as the Gold Standard of privacy protections. The government can’t invade our private spaces without a showing that the invasion is justified by the expectation that the search will recover evidence. And the government must go to a neutral magistrate and make that case before it conducts the search. When the government can’t make the showing to a neutral judge, the thinking runs, the public interest in privacy outweighs the public interest in solving crime. But when the government does make that showing, on the other hand, the public interest in solving crime outweighs the privacy interest. That’s the basic balance of the Fourth Amendment, most recently found in the stirring civil libertarian language in Riley just a few months ago.
Apple’s new policy seems to thumb its nose at that great tradition. It stops the government from being able to access the phone precisely when it has a lawful warrant signed by a judge. What’s the public interest in that?
One counterargument I have heard is that there are other ways the government can access the data at least some of the time. With the warrant required under Riley, agents could take a stab at guessing the passcode. Perhaps the phone’s owner used one of the popular passwords; according to one study , the top 10 most often-used passcodes will unlock about 15% of phones. Alternatively, if the phone’s owner has backed up his files using iCloud, Apple will turn over whatever has been backed up pursuant to a lawful warrant.
These possibilities may somewhat limit the impact of Apple’s new policy. But I don’t see how they answer the key question of what’s the public interest in thwarting valid warrants. After all, these options also exist under the old operating system when Apple can comply with a warrant to unlock the phone. And while the alternatives may work in some cases, they won’t work in other cases. And that brings us back to how it’s in the public interest to thwart search warrants in those cases when the alternatives won’t work. I’d be very interested in the answer to that question from defenders of Apple’s policy. And I’d especially like to hear an answer from Apple’s General Counsel, Bruce Sewell.
Let me conclude with two important legal questions raised by Apple’s new policy, together with some speculation about how Congress might respond to Apple’s change.
The first question is whether the government can lawfully compel the telephone’s owner to divulge the passcode. I believe the answer is that yes, a person can in fact face punishment for refusal to enter in the password to decrypt his own phone. If the government obtains a subpoena ordering the person to enter in the passcode, and the person refuses or falsely claims not to know the passcode, a person can be held in contempt for failure to comply.
Some may think that the Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination prohibits such punishment. But I think that’s wrong because of the specific circumstances in which the issue arises. Because people must know their passcodes to use their own phones, the testimonial aspect of decrypting a person’s own phone — admitting that the phone belongs to them and they know the password — will be a “foregone conclusion” whenever the government can show that the phone belongs to that person. If the phone’s in the suspect’s hand or in his pocket when the government finds it, that’s not going to be hard to show.Under the relevant caselaw, that makes all the difference: Entering in the password no longer raises a Fifth Amemdment problem. See, e.g, In re Boucher , 2009 WL 424718 (D.Vt. 2009) .
A second question is how the new policy changes the rules for searching a cell phone incident to arrest. Under the Supreme Court’s recent decision in Riley, the government needs a warrant to search the phone. But under the new Apple policy, warrants to search the phone won’t work if the passcode is in place. If officers lawfully come into possession of a target’s unlocked phone, the data may effectively disappear as soon as the phone locks. It’s kind of the digital equivalent of flushing the drugs down the toilet, but it happens by default and automatically. This will create interesting questions under the exigent circumstances exception. If officers make an arrest and the phone hasn’t yet locked, does the exigent circumstances exception now allow the police to search the phone without a warrant because the delay of waiting for a warrant will mean a locked phone that can’t be unlocked even with a warrant? At least in some circumstances, such as when the government has probable cause and the screensaver suggests a later iOS operating system, I suspect the answer may be yes. (Incidentally, I have long argued that the Supreme Court should wait until a technology stabilizes before applying the Fourth Amendment to it to avoid the problem of announcing a rule that doesn’t make sense over time. In light of Apple’s new iOS8, Riley may be an interesting example.)
I’ll conclude with the interesting question of Congressional reaction. It may turn out that the government can get access to the data most of the time despite this new policy using a combination of unlocked phones, data from backups in the cloud, password-guessing, or compelling targets to unlock their phones. If the government can get to the data in other ways, then the Apple policy may not cause much outrage. The government will muddle through. Perhaps.
But imagine that the Apple policy thwarts a lot of important cases. Think of a homicide case in which the government wants to search the victim’s phone for evidence of who was behind the killing. Maybe the victim received a text message that provides the key to the case, and the cellular provider hasn’t stored the messages . Because the victim isn’t alive to share his password, and the phone will have locked before the body was found, the government won’t be able to search the phone to find the messages. Apple’s policy will keep the police from finding the killer. That seems bad.
If we get a lot of cases like that, I suspect Congress may look to legislation to try to restore the privacy/security balance more in the direction of the traditional Fourth Amendment warrant requirement. I can think of three paths Congress might take. To be clear, I’m not endorsing any approach, at least yet. I’m just covering the major options. They look like this:
1) The most obvious option would be follow the example of CALEA and E911 regulations by requiring cellular phone manufacturers to have a technical means to bypass passcodes on cellular phones. In effect, Congress could reverse Apple’s policy change by mandating that phones be designed to have this functionality. That would restore the traditional warrant requirement.
2) A second option would be to enact a new law severely punishing a target’s refusal to enter in his passcode to decrypt his phone. Under current law, such a refusal could lead to civil or criminal contempt charges. But given that the Fifth Amendment isn’t implicated for reasons discussed above, I don’t think there is a constitutional barrier to punishing it more severely. How severely is a policy question up to Congress, so Congress could theoretically impose quite high punishments. Of course, this option wouldn’t work if the owner of the phone is unavailable, such as would be the case in a homicide investigation when it’s the victim’s phone.
3) A third option would be to impose data retention laws. If the key evidence lost because of Apple’s policy is communications data stored on the phone that won’t be found elsewhere, Congress could require providers to store the data. For example, Congress could require cell providers to retain specific kinds of data (such as text messages) so it can obtain the messages from the provider with a warrant rather than from the phone.
Anyway, that’s my take, which I’m happy to open up for comments and reactions. Perhaps I’m misunderstanding Apple’s policy. If so, I’ll post a correction and apologize for wasting everyone’s time with such a long post. But at least based on my understanding of the policy, it strikes me as troubling. And if the switch ends up thwarting a lot of valid investigations, I suspect Apple may not have the last word.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.

When buying bonds can damage your wealthSeptember 19, 2014 9:16 am
When buying bonds can damage your wealth
By Neil Collins
Buyers of Phones 4U debt have learnt just how damaging
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3c34252e-3fd0-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

New Kailash route against religion: Uttarakhand CMComments
A day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese president Xi Jinping agreed on opening an alternative route to Kailash Mansarovar, Uttarakhand chief minister Harish Rawat said it goes against religious sentiments.
Rawat on Friday appealed to the five BJP MPs from Uttarakhand to take up the issue with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and convince him that seeking an alternative route for the pilgrimage would be tantamount to going against the sanctity of the traditional route and riding rough shod over the religious sentiments of people across the country.
 
"Agreement with China over an alternative route to Mansarovar through Nathula goes against religious sentiments of people throughout the country as it is not in keeping with the centuries-old scriptures which recognise only the traditional route for the pilgrimage passing through Uttarakhand," Rawat said in a statement here.
 
Instead of seeking an alternative route to Mansarovar, it would be better to strengthen the infrastructure along the traditional one passing through Uttarakhand, he said.
 
Rawat had opposed the proposal for an alternative route to Mansarovar even when it was first made by Modi at the BRICS summit in July this year.
 
In a letter to Modi soon after the summit, Rawat had said the traditional route going through Dharchula and Siyalekh in Uttarakhand is the only route recognised by the age old Hindu scriptures and any attempt to find another route would mean showing disrespect to scriptures like Manaskhand and the sentiments of Uttarakhandis, Rawat had said in the letter.
 
"The route going to Mansarovar through Uttarakhand via Chota Kailash and Om Parvat, though difficult," is the only traditionally acknowledged route which was taken by Rishi Parmanand Ji Maharaj as many as 21 times to reach there.
 
"Even noted historian Rahul Sankrityayan preferred this difficult route rather than the one through Kathmandu in Nepal to reach Mansarovar and finding any other route via China will hurt the sentiments of people of Uttarakhand," the Chief Minister had said
Modi and Xi on Thursday had agreed on the alternative road through Nathu La which would be motorable even in rainy season and make the trip easier for senior citizens. 

New Mahindra Scorpio bookings now open on SnapdealNew Mahindra Scorpio bookings now open on Snapdeal
Scotland stays  but now it could be a less united UK aheadprint
Celebrations over Scotland rejecting independence by 55% to 45% on Friday were soon replaced by moves to devolve more powers not only to Scotland but also to England, Wales and Northern Ireland, and a gnawing sense that the road ahead may not be smooth.
 
As millions heaved a collective sigh of relief, leaders of the defeated Yes camp promptly reminded leaders of the three main parties – Conservative, Labour and Liberal Democrats – of their vow to give more powers to Scotland, and cautioned against any delay or return to the status quo.
Pro-Union supporters celebrate as Scottish referendum polling results are announced at the Royal Highland Centre in Edinburgh. (AFP Photo)
 
The vow with a timetable to deliver it was made on the eve of the referendum, and had much effect on voters. However, it did not go down too well among several MPs from England, who wanted similar powers for other regions of the United Kingdom.
Read: Scottish nationalist leader Salmond quits
 
Alex Salmond, Scotland First Minister who accepted defeat on behalf of the Yes campaign, said: "The unionist parties made vows late in the campaign to devolve more powers to Scotland. Scotland will expect these to be honoured in rapid course”.
Read: Scotland votes against independence  
 
On the day after the intensely-fought referendum, moves were afoot to set in motion the process to fundamentally re-structure the ways in which the United Kingdom is governed.
However, the process is likely to be fractious, given some differences among the key parties, and also because the political focus is soon expected to shift to the May 2015 general elections.
Reflecting demands for UK-wide power reform, Prime Minister David Cameron said: “Just as the people of Scotland will have more power over their affairs, so it follows that the people of England, Wales and Northern Ireland must have a bigger say over theirs”
 
He said the vow will be honoured in full, and added: “It is absolutely right that a new and fair settlement for Scotland should be accompanied by a new and fair settlement that applies to all parts of our United Kingdom”. The Triumph of No
 
Cameron also announced that Lord Smith of Kelvin, who so led Glasgow’s Commonwealth Games, will oversee the process to take forward the devolution commitments on tax, welfare and spending by November, and draft legislation to be published by January.
 
For the process of giving similar powers to England, Wales and Northern Ireland, Cameron said he had asked William Hague, leader in the House of Commons, to draw up plans. A cabinet committee is also to be set up with proposals to the same timetable as that of Scotland.

KEI Industries: Outcome of AGMSep 19, 2014, 05.42 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
KEI Industries: Outcome of AGM
KEI Industries has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 19, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
KEI Industries: Outcome of AGM
KEI Industries has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 19, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
KEI Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 19, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

NPR Finance: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 19, 2014, 05.42 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
NPR Finance: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
NPR Finance has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 25th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 19, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NPR Finance: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
NPR Finance has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 25th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 19, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
NPR Finance Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 25th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 19, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

This day  that year: Yuvraj s six sixesTweet
0
If you haven't seen this clip already, chances are that you don't follow cricket or you've been living under a rock for years. It's only one of cricket's most watched events. You know what happened: Andrew Flintoff needled an out-of-form Yuvraj Singh at the World Twenty20. And Yuvraj took out his anger on the young, inexperienced Stuart Broad . Broad kept serving length balls into Yuvraj's hitting arc, and Yuvraj kept hitting them out of the Kingsmead. It was just the second time six sixes had been hit in an over in international cricket, and the first time against a front-line bowler. Yuvraj's fifty from 12 balls remains a record in all international and T20 cricket.
@YahooCricket on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook
Matches

Rupee ends at one-week high of 60.81 against dollarForex update: Rupee ends at one-week high of 60.81 against dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 20:52 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Friday edged up three paise to end at a one-week high of 60.81 against the Greenback at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market on sustained dollar selling by exporters and capital inflows.
A strong dollar overseas and some hesitancy in local stocks , however, limited the rupee rise, forex dealers said.
On a weekly basis, the domestic unit, however, fell 16 paise to log its first weekly drop in seven largely due to the 48-paise drop on Monday.
The rupee on Friday resumed better at 60.78 a dollar from Thursday's close of 60.84 . It was trapped in a narrow range of 60.73 and 60.8975 before finishing at 60.81, a rise of three paise or 0.05 per cent. In previous four days, rupee rose by 32 paise or 0.52 per cent.
Friday's closing of 60.81 against US dollar is the highest level since 60.65 on September 12.
The British pound staged a solid rally in early trade on Friday, as Scottish voters had decided to remain in the UK but later cooled off and eased.
The dollar index was quoting sharply higher by 0.34 per cent against its major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said, "Today rupee traded in a thin range and ended near previous close. Rupee is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities. Trading range for the Spot USD/INR pair is expected to be within 60.30 to 61.30."
In the forwards market on Friday, premium closed steady to firm on stray payments from banks and corporates.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February ended at its overnight closing level of 221.5-223.5 paise while far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 rose to 479.5-481.5 paise from 475-477 paise.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex , after two days of strong rally, ended lower by 21.79 points (or 0.08 per cent).
FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth US $25.31 million on Thursday, as per Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) data.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.8055 and for the euro at 78.4695.
The rupee remained weak against the pound to 99.54 from Thursday's close of 99.41 while continued its upward march to end at 78.17 per euro from 78.37. It also improved further to 55.89 per 100 Japanese yen from 55.98.

Modi says Indian Muslims will live and die for India  won t join al QaedaAl Qaeda would be delusional to think Indian Muslims will respond to its call to launch a jihad in the region, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said, praising the community’s love of the country.
 
"They are doing injustice towards the Muslims of our country," Modi told CNN, which aired excerpts of his pre-recorded interview on Friday.
 
"If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional. Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India -- they will not want anything bad for India."
 
It was Modi's first reaction to al Qaeda chief Ayman al-Zawahiri's announcement this month that the group would set up a new operation to wage jihad in South Asia, which has a large but traditionally moderate Muslim population. A few days later it claimed responsibility for the failed hijacking a Pakistani naval ship.
Read: Congress questions timing of Modi's statement on Indian Muslims
 
There have been relatively few reports of young Indian men leaving to fight Islamist causes abroad. Only recently four young men from Maharashtra were believed to have travelled to Iraq to fight for the Islamic State.
 
Modi said the threat from Islamist extremist groups was "a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race.
 
"We have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else," he added.
 
Modi's comments come amid a debate within his Bharatiya Janata Party about how to deal with religious minorities after an inflammatory by-election campaign drew the ire of rights activists and failed to win over voters.
 
Yogi Adityanath, the party’s star campaigner in the recent by-elections in Uttar Pradesh, has been accused of delivering inflammatory speeches against Muslims.
 
Ahead of a visit to meet US President Barack Obama later this week, Modi said ties between the United States and India, a Cold War ally of the Soviet Union, will continue to improve.
 
"From the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century we have witnessed a big change," Modi said.
 

Love jihad: Sri Ram Sene threatens to besiege Rajnath s house over controversial remark24
0
Mumbai: Hindu right-wing organisation Sri Ram Sene on Friday lashed out at Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh for pleading ignorance on the love-jihad issue and demanded that a special panel be set up to probe all such cases.
Singh had on September 12 said, "Arey yeh hai kya? Hume nahi maloom (What is this. I don't know)," when reporters drew his attention towards BJP leaders from Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat issuing statements asking Hindu girls to stay away from Muslims.
"It is shameful that Rajnath Singh made such comments despite being a seasoned politician. If he said he has no idea on love jihad, what kind of a Home Minister is he? If he does not take back his statements immediately, we will teach him what love-jihad is by besieging his house in Delhi," Sene leader Pramod Muthalik said while addressing reporters here.
Rajnath Singh had on September 12 pleaded ignorance on the issue, saying, 'Arey yeh hai kya? Hume nahi maloom'.
#rajnath singh #sri ram sene #pramod muthalik #love jihad
He alleged that 22 cases of love jihad have been reported in Maharashtra alone, and that serious cognisance needs to be taken on it.
"We have, through RTI found out that 22 cases of love-jihad have been reported in Maharashtra alone. Maneka Gandhi (Union Women and Child Development Minister) had on Wednesday said that no such case has been reported. We want a special committee to be set up, that will initiate an inquiry into such cases," Muthalik added.
Muthalik also threatened to take these victims from Maharashtra to the Home Minister's residence and make them tell their ordeal to Singh.
BJP skirted the term last month when it adopted the subject of "forced" conversions as a campaign issue for the by-polls.
18

India cannot afford an overvalued rupeeHi Guest
India cannot afford an overvalued rupee
The external sector remains vulnerable, and India cannot afford an overvalued rupee, says Jaimini Bhagwati.  It is widely accepted that for robust economic growth India needs to stay the course in reducing fiscal imbalances and inflation. It appears that we do not have a similar degree of consensus about the extent of India's external-sector vulnerabilities. For instance, in the wake of Indian equity market gains and a mood of buoyancy, there may be a sense that the rupee's sharp ...

Private sector keen on building rail infra  says MinisterPrivate sector keen on building rail infra, says Minister
Our Bureau
Growing interest Railway Minister DV Sadananda Gowda (left) and General Manager of South Central Railway PK Srivastava at a press conference in Hyderabad on Friday. G. RAMAKRISHNA
Model agreement for contracts to be ready soon
Hyderabad, Sept. 19:  
The Union Railway Minister Sadananda Gowda today said that there has been growing interest from outside the country and within in developing the rail infrastructure and participating in building commercial space, upgradation of stations and creating new freight corridors.
Addressing a press conference here after a meeting with officials of the South Central Railway, the Union Minister said that the Modi Government focus now is on implementation and delivery of projects announced already rather than taking up new projects.
On the concerns expressed by some of the Railway Unions with regard to Foreign Direct Investments (FDI) in the Railways, the Minister assured that the FDI would not be in active operational areas but focus on non-core areas of railways, in creation of new infrastructure for high speed trains and dedicated freight corridor.
“The requirement for finances is huge and the Railways has revenues of about Rs 30,000 crore and the Gross Budget support of Rs 30,000 crore together accounting for Rs 60,000 crore. This is a meagre amount given the huge finances required to implement the existing projects, estimated to require about Rs 5,00,000 crore,” he said.
Therefore, the Government has decided to attract FDI in Railways and also private sector participation in development of some of the infrastructure. Alongside, efforts are on to develop the surplus land available with the Railways through private sector participation. There is huge interest in the private sector to be part of development in the Railways, he said.
Mentioning about the agreements entered into with the Chinese Government, he said that they cover upgradation of rail stations, speeding up of trains, upgradation of railway to international standards and setting up a railway university.
Referring to the proposal to offer railway stations for development to private sector, he said that it is proposed to offer about 10 stations in the phase one. A model agreement is under preparation and is likely to be ready within couple of months.
RAIL ZONES
Asked about assurances made in the AP Reorganisation Act, he said a Committee had been appointed to look into various aspects and come out with suggestions. The report is likely to be ready by October 15. That would pave the way for follow up action.
The Minister said the Railways is awaiting land allotment from Telangana Government to take up implementation of Wagon Workshop at Kazipet with a capacity to make 1200 wagons per year and Mid Life Coach Workshop in Kurnool.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Gold prices dip on poor buying amid global bearishnessGold prices dip on poor buying amid global bearishness
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 20:46 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Gold continued its downward trend for the fourth-straight session at the domestic bullion market on Friday due to lack of demand from retail consumers amid uncertainty surrounding aftermath of the US Federal Reserve policy outcome .
Standard gold of 99.5 per cent purity fell by Rs 50 to conclude at Rs 26,525 per 10 grams compared to Thursday's Rs 26,575 .
Pure gold of 99.9 per cent purity also shed by a similar margin to settle at Rs 26,675 per 10 grams from Rs 26,725.
Similarly, silver also dropped sharply owing to consistent speculative unwinding coupled with lacklustre industrial demand.
Silver of .999 fineness slumped by Rs 190 to finish at Rs 41,320 per kg against Rs 41,510 yesterday.
On the global front, the precious metal plunged further sharply, touching its lowest level in nine months on the back of heavy funds unwinding following robust US macroeconomic data as well as falling jobless claims data amid a strong dollar.
The data came a day after the US Fed slashed its monthly bond-buying programme by another US $10 billion and kept interest rates near zero for a considerable time, dampening the metal's safe-haven appeal.
Spot gold was trading lower at US $1,222.80 an ounce in early European trade.

Prayut Chan-O-Cha warns against political fo...hammasat University
(Thailand's Prime Minister…)
BANGKOK: Thailand's Prime Minister and junta chief Prayut Chan-O-Cha today said political forums will not be allowed to derail his reconciliation campaign, a day after a crackdown on a student forum on democracy.
"Please understand that I don't come from an election. I know that well. So please put on hold all political criticism and forums on politics," Gen Prayuth, who came to administrative power through a military coup on May 22, said.
Prayuth's remark came after a ban on a student-organised forum, "Democracy Classroom: Chapter 2 - The Decline of Dictatorships in Foreign Countries", at the local Thammasat University's Rangsit campus yesterday.
Police yesterday broke up the forum and took four speakers, including prominent social critic Nidhi Eoseewong , to police station before releasing them. Authorities did not press charges of defying martial law.
The tough-talking army chief said he did not want his plans to restore unity set back by critics, and accused the organisers of the forum of intentionally ignoring martial law, which bans political gatherings of more than five people, Bangkok Post reported.
"They held their forum without seeking permission," he said.
The Prime Minister said that forums were allowed after organisers sent an outline to authorities for approval first and topics for discussion must not be democracy, elections or criticism of the government.
While admitting he had obtained office by having seized power, Gen Prayut defended his position.
"Have I done anything to damage the country since I took power?" he said before walking away from reporters at Government House, the paper said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

AirAsia offers 20% discounts in its three day travel fairAirAsia offers 20% discounts in its three day travel fair
Press Trust of India | Chennai Sep 19, 2014 07:24 PM IST
Budget air-carrier AirAsia has began its three day travel fair, offering 20% discounts on flights across the airline's network.
The fair, which began today at the Express Avenue Mall in city, was in association with Tourism Malaysia and MakeMyTrip.com. Visitors would be able to get 20% discounts on flights across AirAsia network, a company statement said.
"Guests can book these special discounted flights on the spot throughout the three day fair from September 19 to 21 for immediate travel from September 21 to April 20, 2015", it said.
"This travel fair is in appreciation of the support and response extended by our passengers.Standing by our promise to constantly innovate and offer the best of services to our guests, we are offering low fares which will allow passengers to experience air travel in India", AirAsia India, CEO, Mittu Chandilya said.
AirAsia India currently operates flights between Bengaluru and Chennai, Kochi, Goa, Jaipur, Chandigarh, the release said.

Some consumers say Apple is losing its  coolness  quotientSome consumers say Apple is losing its 'coolness' quotient
Reuters
San Francisco (Reuters), September 19, 2014
First Published: 19:11 IST(19/9/2014)
print
Holly Riggle, a 29-year-old white-collar worker from Ohio, is just the kind of everyday customer Apple Inc would love to have for its new iPhone 6, which launches Friday.
But Riggle is sticking to her Android smartphone, calling Apple less "original" than it was under former chief executive Steve Jobs. She's one of the 16% of respondents in a Reuters/Ipsos poll who said Apple had become somewhat or much less cool in the last two years.
Read: What’s with gravity and Apple? First Australian man to buy iPhone 6 drops it on camera
 
By comparison, some 11% of respondents said that Android had lost some sheen in the same timeframe. In a similar poll a year ago, 14.3% of 1,379 people surveyed thought Apple had lost its cool image between 2011 and 2012.
While still a juggernaut, with analysts expecting sales of around 9 million iPhone 6s in its launch weekend, Apple may be losing some of its shine, according to the poll.
 
More Americans feel that Apple has lost its "coolness" quotient than has the Android brand, according to the poll, conducted September 8-13.
When questioned on how they perceive five popular technology brands - Apple, Android, Microsoft, Dell Inc [DI.UL] and Hewlett-Packard - respondents gave the highest coolness factor rating to the Android brand, which includes devices such as Samsung and others that run on Google's mobile operating software.
 
About 50% said that in the last one to two years, the Android brand had grown cooler, compared with 48% who voted for Apple.
Although the poll is based on a limited sample, it reflects how Android products, which tend to be less expensive, have caused Apple to shed some of its buzz.
"Especially when you have competitors who are doing a lot of innovative things themselves and great advertising, it's not surprising that Apple doesn't have the same cachet and coolness that it once did," said Kevin Lane Keller, a branding expert and professor at Dartmouth's Tuck School of Business.
The mobile phone wars have become a lot like politics, with battling Democrats and Republicans, said Rob Janoff, the designer of the Apple logo and an independent branding and design expert based in Chicago.
"You can't carry that magic forever," Janoff said, but that does not mean consumers should dismiss mature brands. "I think people have to accept that companies that are out there, they age."
Last year when it launched its previous version of the iPhone, Apple sold 9 million iPhone 5Ss and 5Cs in the first three days in stores. But drawing a comparison with the iPhone 6 is tricky as sales are based on availability, and Apple has not shared comparable details.
Also, this time the iPhone is not launching in China on Friday, unlike last time, Shannon Cross, an analyst with Cross Research, explained.
Many customers will need to wait until next month for their new iPhones after Apple logged a record 4 million first-day pre-orders, double the number for the iPhone 5 two years ago.
Errand-service TaskRabbit said more than 500 people in the United States and London have hired individuals at $25 an hour to stand in line at Apple stores to grab the new iPhone, up 43 percent from requests during the iPhone 5 launch two year ago.
Apple's iPhone is "easily broken and expensive to fix," said Jim Jackson, a 55-year old from Phoenixville, Pennsylvania, who participated in the survey.
"Apple is following Samsung at this point in terms of design," Jackson added. "A couple of years ago they were making fun of Samsung because Samsung grew big and now they've gone big," he said, referring to the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and 5.5-inch iPhone 6-Plus that will hit store shelves on Friday.
That was the only area where Riggle saw innovation at Apple.
"The only new idea they've come up with is that they're adjusting the size of their products," she said.

J&K floods: Kolkata  rice bucket challenge  for relief60
0
Kolkata: Collections in the rice bucket challenge, as part of the "Joy of Giving" "Daan Utsav" week that began here Friday, will be donated for relief measures in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir, an organiser said Friday.
The Kolkata citizens' initiative is urging residents to take up the rice bucket challenge at the Avani Riverside Mall in Howrah here and plans to dispatch the rice to the flood-hit Kashmir Valley.
"There are a host of activities that encourage people to donate. In the rice bucket challenge, we have already collected around 400 kg of rice. Whatever amount we collect till Sep 21 will be sent as relief," volunteer Sara Adhikari told IANS.
Collections in the rice bucket challenge, as part of the "Joy of Giving" "Daan Utsav" week that began here Friday, will be donated for relief measures in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir, an organiser said Friday.
#rice bucket challenge #jammy and kashmir floods #kashmir floods #relief work
Modelled on the popular ALS ice bucket challenge, the Indian version, which encourages people to donate rice instead of dumping water, is gathering momentum in Kolkata with both online and offline events planned this month.
The Indian spin-off, started by Hyderabad-based Manju Latha Kalanidhi, involves donating rice to people in need in a country which is the world's second largest consumer of rice.
"Joy of Giving" week is celebrated across the country Oct 2-8. But the Kolkata initiative is being observed a week earlier to avoid a clash with the Durga Puja festivities during the first week of October.
Kolkata Victoria Round Table 227 has donated 200 kg of rice.
Jammu and Kashmir is battling the worst floods in 60 years, which have left over 200 people dead. About four lakh people are still marooned in Srinagar.
15

Alibaba: Tracking biggest ever tech IPORemember me on this computer
Sign in

Rupee ends at one-week on sustained dollar sellingForex update: Rupee ends at one-week high of 60.81 against dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 19, 2014  | 20:52 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Friday edged up three paise to end at a one-week high of 60.81 against the Greenback at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market on sustained dollar selling by exporters and capital inflows.
A strong dollar overseas and some hesitancy in local stocks , however, limited the rupee rise, forex dealers said.
On a weekly basis, the domestic unit, however, fell 16 paise to log its first weekly drop in seven largely due to the 48-paise drop on Monday.
The rupee on Friday resumed better at 60.78 a dollar from Thursday's close of 60.84 . It was trapped in a narrow range of 60.73 and 60.8975 before finishing at 60.81, a rise of three paise or 0.05 per cent. In previous four days, rupee rose by 32 paise or 0.52 per cent.
Friday's closing of 60.81 against US dollar is the highest level since 60.65 on September 12.
The British pound staged a solid rally in early trade on Friday, as Scottish voters had decided to remain in the UK but later cooled off and eased.
The dollar index was quoting sharply higher by 0.34 per cent against its major global rivals.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO, said, "Today rupee traded in a thin range and ended near previous close. Rupee is expected to appreciate in coming days tracking gains in local equities. Trading range for the Spot USD/INR pair is expected to be within 60.30 to 61.30."
In the forwards market on Friday, premium closed steady to firm on stray payments from banks and corporates.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February ended at its overnight closing level of 221.5-223.5 paise while far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 rose to 479.5-481.5 paise from 475-477 paise.
Meanwhile, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex , after two days of strong rally, ended lower by 21.79 points (or 0.08 per cent).
FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth US $25.31 million on Thursday, as per Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) data.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.8055 and for the euro at 78.4695.
The rupee remained weak against the pound to 99.54 from Thursday's close of 99.41 while continued its upward march to end at 78.17 per euro from 78.37. It also improved further to 55.89 per 100 Japanese yen from 55.98.

Obamacare website still isn t totally safeAs open enrollment nears, Obamacare website still isn't totally safe
By Jose Pagliery   @Jose_Pagliery September 19, 2014: 10:27 AM ET
 
Too poor for Obamacare
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Healthcare.gov still isn't as safe as it should be, and the annual open enrollment period starts again in just two months.
To be clear: Hackers haven't stolen sensitive data from the Obamacare site. But ongoing security and privacy issues plague Healthcare.gov, potentially putting your personal information at risk.
A report by the investigative arm of Congress, the Government Accountability Office, shows why the Obamacare website has room for improvement:
Security tests aren't complete. Health officials aren't conducting full, system-wide exams to make sure everything works together safely.
The Obamacare website didn't require strong passwords.
The website didn't patch bugs quickly enough.
The system didn't restrict test servers from accessing the Internet.
That last one sounds innocuous, but it's why the Obamacare site was hacked this summer . A test server -- that was never supposed to be connected to the Internet -- got infected with malware.
Luckily, the malware was the kind that spews spam, not steals personal data. And that server didn't house any personal information, so nothing was exposed, the government said.
At a House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform hearing Thursday, Gregory Wilshusen, the GAO's information security issues director, testified that the weaknesses that remain "put these systems and personal information at an increased and unnecessary risk of compromise."
There could be other problems facing Healthcare.gov too -- but Wilshusen complained health officials aren't giving investigators enough access to spot problems.
For those worried about a data breach, the Obamacare website doesn't keep your health records. But it does process valuable information: your name, address, Social Security number and income level.
 
Too poor for Obamacare
The Obamacare launch on Oct. 1, 2013 was a mess. For weeks the site was overwhelmed with traffic, and many people couldn't access it. Emails between top employees at the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services and Health and Human Services revealed at the House hearing showed:
Just five days before the nationwide launch, the CMS director of consumer information found out the website could only handle 10,000 users at once. "Performance testing results in the toilet," she wrote.
Early on, a top security official at CMS ordered employees to "hit the pause button" on an independent review of the website's security, because it was considered unfairly negative and "could see the light of day."
Weeks before the website went up, a senior health department adviser warned, "Whatever launches, if functional, will only technically meet the criteria of launching the exchange."
In an act of goodwill and transparency, health officials put the Healthcare.gov source code on the code-sharing community Github , where code naturally gets positive criticism. Then they awkwardly took it down because of "bashing of the source code" by developers.
When the website launched, Healthcare.gov was unsafely sending information unencrypted. That has since been fixed.
So far, 7.3 million people remain enrolled in Obamacare. That means 91% of the 8 million who signed up stuck around and paid for coverage.
First Published: September 19, 2014: 10:27 AM ET
Most Popular

Pabst Brewing Company  which produces quintessential American beers PBR  Colt 45  Old Milwaukee and Lone Star beers was sold to a Russian company.pabst brewing company  which produces quintessential american beers pbr  colt 45  old milwaukee and lone star beers was sold to a russian company.
Alibaba open expected before 12pm ET; seen $92-93Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis
© 2014 CNBC LLC.  All Rights Reserved.

Indian investment in US growing at faster rate: US officialIndian investment in US growing at faster rate: US official
Bill Gates offers $700 000 for flood victims in KashmirHi Guest
Bill Gates offers $700,000 for flood victims in Kashmir
American business tycoon and philanthropist Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation on Friday announced an emergency relief fund of $700,000 for the flood victims of Jammu and Kashmir. The help came in response to a request from Minister of State for Personnel Jitendra Singh, who hails from Jammu and Kashmir. The announcement was made by Gates when he called on Singh to discuss mutually shared areas of interest. Singh and Gates talked about shared areas of focus, ...

Union Minister of Women & Child Development Meets Melinda & Bill GatesUnion Minister of Women & Child Development Meets Melinda & Bill Gates
Indian Meteorological Department weather forecast of heavy rain in some states MHA advises concerned states for precautionary measuresIndian Meteorological Department weather forecast of heavy rain in some states MHA advises concerned states for precautionary measures
Nepal signs agreement with GMR for largest hydropower projectNepal signs agreement with GMR for largest hydropower project
Vegoil prices unlikely to fall until NovemberVegoil prices unlikely to fall until November
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, September 19:  
Vegetable oil prices, which are rising once again after falling to record lows in early September, are now likely to fall only after Diwali as domestic production steps-up on revival of monsoon in growing regions of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh, an expert said here on Thursday.
Due to abundant global supply of soyabean, cotton, rapeseed and sunflower crops, international price of these crops and their oil have come down in the last few months.
The US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has estimated higher soyabean crop in America and an all-time high rapeseed and sunflower crops in the EU.
Back home, cotton acreage is higher by 12 per cent compared to last year; while castor acreage is likely to rise by around 5 per cent by end of this month.
“Vegetable oil industry is facing pressure from both demand and supply side. Global supply of oilseeds crops is likely to increase due to higher output estimates from major producers such as the US, EU, Brazil and Argentina. Declining palm oil prices have put pressure on prices of edible oils,” said Raju Choksi, Vice-President (Agri Commodities), Anil Nutrients Ltd.
He said September rainfall in Maharashtra, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh has improved the condition of soyabean, cotton and groundnut crops, while it will help rapeseed acreage in rabi season.
“Lower international prices of soyabean oil and sunflower oil have boosted their imports; while declining palm oil prices is putting pressure on domestic prices of these vegetable oils.”
However, markets for edible oils have started looking up since the last week and are likely to remain steady to firm in face of seasonal demands.
Prices may soften post-Diwali when domestic crushing peaks, he added.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Sony expects to lose more than $2 billionSony expects to lose more than $2 billion
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 17, 2014: 5:13 AM ET
 
Sony's new gaming products in :90
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Things are going from bad to worse for Sony -- the Japanese company expects to lose billions of dollars this year as its smartphone business bleeds.
Sony said it estimates a staggering net loss of 230 billion yen ($2.1 billion) for its fiscal year ending next March. That's nearly five times the 50 billion yen loss the company previously forecast.
For the year, Sony ( SNE ) expects to post an operating loss of 40 billion yen, a plunge from the 140 billion yen in operating profit it estimated back in July.
The hit is entirely due to major losses in Sony's mobile communications segment, which is facing fierce competition in the mid-range market for smartphones.
In an effort to turn things around, Sony is changing the strategy for the division "to reduce risk and volatility, and to deliver more stable profits," the company said.
Rather than focus solely on growth, the company will concentrate on boosting its premium smartphones, and reducing the number of mid-range models offered.
Related: Hackers attack Sony PlayStation Network
None of this is good news for Sony, which posted a 128.4 billion yen net loss last year.
Sony's CEO Kazuo Hirai has his work cut out to rescue the company, which has suffered from years of losses and job cuts .
Things were looking so glum that Moody's even downgraded Sony's debt rating to "junk" status in January.
Some investors demanding dramatic changes have largely gone ignored.
Activist hedge fund manager Dan Loeb of Third Point pressed Hirai for a more far-reaching restructuring of the company, suggesting it spin off the film and music division. Sony's board rejected Loeb's plan.
First Published: September 17, 2014: 5:13 AM ET
Most Popular

Tycoon buys 30 Rolls-Royce PhantomsHong Kong tycoon buys 30 Rolls-Royce Phantoms
By Charles Riley   @CRrileyCNN September 17, 2014: 7:35 AM ET
Casino magnate Stephen Hung seals record order with Rolls-Royce Motor Cars CEO Torsten Mueller-Oetvoes.
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
One of Hong Kong's flashiest tycoons has thrown down the gauntlet to high rollers: Buying 30 Rolls-Royce Phantoms, for $20 million, in a single order.
Gambling magnate Stephen Hung is buying the luxury fleet through his casino firm Louis XIII Holdings.
The company is building a new casino in the Chinese territory of Macau, and Hung says the cars are needed to transport guests.
Louis XIII says the fleet will be the largest in the world. Two of the cars, equipped with "external and internal gold plated accents," are the most expensive Phantoms ever commissioned.
"Louis XIII and Rolls-Royce Motor Cars share the same philosophy: to deliver the perfect experience to the world's most discerning customers," Hung said.
Related: Where the billionaires are now
Hung's new casino is due to open in 2016 and will compete for a slice of Macau's riches. Gambling revenue in the territory topped $45 billion last year -- seven times larger than Las Vegas.
Hung is well known in Hong Kong for his ostentatious displays of wealth. According to a Wall Street Journal profile published late last year, the tycoon has a personal nine-car luxury fleet that includes a Bentley worth $1 million.
Hung's wife, Deborah Valdez-Hung, is said to be the owner of Hong Kong's most recognizable car -- a hot pink Rolls Royce. The car is adorned with a vanity plate that reads: "DEBORAH."
First Published: September 17, 2014: 6:46 AM ET
Most Popular

Monsoon deficit worsens to 12% as withdrawal is on trackMonsoon deficit worsens to 12% as withdrawal is on track
Vinson Kurian
Tweet
Thiruvananthapuram, September 18:  
With exactly 12 days to go for the end of the season, the monsoon has now run up a deficit of similar figure in percentage terms, a notch up than the week just past.
This needs to be seen also in the context of the drying of large parts of north-west and central India as the monsoon readies to withdraw from these areas.
Withdrawal track
The monsoon withdraws along the same path it had used to launch itself from the south-west of the country to the north-west.
This is along an arc that sweeps the plains of north-west India before covering east and north-east India, central India and the peninsula, in that order.
So the rains dry up first from the north-west (normally from the 1{+s}{+t} of September but delayed this time) and last from the peninsula – the latter would them host the North-East monsoon (or monsoon in retreat).
The South China Sea typhoon Kalmaegi made a landfall over southwest China and adjoining Vietnam earlier on Thursday even as an offspring low-pressure area persisted in the Bay of Bengal. In fact, this ‘low’ is for all practical purposes the last identified monsoon system active in the peninsular basin.
Fresh pacific storm
It should have brought in a rainfall of much higher intensity than it already has if only had Fung-Wong, a follow-up storm in the northwest Pacific, not tracked in the opposite direction and exerted its ‘pull.’
The new storm is headed towards Taiwan and further on towards Japan, according to the European Centre for Medium-Range Weather Forecasts.
By taking away residual flows from the Arabian Sea and Bay of Bengal, the storm would only hasten the process of monsoon withdrawal from central India.
Thundershowers are seen lingering over western parts of Maharashtra, coastal Karnataka and adjoining Kerala, and parts of southern Tamil Nadu into the last week of the month.
Rains for N-E
The 24 hours ending Thursday morning saw rain/thundershowers lash coastal Andhra Pradesh, Rayalaseema, north interior and coastal Karnataka, Konkan-Goa, Madhya Maharashtra and Odisha.
While coastal Andhra Pradesh, north Tamil Nadu and Odisha will witness varying amount of rains during the next week, the heavy to very heavy rain during the last phase of the monsoon shifts to the North-Eastern States. This is due to the west-ward bound rain waves from the South China Sea/northwest Pacific landing variously over the Myanmar and Bangladesh coasts before propagating towards the North-East.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

McDonald s raises dividend by 5%Lucky Europeans. These meringue-based confections are available at McDonald's locations throughout France and Austria.
Lucky Europeans. These meringue-based confections are available at McDonald's locations throughout France and Austria. (McDonald's)
Caption Sugar Donut - United Kingdom
McDonald's
The Brits and their brethren can grab this sweet treat for breakfast or dessert at McDonald's throughout the U.K.
The Brits and their brethren can grab this sweet treat for breakfast or dessert at McDonald's throughout the U.K. (McDonald's)
Caption Chicken Schnitzel Mayo Roll -- Australia
McDonald's Australia
Golden chicken schnitzel coated with light, crispy crumbs, topped off with tangy citrus mayo on a toasted sourdough roll.
Golden chicken schnitzel coated with light, crispy crumbs, topped off with tangy citrus mayo on a toasted sourdough roll. (McDonald's Australia)
See more galleries
Caption McAloo Tikki -- India
In India, Aloo tikki is basically a spiced potato croquette -- from the Indian words for potato and croquette. McDonald's adds the lettuce, tomato, sauce, bun and, of course, the Mc for a rough take on a traditional snack.
In India, Aloo tikki is basically a spiced potato croquette -- from the Indian words for potato and croquette. McDonald's adds the lettuce, tomato, sauce, bun and, of course, the Mc for a rough take on a traditional snack.
See more galleries
McDonald's food you can't get here
It's been 59 years since McDonald's became synonymous with burgers and fries in the U.S. Now it has more than 34,000 stores in 118 countries. Here's what you can find at Mickey D's around the world:
McDonald's food you can't get here
It's been 59 years since McDonald's became synonymous with burgers and fries in the U.S. Now it has more than 34,000 stores in 118 countries. Here's what you can find at Mickey D's around the world:
McDonald's typically announces dividend increases in September. It announced a 5 percent increase in 2013, a 10 percent increase in 2012 and a 15 percent increase in 2011. McDonald’s has raised its dividend each year since the first dividend was paid in 1976.
"Today's dividend increase reflects the continued strength and sustainability of our cash flow and our commitment to enhancing shareholder value," McDonald's President and CEO Don Thompson said in a statement.
Thompson reiterated that the company plans to return $18 billion to $20 billion to shareholders from 2014 through 2016. So far this year, it has returned $3.2 billion to shareholders, Thompson said.

Bayer: some of the parts© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/9e91e428-3f43-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Drugstores: Bitter pill to swallow© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/255ae60e-3f52-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

It s official: Alibaba prices at $68It's official: Alibaba prices at $68
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 18, 2014: 9:19 PM ET
 
7 things you can do on Alibaba
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce giant, secured its place in history Thursday as the largest U.S.-listed initial public offering (IPO) of all time.
The stock priced at $68 per share. That's at the top of the expected range , signaling strong demand.
Only large investors like hedge funds are typically able buy at this IPO price. Alibaba's shares will begin trading Friday under the ticker symbol "BABA" on the New York Stock Exchange. At that point, anyone can buy the stock.
The IPO deal raised $21.8 billion, the largest ever for a company listed on an American exchange. In any deal like this, the investment banks that help make it happen have the option to purchase additional shares. If you include all of those shares, the IPO would raise $25 billion -- a world record.
Alibaba, which was founded by former English teacher Jack Ma, is now one of the biggest tech companies in the world.
If you've never heard of Alibaba, you're definitely not alone.
Related: Everything you need to know about Alibaba
The Chinese company is often described as a mash-up of eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ), Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ) and PayPal. Alibaba has little presence in the U.S., though that's expected to change. At the moment, it does own a stake in ride-sharing service Lyft.
Alibaba is hitting the public markets with some elite Silicon Valley company. The IPO values Alibaba at a whopping $167.6 billion. That's more than double eBay's $64 billion market value and even tops the market cap of 20-year-old Amazon.com.
Based on Alibaba's earnings for the 12 months ended in March, the IPO values Alibaba at a lofty price-to-earnings multiple of 44.
But investors are focused on Alibaba's dominance in e-commerce in China, which has a fast growing middle class.
The value of all the merchandise changing hands on Alibaba's platform totaled $248 billion in 2013, according to estimates by IDC. That's greater than the gross merchandise volume of Amazon.com, eBay, JD.com ( JD ) and Japanese e-commerce company Rakuten ( RKUNF ) -- combined.
 
Related: Alibaba is not the Amazon of China
However, there are a number of risks investors need to be aware of before jumping into Alibaba.
First, Alibaba has an unusual corporate structure that gives its partners control of the board and regular investors little power. The Hong Kong exchange doesn't even allow this type of structure.
Also, Alibaba's platforms have in the past been a haven for counterfeit goods . The Office of the U.S. Trade Representative previously labeled Alibaba's Taobao platform a "notorious marketplace" with "widespread availability of counterfeit and pirated goods." However, Alibaba has been on a mission to clean house ahead of the IPO.
Related: Should you buy the Alibaba IPO?
Ma, the unlikely billionaire founder of Alibaba, is making a fortune on the IPO . He is selling 12.75 million shares in the deal, which will earn him $867 million. He will keep a nearly 8% stake in the company.
The strong Alibaba IPO represents a big win for Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ). That's because the U.S. Internet company owns a 22.4% stake in Alibaba. Yahoo is expected to unload about 140 million shares during the IPO.
Other winners in the Alibaba IPO include the underwriters, who are set to haul in millions in fees. These Wall Street banks include Credit Suisse ( CS ), Deutsche Bank ( DB ), Goldman Sachs ( GS ) and JPMorgan Chase ( JPM ).
First Published: September 18, 2014: 5:46 PM ET
Most Popular

Oracle: new skippers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/e746cbda-3f6f-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ONGC expects east coast discovery to go on stream by 2018Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
ONGC expects east coast discovery to go on stream by 2018
Richa Mishra
ONGC Chairman and Managing Director, DK Sarraf (file photo)
New Delhi, Sept 19:  
ONGC is targeting 2018 to start production from its east coast oil and gas block, which is adjacent to Reliance Industries Ltd-operated KG-D6 block. This was stated by ONGC Chairman and Managing Director, D K Sarraf, when addressing the shareholders at the company’s 21st annual general meeting here.
The public sector hydrocarbons major has been facing flak from the Government because of delay in bringing the east coast finds in KG-DWN-98/2 block on stream. In fact, the Ministry for Petroleum & Natural gas has been questioning the company on delay, while private players in the vicinity have already started producing.
The area has been in the news because of the allegations made by ONGC that there was a shift in reservoir which could have resulted in RIL drawing gas from its find. The two have now asked Texas-based DeGolyer and MacNaughton (D&M), an international petroleum consultant, to assess ONGC’s claims.
In his address to shareholders, Sarraf that the management was committed towards expeditious development of the company’s oil and gas reserves. Out of 15 prospective projects taken up for development, seven projects are already complete and 8 are under various stages of implementation.
“Out of the other major planned projects, management is especially focused on the development of Daman and KG-DWN-98/2,” he said. Peak Production from Daman, a cluster of several discoveries in western offshore, envisaged at about 8.5 MMSCMD. It expects to start production by July, 2016.
In terms of production ONGC remained the largest producer of crude oil and natural gas in the country in 2014 fiscal. Production from its own domestic fields was maintained at 45.53 million tonne of oil equivalent (mmtoe) against 46.11 mmtoe in fiscal 2013. The total Oil plus Oil-equivalent Gas (O+OEG) production of ONGC Group in fiscal 2014 (including ONGC Videsh and ONGC's share in Production Sharing Contracts) has been 59.2 mmtoe against 58.73 in fiscal 2013.
Sarraf said that the company’s major oil and gas producing fields are ageing and showing natural decline, but with Improved Oil Recovery (IOR) and Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) schemes applied in these fields till Fiscal 2014, a cumulative incremental gain of 87.41 million tonne has been achieved.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Investors back UK assets in relief rallyInvestors back UK assets in relief rally
By Elaine Moore, Delphine Strauss and Ralph Atkins
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/169eb2c0-3fc1-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No vote to boost Scottish property dealsNo vote to boost Scottish property dealmaking
By Kate Allen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d4a1ec28-3f4f-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Boost from Scots no may be shortlivedMarket boost from Scots ‘No’ could be shortlived
By John Authers
Slow-burning political risk for the UK will increase
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/23077bca-3fc9-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scotland poll will leave Cameron weakerScotland referendum will leave David Cameron weaker
By Gideon Rachman
Nationalists round the world will seize on the vote against independence
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d654227e-3f3c-11e4-a861-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UK financial shares jump on Scottish pollSeptember 19, 2014 9:41 am
UK financial shares jump on Scottish referendum
By FT reporters
UK financial shares were up sharply after the market opened on Friday following the Scottish referendum result , although the City of London warned that serious questions remained unresolved.
RBS shares were up 3.5 per cent at 366p, Lloyds shares rose 1.7 per cent to 77.2p and Standard Life shares were up 1.7 per cent at 424p.
More
UK slips in global table for business tax
The No vote has come as a particular relief to many in the financial services industry, and its investors. Last week both RBS , the majority state-owned bank , and Lloyds announced plans to move their registered offices to London if Scotland voted for independence. Edinburgh-based insurer Standard Life had warned it could move large parts of its operations to England.
RBS said: “Following the result it is business as usual for all our customers across the UK and RBS.”
The RBS board met on Friday morning to discuss the referendum result. One board member said: “We won’t now look to re-domicile,” adding that the bank would “still need to do some re-plumbing” to cope with the ringfencing of its UK retail operations under the new regulatory regime drawn up by Sir John Vickers.
Top managers at both Lloyds and RBS expressed relief at the referendum outcome on Friday. One said: “The costs of moving towards a separate Scottish state would have been substantial. Another risk removed.”
Another said: “We always thought the vote would be a (small) no, but obviously had to have a contingency plan, with 18 months to execute it. Now the status quo remains.”
Standard Life said: “We recognise that further constitutional change is very likely following the clear result of the referendum. We will consider the implications of any changes for our customers and other stakeholders in our business to ensure their interests are represented and protected.”
National Australia Bank and its Scottish member Clydesdale Bank said that it was “business as usual”.
Martin Gilbert, chief executive of Aberdeen Asset Management, said: “UK investors will welcome a reduction in the uncertainty of recent months.”
The government insisted in the lead-up to the referendum that it would not be making contingency plans for a “yes” vote. The exception to that was the Bank of England, which was on standby for any signs of panic among savers and depositors in Scottish financial institutions.
On Friday morning, the BoE made no comment following the verdict, even as other parts of the City greeted it with open relief. The central bank had been ready to offer emergency liquidity resources to banks north of the border if there had been signs of deposit flight.
There had been reports of some movements of capital out of Scotland in the run-up to the referendum. To the extent this happened, it may not reverse immediately, cautioned Neville Hill, chief European economist at Credit Suisse. “One lesson from Europe is deposits tend to run away and walk home – there is a degree of inertia,” he said.
More video
“For the Scottish banks it has been stressful and I think you will see them re-domicile anyway in the medium term,” said Philippe Bodereau, a fund manager at Pimco who invests in banks. “The result of the Yes vote is high enough and will make it hard to permanently bury independence talk and the prudent avenue for a board should be to redomicile.”
The City of London welcomed Scotland’s decision to remain part of the UK.
Mark Boleat, chairman of the policy and resources committee at City of London Corporation, said: “This is a vote for certainty and stability, enabling businesses to plan effectively and individuals to feel certainty about their financial decisions. It is also a vote in favour of the future of the UK – stronger together, working for economic growth, EU reform and a financial centre ripe for innovation and open for business.”
But while the “No” vote removes the burden of uncertainty around key concerns such as currency and regulation, as discussion on devolution progresses the focus will turn to areas such as taxation.
Peter Wallace, head of financial services at EY Scotland, said the impact of any further legislative changes, particularly those around taxation, would move up the agenda. “Change is coming to Scotland regardless of today’s result in the shape of the Scotland Act and the timetable of additional powers proposed by the Better Together campaign.”
Christopher Price, head of financial services for UK & Ireland at EY, said: “There’s no doubt the referendum has unsettled investors. While the “no” vote should stymie any panicked reactions, investors and those who run businesses are now looking for long-term policy certainty. Depending on what follows today’s result, there may still be implications for financial services in Scotland.”
Howard Shore, executive chairman at Shore Capital, a brokerage, said: “If we end up with devo max, there will [be] a much more regional form of government in the UK. The West Lothian solution comes on the table whereby Scottish MPs won’t be able to vote on a whole range of things affecting England. That’s a good thing.”

BJP asks Shiv Sena to cede 59 seats that it has never wonBJP asks Shiv Sena to cede 59 seats that it has never won
Rahul Wadke
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
The Maharashtra unit of the BJP at its core meeting had asked Shiv Sena to give away 59 seats from its quota, which it has never won in the previous Assembly elections.
Since today morning the core committee has been holding a series of meeting for discussing the seat sharing arrangement with Shiv Sena.
Member of the committee and Leader of Opposition in Maharashtra Assembly, Eknath Khadase told media persons that the alliance with Shiv Sena will remain intact but it should cede more seats to BJP.
For the sake of alliance, BJP has given away seven Lok Sabha seats to Shiv Sena over the last 25 years. In a similar manner, Shiv Sena should now reciprocate and give 59 seats to the party, “Our demand is only for those seats on, which have never been won by Shiv Sena in the last 25 years,” Khadse said.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Norms for REITs to be notified soon: SebiNorms for REITs to be notified soon: Sebi
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 04:54 PM IST
With an aim to attract greater foreign and domestic investments into real estate, Sebi today said it will soon notify norms for creation and listing of business trusts for this key sector.
Two separate committees have been set-up for the specific guidelines on the issue.
Addressing a conference organised by Assocham here, Sebi Executive Director Ananta Barua said: "We will soon notify the new norms on Real Estate Investment Trusts or REITs.
"Sebi has set up two committees that are looking into specifying guidelines for issues and similarly for listing of those units a separate committee has been set up."
Barua added: "We are trying to deepen the market and also bringing more investment products so that investment can be channelised to meet the needs of the economy."
He also said that REITs to be introduced in India is mainly for commercial assets - office premises, industrial parks, IT parks, warehouses, apartments which are rental and not for residential properties.
He explained that REITs is being compared with mutual funds but it is a totally different product and similar to the IPO in the sense that the equity shares, as asset, would be there throughout life.
"This whole regime is based on disclosures and not on merits and as the Sebi we will not go into whether this asset is good for REIT or not, here the parties will take the transactions as a lot of transparency has been given at all the levels, disclosure will be there," he said.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India's board had approved the regulations on Real Estate Investment Trusts last month after receiving public comments.
He further said that before making these regulations Sebi had consulted the investors, not only in India but all over the world even the pension funds, sovereign wealth funds from many countries like South Africa and Qatar among others.
According to experts, the new instrument has potential of attracting $8-10 billion into the real estate sector.
REITs would pool in money from investors and issue units in exchange. Most of the money collected would be invested in commercial properties which are completed and generate income.
The norms would enable listing and trading of REITs as any other security on the stock exchange and also help create new platform for raising of funds by real estate companies.
The guidelines, approved by Sebi board, have fixed the minimum requirement for asset sizes permitted to be listed in India at Rs 500 crore. Earlier there was a minimum requirement of Rs 1,000 crore in this regard.
REITs may invest directly in properties or through a special purpose vehicle (SPV). As per the norms, 80% of the value of a REIT shall be invested in completed and revenue-generating assets, and the remaining 20% may be invested in developmental properties and other assets.
In the Union budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had announced significant tax incentives for this product.

KBC winds up diamond finance armSeptember 19, 2014 1:55 pm
KBC winds up diamond finance arm after China deal collapses
By Duncan Robinson in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1fa44136-3fef-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP s proposal to Sena  wants talks on each seatBJP s proposal to Sena  wants talks on each seat
Global financial markets heave relief sigh as Scots say  No  to separationBusiness as usual resumes for markets
BS Reporters | Mumbai Sep 19, 2014 10:34 PM IST
The world’s financial markets can heave a sigh of relief, as one big uncertainty is out of the way. With Scotland not opting for independence, the UK could see foreign capital, which had flown out as fears of a split increased over the past couple of weeks, return. Economists do not expect the referendum result to impact economic data flow. The currency market is expected to return to where it was before the political turmoil started a few weeks ago.
Daragh Maher, a currency strategist at HSBC, says, “When we look back to where sterling was trading against the dollar before politics became a worry, it was trading $1.6620 or so. So one could argue that is where we should head back to. We don’t think it should go that far as we have also seen a generalised dollar rally over the past couple of weeks, so we suspect that 1.6500 is an appropriate level.”
US stocks were rising in early trading on Friday, setting record highs on the Dow and S&P 500 after Scotland's vote to remain in the UK. The Dow Jones industrial average was up 45.92 points, or 0.27 per cent, at 17,311.91. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index was up 3.14 points, or 0.16 per cent, at 2,014.50. The Nasdaq Composite Index was up 2.82 points, or 0.06 per cent, at 4,596.24. MSCI’s global share index edge up 0.01 per cent and was on track for a fifth weekly gain in the last six, as were major US indexes.
On Friday, the 50-share Nifty also rose 0.08 per cent to 8,121.45. But the benchmark BSE Sensex fell 0.08 per cent, or 21.79 points, to end at 27,090.42, notching up a weekly gain of 0.11 percent.
With the dollar strengthening against the most developed currencies such as the euro and pound, there might be some action in the currency markets. “I don’t think the event (Scottish vote) will have too much bearing on Indian equities. The impact may be relevant in currency markets,” says Jitendra Sriram, director and head of research, global research, at HSBC Securities and Capital Markets.
Hours after the result of the referendum came out, economists and strategists across the globe rushed to say the markets had not factored in a ‘Yes’ anyway.
For India, the US Federal Reserve’s move on interest rates was more relevant than Scottish independence. “By itself, the Scottish verdict will not have any impact on Indian equities,” said Vinay Khattar, associate director and head of research at Edel Invest Research. For now, relatively stable emerging markets such as India and the Philippines are better placed to survive the turmoil in the currency markets in case the US Fed raises rates in June 2015.
Andrew Colquhoun, senior director (sovereigns) at Fitch, says: “Mongolia and Indonesia are likely to be more vulnerable in an interest-rate shock scenario; while India, the Philippines and Malaysia are better positioned.”

Geeks have become their own worst enemiesBy Alyssa Rosenberg September 19 Follow @AlyssaRosenberg
‘Guardians of the Galaxy’s Peter Quill is secure in his affection for the music of the late 1970s. (Disney – Marvel/Associated Press)
In a debate on the nature of geek culture at its present juncture published earlier this week, my friend Frederick deBoer wrote what I think is a succinct and important summary of one of the more dismaying trends in cultural conversation today: the inability of people who love what is now the dominant culture to recognize that their interests have gone from marginal to hegemonic.
“My fear is not merely that the geeks will never come to acknowledge their triumph, as comfortable as they are in their self-professed victimhood,” deBoer argued . “I fear too that we have come to so thoroughly associate fandom with grievance that the two are now inextricable. That, I suspect, is the long-term consequence of the rise of the geeks: that we no longer know how to enjoy art without enjoying it against others.”
If being angry at someone who likes something else has become so inextricably bound up in our own pleasure in things that we love, it would go a long way toward explaining why debates about previously nerdy cultural objects and pastimes have become so heated — even at a moment when there are more of these objects being produced at a higher level of professionalism and consumed by larger audiences than ever before.
The numbers are undeniable. In television, the number of scripted shows on cable alone has risen 1,000 percent in the last 15 years , and that figure does not even account for the rise of aggressive new players like Netflix and Amazon. When a graph charting the growth in the number of video games released each year was circulated in 2010, the curve was so dramatic that Kotaku’s Luke Plunkett wrote that it made him feel overwhelmed. Superhero movies have also seen a steady climb in the market share they command.
Nobody is asking that Marvel and DC stop making movies and television shows about male superheroes until we have enough Black Panther, She-Hulk, Ms. Marvel and Wonder Woman movies to constitute parity or proportional representation. Instead, the request is that, in a market where the appetite for superhero movies seems to be infinite, a few of these non-white, non-male characters get some of the slots in an ever-expanding roster that may stretch as far out as 2028 .
Explicitly feminist video game critics, like Anita Sarkeesian , and producers of alternative video games like Zoe Quinn , are not actually calling for video games that involve violent, exploitative or indifferent behavior towards woman to be yanked off the market. Instead, they are suggesting that the market still has room to expand, and that some of that expansion might come from a different sort of offering, be it more playable female characters in franchises like “Assassin’s Creed” or more choose-your-own adventure and casual gaming options with new perspectives.
And the boom in television means that there is more vastly more content out there than any critic can consume, much less any viewer who also has a job and a personal life. If we want to glut ourselves on our television genre of choice, we can watch our fill and still have there be plenty of room in the programming schedule for innovative offerings like Netflix’s prison drama “Orange Is the New Black” to be breakout hits. Tony Soprano and his ilk do not have to die so Poussey and Taystee can live .
Maybe this is a period of adjustment, and flag-flying geeks and nerds will emerge from this upheaval in a better place. Maybe people will see that the video game industry can survive both expansion and criticism. Maybe “Game of Thrones” fans will recognize that the show’s essence will survive even with fewer naked, threatened women on screen. Maybe the bomb threats will stop .
The essence of confidence is the ability to handle critiques and the existence of challengers with grace and security in your own position. If what deBoer is describing is a permanent state, though, then a certain subset of angry geeks will prove themselves to be exactly what the once-dominant culture said they were all along: myopic and insecure. The hysterical reactions to criticism and challenge do far more damage to the proposition that geek culture contains rich forms, stories and communities worth taking seriously than any critic ever could.
Alyssa Rosenberg blogs about pop culture for The Washington Post's Opinions section.

Indian Muslims will live and die for India: ModiIndian Muslims will live, die for country: Modi
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 20, 2014 12:52 AM IST
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said Indian Muslims would rather live and die for India than dance to the tunes of terror outfits such as Al Qaida. He said Indian Muslims would never want anything bad for India, adding people trying to influence them to do otherwise were delusional.
Modi, set to leave for the US next week on his maiden official visit to that country, told CNN in an interview he was confident India-US relations would overcome sundry difficulties and friction to achieve a genuinely strategic alliance, as there were many similarities between the two societies. He said both Indians and Americans “have coexistence in their natural temperament”.
Modi told CNN’s Fareed Zakaria that the “mood” in both New Delhi and Washington was in “harmony” with the understanding to improve bilateral relations substantially.
Modi will attend a UN General Assembly session in New York. He will also have a meeting with US President Barack Obama at the White House, Washington.
The Indian prime minister, often criticised for his apparent refusal to tender an official apology for the anti-Muslim riots in 2002, when he was chief minister of Gujarat, has had a difficult past with the US. In 2005, the American government refused to grant him a visa because of his failure to check the riots.
In the interview, when Modi was asked about Al Qaida issuing a video earlier this month with an appeal to Muslims of the Indian subcontinent to join the Indian arm of the terror outfit, he said: “My understanding is they are doing injustice to the Muslims of our country. If anyone thinks Indian Muslims will dance to their tune, they are delusional.
“Indian Muslims will live for India, they will die for India — they will not want anything bad for India,” he said.
In the video, Al Qaida chief Ayman al-Zawahiri had appealed to Muslims of South Asia to join the terror outfit to end their “oppression” in places such as Kashmir, as well as Modi’s home state of Gujarat.
The Indian prime minister, whose detractors have also questioned his refusal to wear a skull cap, was also asked about the phenomenon that of the 170 million Muslims in India, there seemed to be no or very few members of Al Qaida, though it was present in Afghanistan and Pakistan. “What is it that has made this community not as susceptible?” Zakaria asked.
Modi answered he was not the authority on doing a psychological and religious analysis on this. “But the question is whether or not humanity should be defended in the world; whether or not believers in humanity should unite. This is a crisis against humanity, not a crisis against one country or one race. So, we have to frame this as a fight between humanity and inhumanity, nothing else,” he said.
His comments on Muslims being patriots come in the wake of Bharatiya Janata Party leaders such as Yogi Adityanath, backed by the party’s ideological mentor, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, raising the issue of ‘love jihad’ consistently in the run-up to the recent by-polls in Uttar Pradesh. His statements are also in contrast to several Bharatiya Janata party leaders questioning the patriotism of Muslims, during the Lok Sabha elections.
On the possibility of India and the US developing a genuinely strategic alliance, Modi said: “I have a one-word answer, and with great confidence I say — yes. Let me explain: There are many similarities between the US and India. If you look at the last few centuries, two things come to light — America has absorbed people from around the world, and there is an Indian in every part of the world. This characterises both the societies. Indians and Americans have co-existence in their temperament.”
Modi said while “there have been ups and downs in our relationship in the last century...from the end of the 20th century to the first decade of the 21st century, we have witnessed a big change. Our ties have deepened. India and the US are bound together by history and culture.  These ties will deepen further”.
Asked if he felt there was a genuine desire in Washington to try and improve the relationship with India, the prime minister said relations between India and the US should not be seen within the limits of just New Delhi and Washington.
“It is a much larger sphere. The good thing is the mood in both New Delhi and Washington is in harmony with this understanding. Both sides have played a role in this.”

GSM players add 55.4 lakh users in August: COAIGSM players add 55.4 lakh users in August: COAI
BS Reporter | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 07:04 PM IST
GSM operators have added 55.4 lakh subscribers in August to take the total subscriber base to 74.99 crore, according to data by Cellular Operators Association of India.
The GSM subscriber base stood at 74.44 crore at the end of July 2014, COAI said.
However, the numbers by COAI does not include GSN numbers of Reliance Communications and Tata Teleservices.
Idea Cellular added the maximum number of users in August with 17.2 lakh subscribers with 14.18 crore and 18.91% market share.Vodafone added 12.2 lakh subscribers with a total base of 17.24 crore at the end of the month with a market share at 23 per cent.
Bharti Airtel added 7.69 lakh users and its userbase has increased to 21.05 crore at the end of August and market share at 28.07%.
Aircel added 9.05 lakh users to take its base to 7.48 crore whereas Uninor added 7.06 lakh subscribers and its base stood at 4.08 crore at the end of August. Videocon added 1.96 lakh subscribers to increase its base to 58.34 lakh and state-run MTNL too added 10,017 users to take its base to 32.93 lakh.

Why Switzerland is Nevadas biggest foreign export marketSeptember 19, 2014
This item and its headline have been corrected.
The Washington Post published a map Thursday of the top foreign export markets for every US state. For most states, 35 in all, the top export market is Canada. For six states, it’s China. And for five states, all in the country’s southwest, it’s Mexico. But one state stands out on the map.
The top foreign export partner for Nevada, known to the world for Las Vegas, is Switzerland.  Nevada exports $2.7 billion worth of goods, or 31% of the value of the state’s total exports abroad, to the wealthy, landlocked European nation, according to the US Census Bureau.
The major export: gold. Last year, Nevada exported $3.9 billion worth of gold in total. As seen in the chart below, if the state were a country, it would rank among the top 10 gold exporters globally. Switzerland, where the Swiss Franc is still backed by gold reserves, is the world’s gold hub, refining two-thirds of the world’s gold , by some estimates.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Correction (Sept. 19 2014, 10am EST): This item has been corrected to describe Switzerland as Nevada’s largest export market, not its largest trading partner.
Share this:

Telangana CM seeks higher devolution of taxes under 14thFinance CommissionTelangana CM seeks higher devolution of taxes under 14th Finance Commission
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 19:  
The Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao today made a case to devolve higher per cent of Central tax revenue to the State based on the functional responsibilities in the federal set up.
Speaking at the meeting of the 14th Finance Commission chaired by Y.V.Reddy and convened here today, the Chief Minister wanted the commission to allocate 40 per cent of the Central tax revenues in line with the roles played by the Centre and the State.
The Chief Minister of the newly formed State of Telangana submitted a memorandum making some suggestions and requesting the commission to consider the current status while allocating fund.
He said that the State is highly vulnerable to droughts and natural calamities, and therefore the Centre’s contribution may be increased. Nine out of 10 districts in the State are covered under backward region grant fund and the XII Five-year Plan had categorised Khammam and Mahbubnagar as ‘Most Hungry.’ Backwardness still haunts the State, six decades after formation of the combined State.
Favouring the introduction of Goods and Services Tax, he wanted it to ensure there is no accentuation of vertical imbalances and compromise of autonomy of States. “We are particular that an adequate compensatory mechanism is put in place. The important issue is to strike a balance between autonomy of States and the need for harmonisation of taxes across the common market of India,” he said.
“We want to reinvent and reorient Telangana. The institution of Finance Commission has a formidable reputation of nurturing the spirit of cooperative fiscal federalism and successfully adjudicating the claims of the Centre and States in a fair and equitable manner,” he said.
Rao said the neglect of Telangana in the combined State has been brought out vividly by the Planning Commission. It had observed that the balanced development in the State had become a casualty and regional imbalances went on increasing because of lopsided politics.
Eighty per cent of the State’s population belong to SCs, STs and backward classes. Despite backwardness, an erroneous impression has gained ground about the revenue potential of Hyderabad in particular and Telangana in general, he said.
He highlighted the fact that the growth of the economy slipped from 10.5 per cent during 2005-06 to 2009-10 to 4.5 per cent in 2012-13. The major challenge for the State Government is not only to regain the growth momentum but also make it inclusive.
Touching about various initiatives of the Government to bring all round development of the State, he said that the State requires funds to meet this expenses which could be met by higher tax revenue devolution.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Samsung sets up 6th branded customer service plazaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Samsung sets up 6th branded customer service plaza
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 19:  
Samsung Electronics has strengthened its customer service network with the launch of its sixth branded Customer Service Plaza in Hyderabad. After Delhi, Mumbai, Pune, Noida and Chennai, this will be Samsung’s sixth flagship Customer Service Plaza.
Samsung has a customer service networks with 2,800 service points, reaching out to customers in different corners of India. With 24x7 hours call centre operations and more than 10,000 trained experts, the innovative concept aims to deliver best in class after-sales service exclusively for Samsung customers.
B.D. Park, President & CEO, Samsung South West Asia, in a statement said: “Samsung’s biggest strength is customer-centricity and we are continuously innovating to meet the requirements of our customers.”
Samsung has been working on its service touch points enhancement with 20 branded customer service plazas and more than 800 branded mobile service plazas across India. The services are supported by a network of nearly 50 parts warehouses and 4 world-class training academies.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

African Minerals seeks to raise ore priceAfrican Minerals seeks to raise iron ore prices
By James Wilson, Mining Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c84f8f2a-3fe0-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba CEO Jack Ma on  Ecosystems  and  Forrest Gumpalibaba ceo jack ma on  ecosystems  and  forrest gump
Bitcoin is plunging againMatt Phillips @MatthewPhillips
September 19, 2014
We’re in the midst of another sharp sell-off for everyone’s favorite crypto-currency, with the price of bitcoin falling by more than 9%—to less than $400 at moments—this morning, according to the bitcoin data site BlockChain .
Why? Who knows. Technical analysts have tried to paste some sort of paper-thin rationale on it. (Personally I can’t help but wonder if some of the people willing to make highly speculative gambles are looking to move their money into Alibaba today, in the hope that it may be the next big momentum-driven money-maker.)
Share
Tap image to zoom
Unless it’s the Argentinian peso, this is no way for a respectable currency to behave. And that’s exactly the point: Bitcoin is not a respectable currency. At the moment, it’s merely a plaything for tech-savvy gamblers with far too much money on their hands.
Still, over the long-term, the technological underpinnings of bitcoin as a payment system seem to have promise .
Share this:

MTNL not to infuse any fresh equity into Nepalese ventureMTNL not to infuse any fresh equity into Nepalese venture
Mansi Taneja | New Delhi Sep 19, 2014 07:32 PM IST
State-run telecom firm MTNL has decided not to infuse any fresh equity into its Nepal's joint venture United Telecom Ltd (UTL) as it was not commercially viable.
MTNL has also proposed to sell its stake in the venture, which is being examined by the Department of Telecommunications (DoT). But, another proposal of bringing a rights issue was floated by the shareholders of UTL to fund the venture but MTNL decided not to invest further, according to a note by DoT.
UTL is a joint-venture between MTNL with 26.68% stake, Telecommunications Consultants India Limited (TCIL) and Tata Communications with 26.66% stake and Nepalese firm Nepal Ventures Pvt Ltd (NVL) with 20% stake.
MTNL, few months back, had roped in SBI Capital Markets to evaluate feasibility of investments in UTL.
In the recent shareholders meeting of UTL, it was also decided that NVL will pump in money of about NR 45 crore and be entitled to appoint one additional director with other shareholders remaining with one director each. Once, NVL reaches 51% of the total paid up capital, all shareholders will be entitled to appoint one director each subject to 10% of paid up capital.
The shareholders also agreed to increase the authorised capital to NR 600 crore. Apart from NVL, rest of the shareholders will have an option to exit after 2 years after giving a notice of 3 months, according to the note.
UTL, which was incorporated in 2001, offers service in 44 out of about 75 districts. Nepal's mobile services market is dominated by Swedish telecom major TeliaSonera's arm NCell with 57% market share and state-run Nepal Doorsanchar Company Limited with 43% market share.
UTL has a market share of only 2% in voice telephony with about 5 lakh customer base. The company is into landline business which has seen decline due to advent of mobile telephony business.

Alibaba traders point to strong NYSE debutAlibaba closes at $93.89 in NYSE debut
By Nicole Bullock and Eric Platt in New York and Sarah Mishkin in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8150f416-4002-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wall St record as Alibaba lists sharesS&P 500 retreats from record high
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17efbb1a-3f9e-11e4-a5f5-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The way back for Labour in ScotlandSeptember 19, 2014 3:10 pm
The way back for Labour in Scotland
By John McTernan
The party needs a crusade to organise all of the referendum’s energy, writes John McTernan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dfb11416-3f5b-11e4-984b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Greater autonomy will remain a UK issueSeptember 19, 2014 3:20 pm
UK will grapple with the unsolved problem of greater autonomy
By Richard Haass
The outcome will make way for problems that stretch beyond our borders, says Richard Haass
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7c6169c8-3ff7-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Last-minute deals put England in focus© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/622d8fa4-3fd5-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

When celebrities sell the carElliott Gould’s drive time
Judging by reactions to the Lincoln Motor Company’s new advertising campaign, viewers – in amazement and perhaps stupefaction – blinked before either beefcake did.
Paying celebrities to sell cars is a perilous business. In theory, the pitch person amplifies the manufacturer’s message, while in practice, the advert may condense The Odd Couple down to 30 awkward seconds. Sometimes, however, a pairing taps a nerve, resonating beyond the wildest projections of even the most bullish agency executive.
Here are some of the most curious and courageous link-ups in car-advert history.
Kylie Minogue / Ford (2002)
In her long-awaited global breakthrough year, the Australian pop singer capitalised on her newfound ubiquity with… an advert for the most affordable car in Ford’s global portfolio. Minogue’s spot for the Street Ka, set in a northern Italian town, is not subtle in its messaging, but who needs subtlety when the biggest pop star in the world is driving your budget convertible?
Ricardo Montalbán / Chrysler (1975-80)
The suave, crisply tailored star was at the height of his popularity when Chrysler contracted him to pitch its Cordoba luxury two-door sedan. The Mexican actor pronounced the coupe’s name Cor-DO-bah rather than the proper COR-do-bah, and a “lean-burn engine” may have sounded as thrilling as lettuce to consumers squeezed by the 1970s oil crisis, but the mere richness and measured cadence of Montalbán’s voice sold the vehicle. Chrysler would turn to Montalbán again in the late ‘80s for its New Yorker sedan campaign, but it is the Cordoba – and its “Corinthian leather” – with which the actor is forever linked.
Tiger Woods / Buick (2001)
Already one of history’s most dominant golfers at age 24, Woods could have endorsed towel lint in 2001 and been called a visionary. But a supremely athletic 24-year-old behind the wheel of a Buick – long the territory of retirees who might otherwise practice their putter – created perhaps the most dissonant piece of car advertising of the new millennium. When Woods’ romantic life became headline news in 2009, nobody was surprised to learn that his damaged SUV was not a Rendezvous .
Jean Claude Van Damme / Volvo Trucks (2013)
The pieces did not add up. A Belgian action star in his third act; a Swedish trucking company; an Enya soundtrack; a Spanish sunset. Working in concert, however, they created the most popular automotive video uploaded to YouTube in 2013 – or in any other year.
Tina Turner / Plymouth (1988)
Until its dissolution in 2001, Plymouth was positioned as the value brand in the Chrysler firmament. It contracted Tina Turner to convey that approachability for its 1989 Acclaim sedan. A close relation to the roundly reviled K-cars (the name stemmed from the internal designation for models built on Chrysler’s K platform), the Acclaim held little in common with its vivacious spokeswoman other than its name.
Matthew McConaughey / Lincoln Motor (2014)
Since 2012, Ford’s luxury subsidiary has been treated to a new design studio, a brand re-launch and three new models , all part of a $2bn investment by its parent. Lincoln’s loudest move, however, may be in making US actor Matthew McConaughey (in his Oscar-winning year, no less) its television pitchman. Helmed by director Nicolas Winding Refn, the TV spots make arch reference to the values of the Lincoln brand, as McConaughey distills his recent oeuvre into a composite portrayal of himself. It was not surprising, then, when US television presenter Conan O’Brien lampooned the ads, weaving choice bits of dialogue from the actor’s back catalogue into a late-night super-cut .
Eminem / Chrysler (2011)
Surfacing from bankruptcy with new corporate ownership (Fiat Group) and a shrewd marketing chief (Olivier François), Chrysler did what brash players do at the Super Bowl: it flexed for the camera. Over two minutes, the US carmaker called out its critics, reinforced Detroit’s “Motor City” sobriquet and made Chrysler’s 2011-model-year 200 sedan – a warmed-over version of the moribund Sebring – appear desirable. All this, before Eminem even entered frame. The rapper’s parting shot, “This is what we do,” was both rebuke and rally cry for a company – and a city – returning to its feet.
Do you have any other memorable car adverts featuring celebrities to add? Share them on our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Obama hails Scotland s  No  vote on independenceObama hails Scotland s  No  vote on independence
Patym to soon offer digital wallet service to offline retailersPaytm to soon offer digital wallet service to offline retailers
Priyanka Pani
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 19:  
Mobile commerce and online payment service provider Paytm is working on technology that would help consumers shop from offline stores through digital wallet – a mechanism through which customers can store their money digitally and make mobile as well as online payments. The company plans to launch the digital wallet for several brick and mortar retailers as well as neighbourhood kirana stores in another five to six months.
“This will revolutionise the way consumers shop and transact at offline stores. With the digital wallet, people need not carry cash or several credit/debit cards with them. We are in talks with several large retailers and ‘kirana’ stores to integrate the wallet at the point of sale,” said Patym’s Vice-President (Business) Amit Lakhotia.
Paytm, the consumer brand of mobile technology company One97 communications, has recently launched the digital wallet allowing users to transfer money between them and shop on various online sites such as MakeMyTrip, BookMyShow, Homeshop18, Naaptol, Fabfurnish among 600 other sites. Paytm has over 10,000 sites listed on its portal and charges a fee per transaction done through digital wallet.
A major challenge for the company is that while there is a cap on money transfer at Rs 5,000, consumers can shop up to Rs 10,000 only. However, with full KYC norms consumers can shop up to Rs 50,000 through digital wallet. RBI is taking incremental steps in this regard, Lakhotia added.
“We are currently the largest digital wallet with 13 million users. We are targeting 15 million wallets by next week. In this age of smartphone, digital wallet provides not only a convenient way to transact but is also safe and secure. It eliminates the need to repeatedly enter one’s sensitive financial details,” Lakhotia added.
It launched the digital wallet in February this year after receiving a license from the Reserve Bank of India. Other wallet service providers in the country are Oxigen (2 million) and Mobikwick (8 million wallets), which is in talks to raise around $25 million soon for expanding its digital wallet service.
Industry experts said that with increasing use of smartphones by consumers to shop and make transactions, e-tailers as well offline retailers are betting big on the digital wallet technology. It is already gaining acceptance among consumers in the developed countries. World’s largest mobile and technology company Apple launched iPhone 6 and a smartwatch with a digital wallet in it allowing users to avoid cash and credit cards usage. China’s largest ecommerce company Alibaba also runs its own digital wallet called Alipay.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

eDynamics Solutions: Outcome of AGMSep 19, 2014, 09.09 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
eDynamics Solutions: Outcome of AGM
eDynamics Solutions has informed that the 14th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
eDynamics Solutions: Outcome of AGM
eDynamics Solutions has informed that the 14th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
eDynamics Solutions Ltd has informed BSE that the 14th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

SRG Housing Finance: Outcome of AGMSep 19, 2014, 09.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SRG Housing Finance: Outcome of AGM
SRG Housing Finance has informed that the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SRG Housing Finance: Outcome of AGM
SRG Housing Finance has informed that the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
SRG Housing Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

S R G Securities Finance: Outcome of AGMSep 19, 2014, 09.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
S R G Securities Finance: Outcome of AGM
S R G Securities Finance has informed that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
S R G Securities Finance: Outcome of AGM
S R G Securities Finance has informed that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
S R G Securities Finance Ltd has informed BSE that the 19th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 18, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Case filed against three RLD MLAs  5 000 unidentified personsCase filed against three RLD MLAs  5 000 unidentified persons
South Indian Bank plans to raise Rs. 500 cr via QIPSouth Indian Bank plans to raise Rs. 500 cr via QIP
HCL to form JV for foray into value added productsHCL to form JV for foray into value added products
Make in India  not a mere marketing campaign: GovtMake in India  not a mere marketing campaign: Govt
Gates meets PM  lauds focus on sanitation and banking for poorGates meets PM  lauds focus on sanitation and banking for poor
Dry weather in north; heavy rain warning for east  northeastDry weather in north; heavy rain warning for east  northeast
US markets move up on Scotland referendumUS markets move up on Scotland referendum
Reuters
Good IPO by Alibaba
New York, Sept 19:  
U.S. stocks were rising in early trading on Friday, setting record highs on the Dow and S&P 500 after Scotland's vote to remain in the United Kingdom removed market uncertainty and Alibaba's strong pricing gave support to risk assets.
Unionists' victory in Scotland's vote kept it in the United Kingdom and gave a boost to European stocks, while sterling rose against the euro and the U.S. dollar.
"Disarray in the UK would have had a negative effect, further strengthening the dollar and weakening the commodities complex," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York.
Regarding Alibaba, Hogan said, "a large, hyped IPO that has gone successfully has a large, positive halo effect on the market."
Alibaba priced its initial public offering at $68 a share, the top end of the expected range, and early indications showed the stock could start trading between $84 and $87.
Shares of Yahoo, which is selling part of its Alibaba stake but will remain a top shareholder, were gaining 1.5 percent at $42.71.
The Dow Jones industrial average was rising 55.69 points, or 0.32 percent, to 17,321.68, the S&P 500 was gaining 5.16 points, or 0.26 percent, to 2,016.52 and the Nasdaq Composite was adding 11.95 points, or 0.26 percent, to 4,605.38.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Dresser-Rand, rising 11.56 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was ITT Educational Services, down 28.50 per cent.
Dresser-Rand was gaining 11.9 percent in heavy volume after a report Germany's Siemens plans to offer more than $6.1 billion, or $80 per share, for the U.S. compressor and turbine maker.
ITT Educational Services tumbled to a 19-year low after the for-profit college operator said it received notice indicating the SEC may file an enforcement action against the company due to several loans that were provided to students.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Bank of America, down 0.21 percent to $17.01; General Electric , up 0.44 per cent to $26.33; and Pfizer Inc, down 0.36 per cent to $30.47.
On the Nasdaq, Microsoft, up 0.8 per cent to $47.06, and Apple, down 0.3 per cent to $101.46, were among the most actively traded besides Yahoo.
Advancing issues were outnumbering declining ones on the NYSE by 1,775 to 997, for a 1.78-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,492 issues were rising and 954 falling for a 1.56-to-1 ratio favouring advancers.
The benchmark S&P 500 index was posting 70 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 63 new highs and 31 new lows.
Oracle shares were falling 4.6 per cent at $39.65 after Larry Ellison, co-founder and leader for 37 years, stepped aside as chief executive.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Cochin Port Trust offers 57 acres for tourism projectCochin Port Trust offers 57 acres for tourism project
V Sajeev Kumar
Tweet
Kochi, September 19:  
The Cochin Port Trust is offering 57 acres of land at the southern tip of Willingdon Island for setting up tourism-related projects.
A senior port official at the Kerala Travel Mart venue said the triangular land strip has waterfront on two sides and is ideal for luxury hotels, oceanarium, water sports complex, food courts, entertainment arcades and other tourism projects.
The land, which is not suitable for shipping related activities, will be offered on lease for a period of 30 years. The transfer of land, he said, is in line with land policy guidelines of the Shipping Ministry which recently directed the better utilisation of land resources at Mumbai Port to promote port-based tourism projects.
The port has only drawn up broad concepts and it is up to prospective developers to make the best use of the land consistent with the objective of tourism-based hospitality project, he said.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Odisha discoms incur Rs 514 cr loss in 2013-14Odisha discoms incur Rs 514 cr loss in 2013-14
BS Reporter | Bhubaneswar Sep 19, 2014 08:20 PM IST
The four electricity distribution companies (discoms) operating in Odisha have incurred losses of Rs 514 crore in 2013-14.
Of the four discoms- Central Electricity Supply Utility of Odisha (Cesu) is managed by state power regulator Odisha Electricity Regulatory Commission (OERC) while the other three — North Eastern Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Nesco), Western Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Wesco) and Southern Electricity Supply Company of Odisha Ltd (Southco) are controlled by Reliance Infrastructure.
As per provisional figures, Cesu has incurred the highest loss at Rs 215 crore followed by Nesco (Rs 132 crore), Southco (Rs 93 crore) and Wesco (Rs 75 crore).
The cumulative losses of the four discoms have swelled to Rs 6,699 crore from 2000-01 to 2013-14.
The financial losses of discoms are attributed to non-revision in tariff for nine consecutive years (2001-2009) and inadequate hike thereafter, lack of investment in infrastructure and steep AT&C (aggregate technical & commercial) losses touching 40 per cent. Other than their monthly power purchase and salary expenses, the discoms are unable to meet their investment requirement. The assets of Wesco, Nesco and Southco are hypothecated to state owned bulk power purchaser Gridco.
The high distribution losses are due to outdated and fragile distribution network, huge extension of LT (low tension) network and addition of RE (rural electrification) consumers in Rajeev Gandhi Grameen Vidyutikaran Yoajana (RGGVY) and Biju Gram Jyoti Yojana (BGGY).
To arrest the high AT&C loss, the state government has launched the capital expenditure (Capex) scheme with an outlay of Rs 2,400 crore. The scheme aims at slashing AT&C loss by three per cent each year. One per cent reduction in AT&C loss would fetch around Rs 80 crore.
Out of the total expenditure of Rs 2,400 crore, the state government was to provide Rs 1,200 crore while the four discoms would mobilise Rs 1,200 crore by way of counterpart funding.
Assistance under the Restructured Accelerated Power Development and Reform Programme (R-APDRP) is also expected to trim the AT&C losses. The state government has sought Rs 1,000 crore assistance under the scheme including Rs 200 crore for Cesu and Rs 800 crore for Nesco, Southco and Wesco.
R-APDRP is aimed at upgrading the sub-transmission and distribution network, including energy accounting and metering in the urban areas having population of more than 30,000.

Alibaba live: Tracking the biggest ever IPORemember me on this computer
Sign in

iPhone 6 gets one Chinese licence  needs another before sales beginUpdated: September 18, 2014 14:56 IST
iPhone 6 gets one Chinese licence, needs another before sales begin
Reuters
Reuters Phil Schiller, Senior vice-president, Apple Inc. speaks about the iPhone 6 during an event at Flint Centre in Cupertino. File photo
TOPICS
science and technology
Apple Inc’s iPhone 6 received regulatory approval for use on domestic frequencies but still requires one more critical licence before it may be sold in the country, the official Xinhua news agency reported on Thursday.
Apple has not yet issued an iPhone 6 release date for China, one of its most important markets, leading to widespread speculation that it has encountered difficulty obtaining the requisite licences from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT), which tests new phones before they may enter national telecom networks.
Apple still needs to obtain a critical network access licence for the iPhone, after which sales may begin, Xinhua said.
It remains unclear when the new iPhone will receive full clearance, although the report on Thursday signals the process has not completely stalled.
Apple has not issued any comment about the iPhone’s China launch aside from saying it is working to bring the device to the market as soon as possible.

Retail buyers  MFs are back; midcaps hold promise: Ambit08:00 am
The local investor appetite has been quite strong in the last few months, believes Saurabh Mukherjea, CEO, Institutional Equities, Ambit Capital. According to him, investment is likely to pickup in mutual fund and retail industry and he expects multiple midcaps to see good run in the medium-term.
He, however, cautions about the higher market volatility going ahead.
Mukherjea advises investors to pick market leaders or companies that have well-run business. He is bullish on  Mayur Uniquoters , V-Guard Industries  and TTK Prestige for the same.
Home improvement theme based stocks could see big upsides, says Mukherjea. He, therefore, expects paints, cement, electricals, plyboards, pipes, sanitaryware to show strong growth in future. He is bullish on Greenply ,  Century Plyboards and  Havells India from the pack.
Among other stocks Mukherjea picks Page Industries , CESC , CRISIL  and eClerx  as his favourite bets.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: We didn’t see any foreign institutional investor (FII) buy figure yesterday, in fact there was a sell figure, so, perhaps a lot of local action in the market. What is the sense you are getting about what took place yesterday?
A: Hard to make sense of day-to-day movement but local investor’s appetite in last couple of months has been very strong. There was a recent print that it is the first three month period in a long time, 4-5 years, when domestic flows have exceeded FII flows.
It is clear that the mutual fund community is seeing heavy inflows plus retail investors are coming into the stock market and that is but natural. You are into a fairly strong rally and you are likely to see retail inflows pickup quite substantially at this point.
Q: I know it is not possible to guess day-on-day movement but you would be better at it than many others. Will you be worried that the market is moving without too much of fund buying and a whole 2 percent rally on the indices, does it worry you that equally sharp corrections may come?
A: It is not so much of the level of the index which is worrying me. What is worrying me is volatility. So if you see the volatility index (VIX), I think the Indian VIX is at 1, it is at its lowest levels, I have seen it for the last five-six years and in our profession, volatility is mean reverting.
If we have periods of very low volatility, it is almost inevitable that you will revert to the period of high volatility. That is what is causing us greater concern as to how abnormally calm the markets are. That is usually difficult to sustain, something or the other will emerge to give markets a push into a more volatile zone but it is inevitable almost.
Q: Is it also concerning you that we have not seen any resolution of some of the trickiest problems that confront the Indian economy. Coal is still an issue, power producers are still lying ideal because state electricity boards (SEBs) can’t buy much. Intractable problems surely but now we are four months into the new government; it is not a small time. Does it worry you?
A: To be fair, I don’t think anybody expected solutions just yet but I was expecting the government to put on the table various options. So, if you take say the discom challenge, it is a challenge that we have been very familiar with in India for the best part of the last 20 years.
We were expecting the new government to come with some ideas as to how this can be dealt with. So, the fact that we have no public debate on either the discom issue, food inflation or the banking recap, the complete lack of discussion on these subjects is slightly perplexing. If by Christmas we are no wiser than we are today, we will start losing a bit of sleep about FY16 economic growth.
Q: Would that lead to any volatility in the market because looks like the low hanging fruit has now been picked out? How do you approach the setup from hereon and what could the markers be now?
A: If we look at the Indian market, the last couple of years, especially the last 12 months, have been about huge movements in the index; not just the Nifty but also rapid movements in the small and midcap index.
As the new government settles into the office, it is bound to become much more stock specific. So, we still have upside at the index level over the next 6-7 months but it is modest; 10-15 percent at most at the index level.
You necessarily have to go back to stock picking and go back to our favourite theme good and clean companies, high quality companies, well-run companies with clean management teams, clean accounts and we will go back to stock picking and the good news is there are plenty of small and midcap stocks that will have a good run in the remainder of the fiscal.
Q: Your report is really interesting, you talk about how great companies evolve and how you should catch them at an early stage, so, as they say catch them young and watch them grow. So, in the first stage you have identified some companies like eClerx, Mayur Uniquoters doesn’t trade much but just tell us about these stories and how much can investors can make in terms of returns over the next two to three years?
A: One of the benefits that your viewers have than several of our clients, they don’t have to worry about liquidity. They can buy reasonably generous size portions of Mayur Uniquoters or eClerx without having to worry about will I move the stock price if I touch the name.
For example consider Mayur Uniquoters. The company is run by family, based in Jaipur but the largest manufacturer by long way of artificial leather in India. So, if you drive an Indian car or if you wear Bata shoes you will by default be a Mayur Uniquoters customer.
It started 15 years ago but in the last three or four years it picked up steam. They have contracts from Ford and GM in North America, capital allocation has been impeccable, the family owns 60-62 percent so they are highly unlikely to sort of fritter away their fortune.
If you buy good companies at their youth stage or early years, the first 15-20 years of their existence can compound 30-35 percent. If you buy great companies in the youth, 30-35 percent compounding is what we have found in our model portfolios.
If you buy the same company in its prime when it sort of a default participant in your indexes, in your programs, in our coverage, once it becomes a darling of the stock market even if it continues performing well the compounding comes down to more than 20-25 percent compounding and obviously the most dangerous is descent.
One of the key findings of our research is 85 percent of great Indian companies go on to slide and it is almost like age in human life. As you become more and more successful and chuck off greater and greater sums of capital to reinvest that capital as successfully as you did before gets harder and harder.
RELATED NEWS

Scotlands No vote: analysts react© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a19b544a-3fd1-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Prices of 36 More Drugs Capped: ReportIndian E-commerce Market to Hit $15 Billion in 2 Years: Google
India has capped the prices of 36 drugs, including those used to treat infections and diabetes, in its latest move to make essential medicines more affordable, a senior official of the country's drug pricing authority told Reuters on Friday.
The medicines join the 348 drugs deemed essential and that are therefore subject to price caps, covering up to 30 percent of the total drugs sold in the country where less than 20 percent of its people are covered by health insurance.
Global and Indian drugmakers have been hit by wide-ranging government-imposed price reductions in the last one year in India. Industry officials say prices in the country are already among the lowest in the world.
"This is a straight-forward, most predictable, overdue action which has been done by us," the official at the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) said, declining to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter.
Drugmakers, including Cipla Ltd, Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd, and Cadila Healthcare Ltd, are among the companies that will be affected by the latest decision, research firm AIOCD Pharmasofttech AWACS Pvt Ltd said.
Cipla, Ranbaxy and Cadila did not immediately respond to Reuters requests for comment.
An official at the Department of Pharmaceuticals, which controls the drug pricing authority, confirmed the price cap move, but declined to give details.
Ciprofloxacin, a common antibiotic that is sold by many companies including Ranbaxy and Cipla, is among the drugs whose prices were capped by the latest order. The research firm said the cap would shrink the drug's market value by 51 percent.
People directly involved in the process told Reuters in June that the government was likely to raise the number of drugs that are in the essential medicines list and subject to price caps to improve affordability.
The NPPA is drawing up a list of mass consumption, essential life-saving drugs which it thinks should be included in the essential medicines list, said the senior official at the pricing authority on Friday.
The recommendations will be sent to health ministry by mid-October, he said.
The authority in July had also capped the prices of more than 100 medicines that are not part of the essential medicines list. The pharmaceutical industry has challenged the move in local courts.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

What was fake on the Internet this week: sidewalks for texters  the Muslim antichrist  and charging your phone by microwaveBy Caitlin Dewey September 19 Follow @caitlindewey
Surprise: China’s texting-while-walking sidewalks are a joke. (AP Photo)
There is so much fake stuff on the Internet in any given week that we’ve grown tired of debunking it all. Fake Twitter fights . Fake DHL ads . Amazing viral video? Nope — a Jimmy Kimmel stunt !
So, rather than take down each and every undeservedly viral story that crosses our monitors each week, we’re rounding them all up in a quick, once-a-week Friday debunk of fake photos, misleading headlines and bad studies that you probably shouldn’t share over the weekend.
Ready? Here’s what was fake on the Internet this week:
1. A Chinese city didn’t seriously add a “texting” lane to its sidewalks. Much like a similar project undertaken in downtown D.C. a few months ago, officials in Chongqing, China, added a short “texting-while-walking” lane to a city sidewalk — not because they’re legitimately worried about text-walkers, as has been reported , but as a kind of tongue-in-cheek pedestrian PSA. Perhaps because nuances like humor tend to get lost in translation — or perhaps because of some darker bias  – viral media quickly picked up on the Chongqing-battles-texting narrative . But as one official told AP , “it’s intended to be ironic.”
2. You can’t charge your iPhone by microwaving it. A slickly produced, and entirely fake, Apple ad circling Twitter proclaims a new and exciting feature in iOS8: the ability to charge your phone, wirelessly, in “any standard household microwave.” Needless to say, no such feature exists — and for future reference, new operating systems can’t magically rewire your phone’s battery. (And this, FYI, is what a microwaved iPhone looks like .)
A (fake) Apple ad circling the Interwebs. (Via Slashdot)
3. This one-eyed baby is not “the Muslim antichrist.” An image of a child born with a rare birth defect called cyclopia — she has no nose, and only one eye — has recently made the rounds on both mainstream social media and, allegedly, the more underground Internet channels that Islamic State militants use. The claim, in both cases, is that the girl was recently born in Israel and is the false, one-eyed prophet Masih ad-Dajjal who more or less signals end times. Experts told Vocativ that they believed Islamic State, also known as ISIS, could be using the story for recruiting. But as Scott Carney, the man who originally took the girl’s pictures, angrily explained on his blog , the picture was actually taken in Chennai, India, eight years ago, and the girl died before she reached a month old.
“It is important to combat the lies that spread across the internet,” he wrote. “The militant group ISIS has an extensive social media network and is savvy about deploying false information to encourage converts to fight on their behalf. It behooves us–or at least me–to speak up when I see images misused.”
4. A California man did not steal his girlfriend’s corpse from the morgue. A very popular Reddit post by a (now-deleted!) user claimed that the gentleman in the below picture had stolen his girlfriend’s dead body to take one last selfie with it. In fact, as many a Redditor suspected already — and as Gawker confirmed Thursday — the “body” is a movie prop, the guy works on “NCIS,” and the whole thing was a big joke. Incidentally, police don’t always find this kind of thing funny: A Connecticut man who pulled a more-or-less identical stunt last week was charged with second-degree breach of peace.
 
5. Florida schools are not teaching middle-schoolers to use sex toys. In what may be one of the more bizarre attacks on the controversial Common Core curriculum, Alex Jones’s Infowars — best known for its propagation of wonderfully imaginative conspiracy theories — published a series of “shocking images out of a classroom in Jacksonville, Florida” that show “a teacher demonstrating how to use a strap-on sex toy” to 11-year-old students. The story has since disappeared, perhaps because a quick reverse image-search make it pretty clear that the images came from an LGBT event at a college in Canada … and that the story itself originated on Modern Woman Digest , a bad “satire,” i.e. fake-news, site.
6. A Coney Island roller coaster did not fly off the tracks. But as the New York Times reports , in a rather fascinating story on the complicated consequences of fake-news, a fictional account to that effect spread from the site NY Meta to the wilds of social media … and has plagued Coney Island developers, who put a lot of money into the new ride.
7. Neither Macklemore nor Jason Mraz has died. But news of both their deaths briefly captivated a certain corner of the Internet last week, as these celebrity death hoaxes always do: More than 6,000 people tweeted on the #RIPMacklemore hashtag, while Mraz earned a more modest 2,000 tweets.
Why is #RIPMacklemore and #ripjasonmraz trending like wtf
— Seth Matlofsky (@SethMatlofsky23) September 18, 2014
Did we miss any other notable fake stuff this week? E-mail caitlin.dewey@washpost.com — or stay tuned until next week, because surely some more shenanigans will go down in the meantime.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.

Hit by communal tension  UP sets out to tackle  love jihadUttar Pradesh’s home department is drawing up a strategy to deal with cases of so-called ‘love jihad’, a highly emotive issue that officials say is turning out to be a major law and order problem in various districts.
 
Officials say the attempt by right-wing Hindu groups to mobilise people over ‘love jihad’ has virtually foxed the police as there were no relevant legal provisions to deal with the issue. Not only is the terminology new to police officers but also have they never dealt with such complaints before.
 
In view of this, the home department has directed police officers to register cases charging the accused with deceit and fraud if the person was found to have hidden his or her true religious identity while getting into a relationship.
 
Read: No official complaint on 'love jihad' so far, says Maneka
 
Talking to HT, principal secretary, Home, Neeraj Kumar Gupta said superintendents of police have been directed to constitute a committee of leaders of both communities to resolve these cases as well as to curb communal tension.
 
The issue of ‘love jihad’ became a prominent plank for right-wing Hindu groups in by-elections in the state held this month.
 
Usually, when the police refuse to entertain complaints of ‘love jihad’, activists of the right wing organisations often start protesting or launch agitation.
 
“In (a) majority of the cases, the leaders of the saffron brigades accompany the complainant to get the FIR registered at the police station,” a police officer said.
 
“The debacle in the by-poll has hardly dampened the spirit of the leaders as they mobilise people put pressure on the in-charge of the police station to lodge the FIR.”
 
On Wednesday the activists of Bhartiya Janta Yuva Morcha (BJYM) organised demonstration near Gandhi Park police station in Aligarh demanding registration of FIR in a ‘love jihad’ case. The BJYM members alleged that a Muslim man married a girl of another community in Naurangabad locality posing as a Hindu.
Read: How 'love jihad' became a mainstream agenda
 
In another case, members of the Hindu Yuva Vahini sat on dharna at police station in Mahoba demanding registration of FIR in a similar case.
 
More such cases had also been reported from Etah, Bijnore, Muzafffarnagar, Agra, Bhadohi, Gorakhpur, Pilibhit and Ghazipur where Hindu groups launched agitations demanding registration of FIR.
 
“The protest is leading to communal tension as the members of the opposite community are also rallying behind the accused”, the police officer said.

Alibaba makes Wall Street debut | Yahoo rakes in another jackpotChinese online giant Alibaba makes Wall Street debut
By AFP | 19 Sep, 2014, 08.02PM IST
Online giant Alibaba makes Wall Street debut
Online giant Alibaba makes Wall Street debut
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW YORK: Alibaba made its long-awaited Wall Street debut Friday on the heels of a record stock offering that opens the door to global expansion for the Chinese online retail giant.
Company founder Jack Ma was on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange as trading opened, while a group of Alibaba customers rang the opening bell.
A trading price was not available in the early minutes after the opening, which is not uncommon for stock market debuts.
By raising as much as $25 billion, Chinese online giant Alibaba is poised to break the record for the largest initial public offering in history.
Priced at $68 a share, Alibaba would raise $21.7 billion with the offering of 320 million shares. If underwriters exercise the option for 48 million additional shares, the amount would top $25 billion, breaking the 2010 record set by China's AgBank.
Speaking to CNBC television from the trading floor, Ma said he was "very honored, and so excited" by the market debut and that he sees enormous growth potential for Alibaba.
"We have a dream," he said. "We hope in the next 15 years the world will change. We want to be bigger than Wal-Mart."
He added that he sees Alibaba as a company that will have a huge impact: "We hope people say in 15 (years) this is a company like Microsoft, like IBM."
Some analysts were also upbeat about Alibaba, which dominates the Chinese online retail space with Taobao.com and TMall.com.
"Alibaba has become the biggest e-commerce firm in the world in terms of gross merchandise volume," the research firm Trefis said, setting a target price of $80 per share.
"Alibaba will continue to retain the mammoth share of online shoppers, even if it is not able to increase it much."
Youssef Squali at Cantor Fitzgerald recommending buying Alibaba with a target price of $90.
Alibaba "starts trading today and with it comes the opportunity to invest in China's largest e-commerce platform, which we believe has the potential to dominate global online commerce over time," the analyst said in a note to clients.
"While the stock's not cheap, we believe the company's outsized growth and margin profiles, if sustained, should support higher valuation over time."
The IPO allows investors to get a piece of the huge Chinese market, but it also will fuel Alibaba's international ambitions.
Alibaba's consumer services are similar to a mix of those offered by US Internet titans eBay, PayPal and Amazon, and it also operates services for wholesalers.
The company earlier this year announced plans for a US marketplace called 11 Main, which is currently in a test phase.
Alibaba Group made a profit of nearly $2 billion on revenue of $2.5 billion in the quarter ending June 30. Revenue rose 46 percent from the same period a year earlier.
Alibaba decided to list in New York because it wanted an alternative class share structure to give selected minority shareholders extra control over the board; the Hong Kong bourse declined to change its rules to allow this.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Watch: Viewers react as Modi says Indian muslims are patrioticAnand Sharma refutes charges of senior Congress leaders not invited for Nehru's event
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Minor dies after unqualified doctor operates with kitchen knifeSep 19, 2014 at 07:48pm IST
Minor dies after unqualified doctor operates with kitchen knife
11
0
Patna: A child died after an unqualified doctor operated on her with a kitchen knife in Bihar's Purnea district, police said on Friday.
"We have detained the accused doctor after the victim's relatives protested against his negligence and beaten him," a district police official said.
Victim's father Prakash Pundit, resident of Dagarua in Purnea, about 350 km from Patna, said that he took his one-year daughter to a doctor in a nearby village following stomach pain.
A child died after an unqualified doctor operated on her with a kitchen knife in Bihar's Purnea district.
#kitchen knife #minor dies #unqualified doctor #private clinic
"The doctor told us that she should be operated soon for appendicitis. He operated her by a knife used for cutting vegetables. During operation, he cut her intestine and her condition deteriorated following excessive bleeding," the father said.
The doctor then told us to take her to a private clinic. But the clinic refused to admit her and referred her to a sadar hospital.
"When we reached the hospital, doctors declared her dead," he said.
Police officials said they have began investigation of the case.
7

Jadavpur varsity students seek meeting with Bengal governorSep 19, 2014 at 07:29pm IST
Jadavpur varsity students seek meeting with Bengal governor
5
0
Kolkata: Protesting students of Jadavpur University plan to meet West Bengal Governor KN Tripathi with their demands at the culmination of a mammoth rally Saturday, a student said.
As the campus continued to simmer with slogans and protest cries, the angry students Friday blocked the entry of the registrar and pro-vice chancellor, demanding the resignation of the two and Vice Chancellor Abhijit Chakrabarty following an alleged police assault two days back.
"We will not allow them to enter until our demands are met.
Protesting students of Jadavpur University plan to meet West Bengal Governor KN Tripathi with their demands at the culmination of a mammoth rally Saturday, a student said.
#jadavpur university #kn tripathi #molestation #student protest
"We have unanimously demanded the resignation of the vice chancellor and a fresh probe into the molestation of the woman student last month and we intend to meet the governor to press for our demands and apprise him of the situation," Soumyajit Rajak, an M.Phil student at the varsity and a member of Students Federation of India (SFI) state committee, told IANS.
Rajak said around 1,000 participants from various sections of society will walk in the mammoth rally or 'maha michil' expected to start at 2 p.m. from Nandan in the central part of the city.
"We will walk till Raj Bhavan and our aim is to meet the governor," he said.
Meanwhile, the Calcutta High Court Friday directed the West Bengal government and the university to file affidavits stating steps being taken to restore normalcy in the varsity where students have boycotted classes and were staging protests following the police crackdown.
Many students were hospitalised after police allegedly beat them Wednesday as they were protesting outside the vice chancellor's office, seeking a fresh inquiry into the sexual harassment of a student in the campus last month.
The police crackdown has been widely condemned, with students and political parties demanding Chakrabarty's removal as the vice chancellor.
Both Police Commissioner Surajit Kar Purakayastha and Education Minister Partha Chatterjee have refuted claims that the students were baton charged or assaulted.
9

Lines for Apple s iPhone 6 are insaneApple's iPhone 6 goes on sale, and the lines are insane
By James O'Toole   @jtotoole September 19, 2014: 11:04 AM ET
 
The iPhone evolved
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
It's New iPhone Day... at least, for those of you that don't mind waiting hours in line.
The new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus hit stores Friday, with Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) fans around the world camping out in line to become some of the first owners of the new devices.
In New York City, nearly 1,000 people were already in line by around 9 p.m. Thursday evening -- a line that spanned several city blocks. In Hong Kong, the line started around 5 p.m. Thursday, and grew to include customers who had flown in from India, China and the United Kingdom just to make their purchases.
Sales started with a literal bang in Australia, where a young man at the head of the line outside a Perth store unboxed his new iPhone 6 on live TV , only to drop it to the pavement. (Onlookers gasped, though the device reportedly survived the fall just fine).
Related: 6 must-have apps for the iPhone 6
The new phones became available for pre-order last Friday, with Apple selling a record 4 million in 24 hours. Apple said demand for the devices "exceeds the initial pre-order supply," though additional phones were available to walk-in customers at certain Apple Stores on Friday.
Jonathan Stayton and Vivian Kam contributed reporting from Hong Kong and Jose Pagliery from New York.
First Published: September 19, 2014: 10:52 AM ET
Most Popular

Alibaba IPO dominates Wall Street s spotlightAlibaba dominates Wall Street's IPO spotlight
By: David Craig September 19, 2014 9:30 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
The moment Wall Street has been waiting for is here. Friday, Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba finally started trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
After pricing at $68 a share late Thursday, the stock opened just before noon ET up nearly 40% at $92.70.
Even before that opening surge, Alibaba ( BABA ) stood out as the biggest IPO ever in the U.S., raising $21.8 billion.
It also stood out  in another way: It is the only IPO that started trading on U.S. stock markets today.
Three U.S. IPOs on the schedule for this week priced their offerings Wednesday. One other that was supposed to be priced this week was pushed back and delayed. That left Friday wide open for Alibaba to make its debut.
There may be no connection, but a look back at the last IPO that got this kind of attention —  Twitter ( TWTR ) — might explain why.
After weeks of buildup, Twitter priced its IPO last year on the night of Nov. 6 and started trading the next day on the New York Stock Exchange. It opened at nearly twice its IPO price and closed with a 73% gain.
Four other companies also started trading the 7th. Of them, only one — LGI Homes ( LGIH ) — closed the first day with a gain, rising 17% on the Nasdaq, according to Kathleen Smith, ETF manager at Renaissance Capital.
The other three IPOs suffered first-day losses ranging between 3% to roughly 5%:
U.S. IPOs starting trading on Nov. 7, 2013
Company

What to watch for today in Alibaba s IPOBy: Adam Shell September 19, 2014 8:18 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Alibaba Group signage is posted outside the New York Stock Exchange prior to the company’s initial price offering (IPO) on September 19, 2014. (Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images) ORG XMIT: 513259631 ORIG FILE ID: 455704682
Alibaba’s IPO day has finally arrived. There’s no juicier story on Wall Street today than the Chinese e-commerce giant’s first day of trading.
Here’s a checklist of things to watch for:
1. Does the IPO go off glitch-free?
Can Alibaba, which will start trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker “ BABA ,” avoid a Facebook-like face plant? Social media darling Facebook’s IPO on May 18, 2010, was marred by technical glitches and confusion at the Nasdaq Stock Market that caused the first trade to be delayed for half an hour and a slew of botched trade orders.
(BREAKING NEWS: So far, so good, as the IPO started to trade around 11:56 a.m. but trading is off to a smooth start.)
2. What price does the first trade go off at?
Don’t get confused between the offering price that institutional investors received (Alibaba’s top executive Jack Ma and underwriters priced the IPO at $68 per share Thursday night), and the first trade on the public market. If demand for the shares is robust and bids from interested investors come in higher than the offering price, the underwriters and exchange will set an opening price that is higher.
(BREAKING NEWS: The first official Alibaba trade clocked in at $92.70, a jump of more than 36% from its offering price of $68 set last night. Its intraday high so far is $99.70.)  
Chinese online retail giant Alibaba CEO Jack Ma (R) and executives arrive at the New York Stock Exchange in New York on Sept. 19, 2014. Alibaba is poised for a record-breaking stock market debut today, with shares priced at $68 in a public offering. (JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images ORIG FILE ID: 533558294)
3. Beware the “gap.”
The first trade in an initial public offering can be substantially higher than the offering price. The price difference at the open is called a “gap.” Wall Street IPO-watchers expect the first print on Alibaba to be higher than $68 a share. Let’s say, for example, the stock’s first trade goes off at $80. If it does, that means the starting point for investors trying to purchase shares will be at the higher price.
4. The first-day pop.
Will Alibaba shares jump more than the 14% average IPO first-day gain this year? Tune in at the market close at 4 p.m. ET to find out. In early trading, the shares are up well over 30%, and has to be considered a successful IPO.

Now  explore Egyptian pyramids from homeNow, explore Egyptian pyramids from home
IANS
print
If you are yet to experience the wonders of the ancient world still surviving in Egypt, you can now turn into a virtual visitor -- thanks to Google Street View -- and explore the pyramids from the comforts of your home.
Google has unveiled navigable images of the ancient monument and other Egyptian attractions - including the pyramids of Saqqara, Saladin's citadel, and the ancient city of Abu Mena, The Guardian reported.
It is for the first time that Google Street View has documented a part of Egypt.
Launched in 2007, Google Street View has so far documented famous sites across 59 countries in the world, including the Taj Mahal in India.
To photograph the wonders of ancient Egypt, the internet giant dispatched its team of "trekkers" laden with a camera on their backs.
"It was a unique experience for us as well, because the equipment really got tested in the heat," Amita Khattri, programme manager at Google Street View was quoted by Time as saying.

35 Chinese PLA soldiers return to Chumar  sit on a hillock35 Chinese PLA soldiers return to Chumar, sit on a hillock
PTI  Leh/New Delhi, September 19, 2014
First Published: 20:06 IST(19/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:38 IST(19/9/2014)
Comments
Hours after withdrawing from the Chumar region in Ladakh, Chinese PLA soldiers were on Friday reported to have crossed into Indian territory again and stationed themselves on a hillock.
Official sources said about 35 PLA men returned to Chumar in northeast Ladakh and were perched on a hillock claiming the area to be part of China while another 300 soldiers were maintaining presence close to Line of Actual Control (LAC).
The standoff in Demchok and Chumar had cast a shadow on Thursday's summit talks between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
The Indian Army, which had starting scaling down operations from the area following the Chinese withdrawal last night, put a halt and again started pitching their tents for a possible fresh stand-off, the sources said.
They said that nearly 300 Chinese soldiers were spotted across the perceived LAC with many of them stationed in their vehicles while others on foot.
This, the sources said, was apparently done by Chinese PLA as the Indian Army had not completely withdrawn from the region which is part of Jammu and Kashmir.
Read: After Modi-Xi meeting, China agrees to settle border dispute soon, demarcate LAC
Chinese troops, without any border meeting, had started withdrawing from the area at 9:45 PM and the Indian Army had also started reducing their presence in the area.
However, as a part of its drill, some army presence was maintained in the area to verify whether the Chinese had actually returned to their territory which was possible only after the break of dawn tomorrow.
In the morning, after Indian Army spotted PLA presence close to the LAC, it was decided to stop reduction of troops till it was verified that the Chinese have gone back to their camps located 10 kms from the LAC.
The tension in this area erupted on Sunday when some of the Chinese workers, who were constructing road on their side, started entering into the Indian side and also claimed that they had orders to build road upto Tible, five km deep into the Indian territory.
The Indian Army asked the Chinese workers to leave as otherwise they would face prosecution under Indian laws for entering the country illegally.
However, during the intervening night of Sunday and Monday, nearly 100 Indian soldiers were reported to have been encircled by 300 Chinese PLA men after which a face-off started.
India also rushed reinforcements to the area and were not allowing the Chinese troops to proceed further and also asking them to retreat to their side.
Chumar, the last village in Ladakh area bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a bone of contention with China claiming it to be its own territory and has been frequenting the area with helicopter incursions almost every year.
Chumar had become a flash point during the fortnight long stand-off last year in Daulat Beg Oldie (DBO) as the Chinese side had objected to overhead bunkers erected by the Indian side.
As part of an agreement reached at the flag meeting to end the stand-off from April-May 2013 at DBO, the Indian side had to dismantle some overhead bunkers in Chumar.

Wall Street nabs Alibaba  but hot startups are going elsewhereWall Street nabs Alibaba, but hot startups are going elsewhere
By Cristina Alesci   @cristinaalesci September 19, 2014: 5:24 PM ET
 
This is how a stock is born
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Bankers advising Alibaba on its IPO aren't charging top dollar, but they are thrilled for whatever fees they can get. That's because high-profile startups are shunning IPOs, turning to private investors for cash.
Take just two high-profile startups: Uber and Cloudera. They raised $1.2 billion and $900 million, respectively, this year from private funds.
Now that they've got so much cash, they aren't in any hurry to do IPOs, which would have resulted in a payday for bankers.
Related: 5 things you should know about Alibaba
The 10 largest venture backed startups attracted about $4 billion from the private market through August, according to Deutsche Bank.
That's far more than the tech companies that went public: The top 10 raised only about $1.5 billion during the same time frame.
Why is this happening? So-called tier-one companies (those that are high-profile with big-money backers) are getting private investors to value their companies as high as the stock market would.
"The IPO process takes a long time, consumes substantial management resources and puts the company in the public eye,'' said Ted Tobiason, who advises technology companies at Deutsche Bank. "Some companies are finding the private markets are a viable option since it can be faster, easier and less risky."
Related: The best stock not named Alibaba
The trend is playing out on a much larger scale.
Last year, research firm CB Insights counted 590 young companies that were candidates for a public listing. These companies attracted $55 billion from corporate investors and financial service firms. In addition, the average amount raised "climbed significantly" from 2012 and stood at $101 million.
The buckets of money pouring into companies is causing some concerns. Bill Gurley, a prominent voice in the venture capital business, told the Wall Street Journal that private market investors are taking on too much risk. He drew parallels to the 1999 tech bubble, saying startups are burning through the easy cash they are getting.
"The average burn rate at the average venture-backed company in Silicon Valley is at an all-time high since '99 and maybe in many industries higher than in '99,'' said Gurley.
His statements are definitely making the rounds in Silicon Valley and on Wall Street.
Still, that won't distract investors from the drum beat of the Alibaba ( BABA ) offering -- a welcome and celebrated event for bankers. They're collecting a much smaller percentage than usual, just 1% versus as much as 7%.
And 1% of an IPO this big adds up -- to about $218 million in fees.

2015 Mustang: Ford s pony has new tricks2015 Mustang: Ford's pony has new tricks
By Peter Valdes-Dapena   @peterdrives November 5, 2014: 12:46 PM ET
 
First drive: All-new Ford Mustang
LOS ANGELES (CNNMoney)
Up front confession: I love a Mustang. The 2014 Mustang has its flaws -- lots of flaws -- but I love that car anyway. Yeah, it's kind of porky, the steering isn't exactly crisp and if you hit a bump during a turn, it doesn't like that much. But I love it anyway.
But the 2015 Ford ( F ) Mustang has just stolen my heart. Particularly the new version with the turbocharged 4-cylinder engine. This car is all Mustang but without the flaws. It's light, it's quick, it's nimble and it's ridiculously fun. It's also easy on gas.
Even the V8 version, itself a little heavier and tad less efficient than the last generation, still enjoys a tight corner. Bumps? Not a big problem. The Mustang's new independent rear suspension soaks them up with barely a wiggle.
12 Historic Ford Mustangs
Barreling along a tightly twisted canyon road with all the settings turned to Sport Plus the 435 horsepower Mustang GT glided through turn after turn. It felt easy, balanced and smooth. Even the steering feels decent. Pretty close to excellent, in fact. In the straights, it's a beast roaring toward the next curve like it's after prey.
The one thing I missed was the old V8's engine sound. This time, the 5.0-liter V8, though properly throaty at a stop light, turns a little whispery at high speeds. Not a bad sound but different. I miss menacing rumble of the older car.
The EcoBoost Mustang with its 2.3-liter turbocharged engine really is the thing, though. This is the Mustang of the era. Yes, its 310 horsepower is paltry compared to the 435 the V8 gushes out. But it's 200 pounds lighter and that little engine is happy revving all day long. And it gets 31 miles a gallon on the highway and an even more amazing 22 in the city. A genuine pony car, it feels playful and eager. It's as if someone had invented soy bacon that tastes better than bacon.
707-horsepower "muscle car" gets 22 MPG
Having spent most of the day in the V8, I wish I'd gotten to spend more time with that car. (We needed to test the "automatic smoky burn-out" feature in the V8 car. It works. Sorry about the smoking holes we left in the asphalt.) But the people at Ford said I can take one of those EcoBoost cars out again tonight, I will when I get done writing this review.
See you later. I'm going for a drive.
First Published: September 19, 2014: 11:24 AM ET
Most Popular

AAP accuses Delhi L-G Jung of preventing its MLAs to send aid to J&K9
0
New Delhi: AAP on Friday accused Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung of preventing its MLAs from sending relief package to Jammu and Kashmir by "raising an objection" to the transfer of Rs 20 lakh from the funds of each of its 27 legislators to Jammu and Kashmir CM fund.
In a series of tweets, former Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal said the party had learnt from its sources that Jung had raised an objection for the fund transfer.
"27 MLAs of AAP wrote to Delhi government to transfer Rs 20 lakhs from each MLA's funds to J&K CM fund. According to sources, the L-G has objected it. Why? Last year, Rs 10 lakhs from each MLAs funds were transferred for Uttarakhand flood relief. Then why an objection this year?" Kejriwal tweeted.
In a series of tweets, former Delhi chief minister said the party had learnt from its sources that Jung had raised an objection for the fund transfer.
#aap #jammu and kashmir #najeeb jung #arvind kejriwal
AAP MLAs have decided to donate Rs 20 lakh each for relief and rescue operations in flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir. The 27 AAP legislators will donate a minimum of Rs 20 lakh from the MLA Development Fund. Accordingly, the party had written to the Delhi government to transfer the funds to Delhi J&K CM fund.
1

Deccan Chronicle s director Surrinder Lal Kapur resignsSep 19, 2014, 09.09 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Deccan Chronicle's director Surrinder Lal Kapur resigns
Deccan Chronicle Holdings has informed that Sri. Surrinder Lal Kapur has resigned as Director from the Board w.e.f. February 18, 2014 and Sri. Sanjiv Gupta has resigned as Director from the Board w.e.f. July 31, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Deccan Chronicle's director Surrinder Lal Kapur resigns
Deccan Chronicle Holdings has informed that Sri. Surrinder Lal Kapur has resigned as Director from the Board w.e.f. February 18, 2014 and Sri. Sanjiv Gupta has resigned as Director from the Board w.e.f. July 31, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd has informed BSE that Sri. Surrinder Lal Kapur has resigned as Director from the Board w.e.f. February 18, 2014 and Sri. Sanjiv Gupta has resigned as Director from the Board w.e.f. July 31, 2014.Source : BSE

BABA below opening price; see latest price hereData is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes
Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis
© 2014 CNBC LLC.  All Rights Reserved.

Aban Offshore looks refinancing debt for longer tenureAban Offshore looks refinancing debt for longer tenure
Kamal discovers KuchipudiUpdated: September 19, 2014 08:15 IST
Kamal discovers Kuchipudi
Kamal was a great fan of Max Ophüls, the legendary German filmmaker who was known for complex tracking shots.
TOPICS
Part 5: Kamal and the art of screenplay writing
Kamal and RC Sakthi wrote a lot of screenplays. None of them were made into films. “We fumbled,” Kamal Haasan told me. “I think I became better due to my close association with Ananthu.”
Ananthu was a screenwriter, rapacious world cinema buff and a close associate of K. Balachander, and his contribution to Kamal’s career is well-known. ‘Hey Ram’, in fact, opens with the dedication: “Dear Ananthu Saab, thank you for directing me towards this direction.” Ananthu was the one who began to tell Kamal about the rules of screenwriting. Kamal discovered the French film critic André Bazin, the blacklisted Hollywood screenwriter Dalton Trumbo. “I became a great fan of Trumbo without knowing who he was.”
Kamal, with similar-minded friends, used to watch every foreign film that came his way, mostly through film festivals. He liked Bergman’s ‘The Touch’ very much. And ‘The Voyeur’ with Marcello Mastroianni and Virni Lisi. And Antonioni’s ‘The Passenger’. And Schlesinger’s ‘Midnight Cowboy’. And Arthur Penn’s ‘Alice’s Restaurant’.
“All these films affected us,” Kamal Haasan said. “We started picking up stuff.” They would keep talking about these films, and they began to be regarded as “Anglo-Indian” by the local industry. Among the many people to whom Kamal told the stories he had in his head was Balu Mahendra. “Those guys were working in the European format.”
I asked Kamal Haasan to point out some of the “stuff” he’d picked up from these films. He thought for a while and mentioned the tracking shots in the early portions of ‘Guna’. He said he was a great fan of Max Ophüls, the legendary German filmmaker who made ‘The Earrings of Madame de...’ and who was known for complex tracking shots. Then he smiled and said, “We can use these ideas, at most, in a scene or two. Our films can’t take much more. If you bring these ideas in wholesale, then you’ll become like John Abraham, who was ostracised and kept outside the commercial sector.” He was referring to the Malayalam filmmaker known for avant-garde works such as ‘Agraharathil Kazhuthai’ and ‘Amma Ariyan’. “That’s a good thing actually, that’s a great state to be in. But it’s a rather lonely and dire state for a filmmaker.”
***
The story of Kamal Haasan as a dancer begins when Kamal was 12, a time his mother thought that he would be thrown out of school, the third one he was admitted into. One evening, she took him to a Kuchipudi recital at the Museum Theatre. The boy, who’d grown up with Bharatanatyam, was fascinated. Kamal Haasan told me, “I think it was the exotic form of somebody dancing on a plate.”
After the performance, while waiting for the bus at the stop on Pantheon Road, Kamal’s mother asked him if he’d liked the performance. He asked her why there was no alarippu. She explained to him the difference between the dance forms. Suddenly, he told her he wanted to learn dance. She said they’d talk about it in the morning.
The next morning, Kamal woke up, brushed his teeth, wiped his face on her pallu, and told her again that he wanted to learn dance. She asked him if he was sure. He was. She thought about it. She didn’t want to send him to classes where he’d have to stand in a queue. She wanted private tuitions from someone she could afford. This turned out to be M.S. Natarajan. He was into theatre, an actor and a fan of ‘Sivaji’ Ganesan, but he had also trained in the same school as Kamal’s sister, the Pandanallur bani. “He was not a teacher in the strict sense,” Kamal Haasan said, “but he had a repertoire that could help young children get acquainted with dance.”
Classes began. But they were at Ashok Nagar, and Kamal’s mother felt that the boy was travelling too far from their Eldams Road home. The first solution was to shift the classes to the large hall at home. Then Natarajan told Kamal’s mother, “Your son is learning very well. If I could get a small place to stay in your house with my wife, I could be on attendance at any time.” Kamal Haasan smiled at the memory. “He was right, because I was totally neglecting school. I was always in the dance class. And it had nothing to do with all the girls in the class.”
(To be continued)

Maharashtra alliance: Sena talks tough as BJP goes into a huddlepolitical development
"Shiv Sena had been in Maharashtra politics even before BJP was born. It doesn’t matter whether there is an alliance or not. The Chief Minister will be from Shiv Sena," party spokesman Sanjay Raut said.
A day after rejecting the BJP’s reported “ultimatum” to finalise a seat-sharing pact or be ready to part ways, Shiv Sena on Friday hardened its stance further, asserting it will continue to be the senior partner in Maharashtra where its leader will become the Chief Minister.
“In Maharashtra, Shiv Sena is the party which gives (seats) and not the one that asks (for seats). It was a bigger party in the State and will remain so.
“Shiv Sena had been in Maharashtra politics even before BJP was born. It doesn’t matter whether there is an alliance or not. The Chief Minister will be from Shiv Sena,” party spokesman and MP Sanjay Raut said.
BJP president Amit Shah had said at a public rally in Maharashtra on Thursday that the next government in the state will be formed by his party.
Mr. Raut said a meeting of the party’s executive has been called on September 21, 2014 which will be attended by all MPs and MLAs where Sena President Uddhav Thackeray will announce the final decision on alliance with the BJP.
“It is in this meet that Uddhavji will announce his final decision on the alliance with BJP,” he told PTI.
Mr. Raut said the party’s core committee had in its meeting on Thursday night authorised Mr. Thackeray to take a call on the alliance keeping in mind the “prestige of Maharashtra, self-respect of the party and Balasaheb Thackeray’s principles”.
Mr. Raut, however, sought to temper his tough talk by rubbishing media reports that the two saffron allies were headed for a split.
“We have been together for 25 years. But no news of breaking the alliance has reached us yet. We have not given any (seat sharing) formula to our alliance partner but self- respect is more important,” he said.
There were reports that the Shiv Sena had offered to leave 119 seats for the BJP, the number it had contested in the 2009 elections, and asked it to accommodate smaller allies as well in its quota.
The Sena had earlier rejected the BJP’s proposal that the two major allies of the “Mahayuti” alliance contest 135 seats each while leaving the rest for smaller partners like RPI (A) and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana.
BJP sources had said on Thursday night that the party had rejected the Sena’s “counter offer” of sticking to the 2009 poll formula of contesting 119 seats. “We have been demanding at least 135 seats,” they had said.
Both the BJP and the Shiv Sena have been insisting that there would be no compromise on the issue of “self-respect” and have avoided direct negotiations between their top leaders on seat- sharing though back channel talks were said to be continuing.
Meanwhile, State BJP leaders have gone into a huddle to chalk out their strategy.
The core committee of the Maharashtra BJP met amid reports that the Sena had refused to spare more than 119 of the State’s 288 seats.
The BJP’s election in-charge O.P. Mathur, State BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis, Leader of the Opposition in the Assembly Eknath Khadse and his counterpart in the Legislative Council Vinod Tawde were among those present.
Former BJP president and Union Minister Nitin Gadkari is arriving in Mumbai and will attend a meeting of senior State BJP leaders later in the day.
Despite the continuing standoff, senior Sena leader Diwakar Rawte said, “No matter what the outcome is (on alliance issue), our poll preparations are in full swing.”
Meanwhile, posters and hoardings carrying only the images of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Amit Shah have come up in parts of Mumbai. The posters have no mention or image of any Sena leader. One of the posters says, “We seek blessings of Chhatrapati Shivaji and will vote for Modi.”
On exclusion of the Sena from the BJP’s campaign rally in Pune on Thursday, Mr. Raut said the Sena is “large-hearted” and will include the ally in all its campaigns, indicating the door is still ajar for rapprochement between the oldest NDA allies.
“Amit Shah is the BJP president and not the Sena president. He will talk about BJP’s achievements in his rallies. But we are large-hearted. When we campaign, we will list out our (of the saffron combine) achievements to the people,” he said.

Nifty Gains for Third Day; TCS  HCL Tech JumpYou are here: Home Market
Nifty Gains for Third Day; TCS, HCL Tech Jump
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 17:14 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Hit Record; Banks Surge on Kotak-ING Deal
The Nifty rose for a third consecutive session on Friday, hitting its highest in about 1-1/2 weeks, as cash-rich exporters such as Tata Consultancy Services surged on hopes of being better placed to weather any Fed-related volatility.
The 50-share index rose 0.2 per cent for the week, its sixth consecutive weekly gain. That was its longest winning run since a more powerful seven-week run between January and end-February 2012.
However, broader gains were limited as investors chose to pare positions in bets related to government's efforts to rein in the country's fiscal deficit, such as Oil and Natural Gas Corp after its recent outperformance.
"While the rally is justified on expectations of reforms, actual on-ground results might take some more time," said Aneesh Srivastava, chief investment officer at IDBI Federal Life Insurance.
The broader Nifty rose 0.08 per cent to 8,121.45.
The benchmark BSE Sensex fell 0.08 per cent, or 21.79 points, to end at 27,090.42, notching up a weekly gain of 0.11 per cent.
Also, both indexes on Friday marked their highest intraday levels since Sept. 9.
Exporters with huge cash reserves gained on hopes of being better bets amid any U.S. Federal Reserve-related surprises.
Among IT exporters, Tata Consultancy Services rose 2.7 per cent, while HCL Technologies and Tech Mahindra advanced 2.2 per cent each.
In pharmaceuticals, Lupin rose 1.7 per cent while Dr. Reddy's Laboratories gained 1 per cent.
Idea Cellular gained 3 per cent after FTSE raised its investability weighting in related indexes to 40 per cent from 24 per cent.
Indiabulls Power surged by its maximum daily limit of 5 per cent after broker Motilal Oswal initiated coverage on the stock with a "buy" rating, citing capacity expansion and "compelling" valuations.
However, stocks that could be affected by government measures to mend the country's finances fell. State Bank of India fell 2 per cent while ONGC lost 2.4 per cent.
Suzlon Energy slumped by its maximum daily limit of 10 per cent after part of its foreign currency convertible bonds exchanged to shares on Sept. 9 started to trade on Friday.
 

Arkema seeks to bond with Blu Tack makerFrench chemicals group Arkema seeks to buy Blu Tack maker Bostik
By Michael Stothard in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6634a43c-3fe6-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee Ends Higher at Rs 60.81You are here: Home Forex
Rupee Ends Higher at 60.81 on Foreign Flows, but Falls for the Week
Reuters | Updated On: September 19, 2014 17:44 (IST)
Dollar Hits Seven-Year High vs Yen Ahead of Fed Minutes
Mumbai: The rupee rose for a fourth consecutive session on Friday, boosted by strong foreign fund flows into markets, although the local currency fell against the dollar for the week, in line with losses in other emerging Asian currencies.
Scotland's decision to stay in the United Kingdom also eased investor concerns on Friday after a recent run of global political obstacles.
Although the rupee hit a one-month low on Monday, it has steadily risen since then on optimism that hefty foreign fund flows will better help it weather any volatility related to potential US Federal Reserve rate hikes.
Foreign funds bought $484.65 million of government bonds on Thursday, the highest since a record high of $2.65 billion on August 21.
"While some assets may be over-valued, there is still a lot of space to go long on India. I see the rupee strengthening from here in the lead up to the RBI's policy review later this month," said Surendran AV, head of treasury at Dhanlaxmi Bank in Mumbai.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.81/82 per dollar, compared to its close of 60.83/84 on Thursday.
Still, it was down 0.26 per cent for the week on account of the big losses on Monday, posting a second consecutive weekly loss.
With few domestic factors next week, traders say foreign fund flows will determine the rupee's direction ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review on September 30.
Foreign funds have bought debt and equity worth nearly $3.61 billion so far in September, as per regulatory data, bringing their total for the year to $33.66 billion.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards PNDF, the one-month contract was at 61.14/19 while the three-month contract was at 61.63/73.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Front of the line: iPhone 6 fans await new productApple iPhone
Front of the line: iPhone 6 fans await new product
Chris Anderson, 20, of Wheaton, describes why he has waited in line at the 600 block of North Michigan Avenue Apple store since Wednesday to purchase the iPhone 6. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
Chris Anderson, 20, of Wheaton, describes why he has waited in line at the 600 block of North Michigan Avenue Apple store since Wednesday to purchase the iPhone 6. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

CBI to probe Chidambaram s nod in Aircel-Max...Aircel-Maxis deal
("In the instant case, the…)
NEW DELHI: The CBI will investigate the circumstances of the FIPB approval given by the then Finance Minister P Chidambaram in the Aircel-Maxis deal in 2006.
The agency told a special court in its charge-sheet in the case that Mauritius-based M/s Global Communication Services Holdings Ltd, a subsidiary of Maxis, had sought approval for $800 million for which Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) was competent to do so.
"However, the approval was granted by the then Finance Minister. Further investigation is being carried out into the circumstances of the said FIPB approval granted by the then Finance Minister. The related issues are also being investigated," the chargesheet in the Aircel-Maxis case before special judge O P Saini said.
The agency said that Finance Minister was competent to accord approval on project proposals of up to Rs 600 crores and proposals beyond this required the approval of CCEA.
"In the instant case, the approval of FDI of $800 million was sought. Hence, CCEA was competent to grant approval. However, it was not obtained," it claimed.
However, sources who were in the know of developments in the matter at that time said that the FIPB sought only the approval of the minister and not the CCEA as it was not required under the rules then.
CBI had chargesheeted former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran, his brother Kalanithi Maran, T Ananda Krishnan, Malaysian national Augustus Ralph Marshall and four firms -- Sun Direct TV Pvt Ltd, Maxis Communication Berhad, South Asia Entertainment Holding Ltd and Astro All Asia Network PLC -- as accused in the case.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Dollar reaches six-year high versus yen© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2dec24ae-3fe8-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

35 Chinese PLA soldiers back in Chumar35 Chinese PLA soldiers back in Chumar
Scottish referendum: Alex Salmond to quit as first ministerScottish referendum: Alex Salmond to quit as first minister
Toyota Recalling 130 000 Tundras for Air-Bag Issuetoyota recalling 130 000 tundras for air-bag issue
Sept 16: Mumbai in picsTweet
Republican Party of India president Ramdas Athawale interacts with media after meeting the Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray in Mumbai. (Satish Bate/HT photo)
Artists play traditional music as NCP chief Sharad Pawar looks on at an election rally in Kolhapur. (Uday Deolekar/HT photo)
NCP chief Sharad Pawar and other senior leaders at a rally in Kolhapur.(Uday Deolekar/HT photo)
The BJP’s impressive showing in Maharashtra has dashed the hopes of the Sharad Pawar-led Nationalist Congress Party to retain its national party status.. (Uday Deolekar/HT file photo)
RBI governor Raghuram Rajan visited Somaiya Vidyavihar on its 55th Foundation day celebration in Mumbai. (Kunal Patil/HT photo)
School children in Bandra attend the morning mass at Mount Mary Church in Bandra, Mumbai. (Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
School children in Bandra attend the morning mass at Mount Mary Church in Bandra, Mumbai. (Kalpak Pathak/HT photo)
T-shirts with leaders images are being put up on sale at a shop in Lalbaug, Mumbai ahead of assembly polls. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Chitra Pednekar of Aves & Reptile Rescue Unit rescues a 4.5ft monitor lizard at Chembur in Mumbai.  (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Sunil Chavan of Aves & Reptile Rescue Unit rescue a forest scorpion at in Mumbai.  (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Sagar Katurde, Shyam Rahate and Sunit Jadhav pose after at the 6th World Body Building and Physique Sports organised by Indian Body Builders Federation in Mumbai. (Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Samajwadi Party leader Abu Azmi celebrates with his party members after the UP bypolls results in Mumbai.(Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
SP leader Abu Asim Azmi celebrates with his party members after the UP bypolls results in Mumbai.(Anshuman Poyrekar/HT photo)
Advertisement

PM raises issue of Chinese incursions with Xi JinpingPM raises issue of Chinese incursions with Xi Jinping
PTI
Chinese President Xi Jinping being welcomed by President Pranab Mukherjee and Prime Minister Narendra Modi during a ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: R V Moorthy
New Delhi, Sept 18:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping today held talks during which the Indian side conveyed its concerns over Chinese incursions as the two sides discussed all “substantive issues” having a bearing on bilateral ties.
Modi and Xi held talks in a restricted format and then at delegation level during which the two leaders also focused on cooperation in key areas of trade and investment.
Modi, who hosted a private dinner for Xi in Ahmedabad after his arrival yesterday, raised the issue of Chinese incursions last night as well as today, official sources said.
Chinese incursions
The issue assumes significance in the backdrop of incursions by the Chinese side in Chumar area of Jammu and Kashmir.
The Chinese Army pushed in more troops into Chumar village along the Line of Actual Control in the wee hours today.
The Chinese side had pushed in more troops yesterday morning as well, the sources said, adding that the number of People’s Liberation Army personnel stood at nearly 500 with an equal matcher from the Indian side as well.
Chumar, located more than 300 km Northeast of Leh and bordering Himachal Pradesh, has been a flash point between the two sides with the Chinese side making several attempts to end India’s dominance in the area.
The stand-off in Demchok where Chinese nomads — Rebos — had pitched their tents is continuing. The incursion in this area is nearly 500 metres deep into Indian territory.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

SEBI working on norms to clear FPO in 45 daysSEBI working on norms to clear FPO in 45 days
Shishir Sinha
Top 200 companies to be covered initially
New Delhi, September 18:  
Listed companies will not have to wait longer to sell shares through follow-on public offers (FPOs) as the Securities and Exchange Board of India plans to bring down the period of issuing an observation letter to 45 days.
“Currently, the observation giving process of an FPO proposal takes 3-6 months, which is too high. Our effort would be to fast-track the process,” a senior SEBI official told BusinessLine, adding that initially this would apply for the top 200 companies, and should be in place in the next six months. An FPO takes place when a company taps the market anytime after its initial public offering.
Pranav Haldea, Managing Director of Prime Database (which tracks primary issuance of equity and debt), said since listed companies already make a lot of disclosures, there is no need to give all the information when approaching the market again. This can also reduce the time period for issuance of observation letter. “The Government has indicated using more FPOs than ‘offer-for-sale’ for disinvesting its stake in Central public sector enterprises this year. Fast-tracking will help in this regard,” he added.
Consultation paper
The market regulator also plans to issue a consultation paper, inviting comments from the public, after which the new guidelines will be issued. Once implemented, this will be the second quick process for selling shares, apart from OFS, through stock exchanges, better known as the auction method.
There are some differences between the FPO and OFS mechanisms. The former requires a price band (floor or minimum cap or maximum price) for bidding, and the issue needs to remain open for bidding and application through many windows.
The OFS mechanism prescribes just the floor price, and bidding takes place only during trading hours on a particular day, with only one window for placing the bids. The key difference is that OFS requires less documentation than FPOs. Also, the completion process, including allotment of shares in FPOs, takes longer.
A traditional FPO reserves a minimum of 35 per cent of shares for retail investors, while this June, SEBI prescribed a minimum of 10 per cent for retail investors in OFS.
Haldea said, even earlier, retail participation in OFS was not significant and the situation is unlikely to change now with the ease of investing in FPOs.
On a technical note, SEBI does not approve or reject a public offer. It simply ensures that all the information in the offer document follows regulatory norms. Accordingly, it issues an observation letter that is valid for 12 months, which means a company has to open its issue within 12 months from the date of issuance of the letter. If it fails to do so, it needs to approach the regulator again.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

If gold rallies to $1 240-45/ounce  sellIf gold rallies to $1,240-45/ounce, sell
Gnanasekaar T
Stop loss:$1,266; target: $1,200
September 18, 2014:  
Comex gold futures were sharply lower on Thursday as the dollar strengthened against a basket of currencies after the Federal Reserve indicated it could rise borrowing costs faster than expected.
The only support for gold now can come in the form of pick-up in physical demand from India ahead of the festival season.
Comex gold futures fell lower in line with our expectations. As mentioned in the previous update, though near-term support is seen at $1,240 an ounce, possibility that prices could eventually breaking lower and heading towards recent lows at $1,180 levels looked likely. Resistances will now be seen at $1,240-45, followed by $1,265 levels.
Prices are expected to gradually inch towards $1,185-1,200 levels, being a crucial trend line resistance support point. A close below $1,175 should open the downside for an even sharper move lower towards $1,050 levels.
Only a close above $1,297 could cause doubts on our bearish view. Such a rise could take prices higher towards $1,310-15 again, which we do not favour presently.
Favoured view still expects prices to get capped in the $1,235-40 range and decline again.
The wave counts have to be revisited again. Fall below $1,250 has forced us to abandon any bullish hopes and look at a bearish one targeting $1,050.
We feel the present set of moves from $1,175 to $1,435 is a corrective wave four in an impulse which began from the high of $1,920, with a equality target at $1,020. Ideally, from this are a pullback higher towards $1,300 looks likely.
RSI is in the oversold zone now indicating a possible upward correction or a retracement in the offing. The averages in MACD are still below the zero line of the indicator indicating a bearish reversal.
Only a cross over again above the zero line could hint at a possible bullish reversal again.
Therefore, look to sell gold on rallies to $1,240-45 zone with a stop loss at $1,266 targeting $1,200 and 1,145.
Supports are at $1,200, 1,175 and 1,145 and Resistances are at $1,240, 1,265 and 1,285.
The writer is the Director of Commtrendz Research. There is risk of loss in trading.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

BJP continues to bet on love jihad leader Yogi AdityanathBJP continues to bet on ‘love jihad’ leader Yogi Adityanath
Poornima Joshi
Vote magnet BJP MP Yogi Adityanath (file photo).
Says its star campaigner can’t be held responsible for party’s by-poll debacle in UP
New Delhi, September 18:  
Yogi Adityanath and his ‘love jihad’ pitch may have rebounded in the recent Uttar Pradesh by-elections for 11 seats but the BJP still has abiding faith in its star campaigner’s voter attraction.
“It was not a mistake to project Yogi Adityanath.
“This is only a temporary setback. The BJP needs him in the long run, especially in the Poorvanchal region where from Ghazipur to Azamgarh, criminals such as Mukhtar Ansari and Ateeq Ahmad are harboured by the local parties.
“The contempt for issues like love jihad is a very Delhi-centric sentiment. In the Hindi heartland, these are sensitive and relevant issues,” said a BJP leader.
According to him, the heavy communal polarisation this time went against the BJP because with the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) not contesting and the Congress putting up a poor show, the Muslim vote consolidated behind Mulayam Singh Yadav’s Samajwadi Party (SP).
Besides, the BJP suspects Mayawati of having transferred some of her core votes to the SP. But this is “election-specific”, meaning that circumstances in other elections will be more conducive to Adityanath’s brand of mobilisation.
“If you analyse our vote percentage, there is not much fall in real terms. From 42 per cent, we have come down to just over 39 per cent. What is interesting is that the SP’s vote share has gone up from 24 to 42 per cent.
“This can be explained by the consolidation of Muslim votes as well as some portion of the Dalits voting for the SP,” said the BJP leader.
In a constituency such as Charkhari, for instance, the BJP has been pushed down to the third position because its votes among the Lodhs, a caste to which Uma Bharati belongs, shifted to the SP.
Lodh is a backward caste. Uma Bharati had won the Charkhari seat in the Assembly elections held in 2012. She resigned because she was elected to the Lok Sabha from Jhansi.
But this kind of caste consolidation will not be possible in four-corner contests with both Mayawati and the Congress attracting Dalit and Muslim votes. In such circumstances, the BJP will need Adityanath to consolidate its core upper caste vote while it expects the Muslim vote to be split three-ways.
Not enthused
One more reason for the SP’s success, according to this BJP leader, is that while the communal polarisation pushed the Muslim vote towards the SP, the BJP’s voter was not enthused enough.
“There was a drop in polling percentage because in a by-election, the voters are not as excited as they were to vote for Narendra Modi in the Lok Sabha elections,” said the BJP leader.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

Focus on exports  tea growers toldUpdated: September 18, 2014 23:53 IST
Focus on exports, tea growers told
Special Correspondent
beverage
Two new tea plant clones with properties to tolerate the drought conditions while boosting productivity were launched on Thursday at the 50 annual general meeting of the Tea Research Association (TRA).
Additional Commerce Secretary Rajani Ranjan Rashmi said that development of better clones to address the problem of climate change was one of the main challenges before the TRA.
The Union Commerce Ministry, together with the Union Health Ministry, was working on a scheme of harmonisation of standards to help improve quality, Mr. Rashmi said.
He said that total area under tea cultivation had remained almost static at 5.7 lakh hectares over the last 40 years, but tea output had achieved quantum jump from 200 million kg to 1,200 million kg.
“The challenge is to make this sustainable,” he said. He also asked tea growers to refocus on exports.
Indian Tea Association Chairman A. N. Singh highlighted the changing weather pattern, stressing the need for harmonisation of standards of various inputs used for tea cultivation. Nigel Melican, D. N. Borbora Chair on Tea Quality and Manufacturing, stressed the need for mechanisation in the tea industry, saying that this was inevitable and part of a global trend.

Volvo sees new growth opportunitiesUpdated: September 18, 2014 23:41 IST
Volvo sees new growth opportunities
Special Correspondent
automobile
Bus maker Volvo sees strong, new growth opportunities emerging from the changing aspiration levels of people in smaller cities and the Centre’s emphasis on building smart cities.
The demand for its buses, Volvo Buses India Managing Director V. R. V. Sriprasad said, was no longer restricted to major cities as government transport undertakings in smaller cities were also placing orders. Solapur and Puducherry have taken delivery of Volvo buses this year and many other smaller cities have evinced interest.
Along with senior executives of the company, he was briefing presspersons visiting the Volvo plant in Hoskote, near here, on Wednesday. People increasingly, they said, were not averse to spending more for improved comforts and getting value for money.
For the transport corporations, Volvo buses offered better realisation besides the benefits associated with increased use of public transportation. Bangalore, he said, had the largest fleet of Volvo among the 15 cities that have deployed the vehicle.
Volvo, which recently sold its 5,000 bus (including to private operators) in the country, is “extremely happy about the government speaking about [creating] smart cities. It is a phenomenal opportunity… ready to share our knowledge, capacity and talking to the government,” he said. The company, which completed an expansion project over the last two years, “need not invest anything new. We are future ready,” Mr. Sriprasad said, adding a lot of prototype building work was also undertaken at the project.
On accidents involving Volvo buses impacting the sales, he said: “The buses we make are safe.” A pointer to this was the customers placing repeat orders with the company.

43 more drugs brought under price control43 more drugs brought under price control
Our Bureau
High Court asks industry, Govt to resolve pricing issue
New Delhi, September 18:  
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority today brought prices of 43 essential medicines to treat diseases like tuberculosis or heart ailments under a control regime.
This is even as the Delhi High Court on Thursday asked the Centre and the pharmaceutical companies to resolve the drug pricing issue.
According to an NPPA order, besides the 43 drug formulations brought under the control regime, prices of 20 medicines were revised. These drugs had been brought under price control earlier. Last month, 56 drug formulations were brought under the price control regime.
The 43 drugs that were brought under the control regime include the BCG vaccine (which also falls under the public-funded Universal Immunisation Programme), antibiotics such as ciprofloxacin HCl and rifampicin (used to treat tuberculosis), and cardiovascular medicines like acetyl salicylic acid.
Monopoly issues
According to the NPPA, several drug producers, such as Lupin, Cadila and Cipla, had a monopoly on many of these drugs. When a company holds over one per cent market share for a drug, it is considered to have a monopoly.
Bringing more medicines under the price control regime has resulted in friction between the Government and the pharmaceutical industry, resulting in litigation. Industry associations are currently tied up in legal battles with the NPPA over price control which, the industry says, will make it unviable to produce and distribute some of these medicines.
“We are weighing our options for exiting production of some of these medicines included in the essential medicines list,” a senior executive of a pharmaceutical company said.
Can take price-cuts
However, Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP-Research (Pharma, Angel Broking, said, “It is not like pharmaceutical companies are not in a position to absorb these price cuts. Especially since the DPCO (Drug Price Control Order) has a provision of increasing prices depending on WPI inflation (now under 4 per cent).”
She added that while the industry is likely to see some short-term volatility in the market, the long-term impact is not likely to be significant.
“The idea is to come up with a market-linked formula which results in a decent mechanism of drug pricing with minimum price variations. And the industry will have to take it since it is under the law,” Nangra said.
(This article was published on September 18, 2014)
Related

A fuel delivery pipe in the engine may leak because it was not correctly welded by a Toyota supplier company.a fuel delivery pipe in the engine may leak because it was not correctly welded by a toyota supplier company.
Markets Cry  Yes  After Scotland Votes  Nomarkets cry  yes  after scotland votes  no
Whats with gravity and Apple Early buyer drops iPhone 6 on cameraAn Australian, who became the first man in the country to buy the new Apple iPhone 6, dropped his enviable purchase while taking it out of the box on live television.
 
Perth’s Jack Cooksey was being interviewed by a 9news channel reporter just outside the Apple store, where he had bought the phone minutes ago, when he dropped the coveted buy while trying to take it out of its cover.
 
The phone slipped out of his hand and landed on the concrete floor with a 'thud' and was followed by a collective sigh from the crowd gathered around him.
 
According to perthnow.com, Cooksey was one of the more than 200 Apple admirers who had camped outside the store since Thursday night.
 
The drop left Cooksey shocked and embarrassed, but according to perthnow.com, the phone is safe.
 
"Luckily it’s covered in plastic, so it’s fine," it quoted Cooksey as saying.
 
Many versions of the 'drop' have started making rounds on video sharing site YouTube and comments are flying fast and thick.
 

Sensex closes flat; capital goods declineSep 19, 2014 at  04:15pm IST
Sensex closes flat; capital goods decline
2
0
Mumbai: A benchmark index of Indian equities markets closed flat in volatile trade on Friday as capital goods, oil and gas and automobile stocks fell on profit booking.
Bearish sentiments took hold of the investors a day after the market gained 480.92 points or 1.81 per cent as the US Fed said it will maintain interest rates to near zero for a "considerable time" even after its bond-buying programme ends.
Sectoral indices such as capital goods, oil and gas, automobiles, metal and realty sustained losses, while healthy gains were observed in information technology (IT), technology, entertainment and media (teck) and healthcare stocks.
A benchmark index of Indian equities markets closed flat in volatile trade on Friday as capital goods, oil and gas and automobile stocks fell on profit booking.
The 30-scrip Sensitive Index (Sensex) of the S&P Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), which opened at 27,139.39 points, closed trade at 27,090.42 points (provisionally), down 21.79 or 0.08 per cent from the previous day's close at 27,112.21 points.
The Sensex touched a high of 27,247.17 points and a low of 27,047.68 points in intra-trade.
The S&P BSE capital goods index lost 290.91 points, oil and gas index was down by 136.45 points, automobile index fell 127.76 points, metal index was down by 60.70 points and realty index fell 14.44 points.
However, IT index gained 144.57 points, teck index increased by 66.10 points and healthcare index moved up by 45.36 points.
The wider 50-scrip Nifty of the National Stock Exchange (NSE) also closed flat. It was up 6.70 points or 0.08 per cent at 8,121.45 points.
0

GSK to pay 297m fine for Chinese bribesGSK to pay £297m fine for Chinese bribes
By Andrew Ward in London and Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dea9811e-3fd5-11e4-936b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hirai struggles to reignite Sonys sparkSeptember 19, 2014 12:34 pm
Kazuo Hirai struggles to reignite Sony’s spark
By Kana Inagaki in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e5a88c3a-3fd5-11e4-a381-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The end of banks heydayTechnology spells the end for banks’ heyday
By Jonathan Eley
Margins, profits and dividends will never fully recover
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/598942b6-3e69-11e4-a620-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Spend today counting penguins for scienceBy Rachel Feltman September 19 Follow @rachelfeltman
The Penguin Lifelines project hitches rides to the Poles on cruise ships, tour ships and private yachts and stations cameras and audio equipment in remote locations to monitor Arctic wildlife. (University of Oxford/Penguin Lifelines)
No one wants to be at work on a Friday. But today, instead of spending all your precious procrastination time on Twitter, spend it looking at penguins .
It's pretty simple: In Antarctica, remote cameras (shown above) are monitoring more than 30 colonies of penguins -- populations that are in decline because of climate change. It's more practical to leave recording devices there than it is to drop researchers long-term, given how distant and inhospitable the area is.
Researchers at Oxford University now have over 200,000 photos to sort through, and counting. That's where you come in: When you log on to Penguin Watch, you'll be presented with random photos from the collection.
All you have to do is properly tag the adult penguins, baby penguins, eggs, and any other animals in the frame. By helping the researchers turn penguins into data points, you'll help them analyze how many penguins there are --  and how their colonies are organized.
Where do they keep the eggs? Do young penguins hang out with old penguins? What happens when mating season comes around? Is that a rock, or a potential penguin predator? Scientists want to know, but first they've got to analyze a couple hundred thousand photos.
Eventually, all of this human input can be used to create a computer algorithm to do the job more quickly. But for now, get clicking. And don't worry about mistakes --  multiple people tag each photo, so someone else can make up for your penguin-tagging oversights.
Penguin Watch is just the latest of whole bunch of projects hosted by Zooniverse -- all of them similarly designed to let citizen scientists help out with big chunks of data. If penguins aren't your thing, check out the site's other projects .
Rachel Feltman runs The Post's Speaking of Science blog.

Shiv Sena BJP continue to play hardball over seat sharingShiv Sena BJP continue to play hardball over seat sharing
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation offers to help monitor  Jan Dhan YojanaBill & Melinda Gates Foundation offers to help monitor 'Jan Dhan Yojana'
PTI Sep 19, 2014, 07.51PM IST
Tags:
Aadhar
(The main features of the…)
NEW DELHI: Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (BMGF) has offered to help in monitoring of the progress made with regard to Pradhan Mantri Jan-Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), the flagship financial inclusion scheme of the government.
"BMGF can help in mapping the different sites across the country and can inform wherever a saturation level with regard to opening of accounts has reached or likely to reach so that focus can be made in other areas," Microsoft founder Bill Gates said during his interaction with the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley yesterday.
Gates was accompanied by his wife Melinda Gates. PMJDY was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi last month to promote financial inclusion.
The Finance Minister welcomed the offer of Gates and said that the proposal will be duly considered.
Similarly, Gates also expressed his desire to extend help in Swach Bharat abhiyan and health related programmes.
Jaitley appreciated the work done by BMGF for the people at large in the field of health care, sanitation and financial inclusion.
The main features of the PMJDY scheme include Rs 5,000 overdraft facility for Aadhar-linked accounts, RuPay Debit Card with inbuilt Rs 1 lakh accident insurance cover.
Besides, account holders under the scheme will get life insurance cover of Rs 30,000. This was additional benefit announced by the Prime Minister during the launch of the scheme.
Meanwhile, Bill Gates today announced an emergency relief fund of $700,000 for the flood victims of Jammu and Kashmir .
The help came in response to a request from Minister of State for Personnel Jitendra Singh, who hails from Jammu and Kashmir.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why you can  should  and probably will eat bugsBy Rachel Feltman September 19 Follow @rachelfeltman
Hopping onto a plate near you. (Bigstock)
Insects are really good for you. They're a low-fat source of protein, full of nutritious goodness and carry a much lower carbon footprint than other sources of meat.
Confession: I haven't tried eating them yet. But I will, and probably soon, and I'm willing to bet that you will, too. Why? Because all the cool kids are doing it .
This year seems to be the year of the insect farming start-up. In the coming months, your options for dining on creepy crawlers are set to explode. Crickets, in particular , are featured in a whole host of new products --  they're easy to raise en masse, and can be ground down into an innocuous "flour" (really, it's more like protein powder that doubles as leavening). There are cricket chips  and protein bars to chew on, not to mention whole bugs, kept crispy and covered in tasty seasoning.
According to a recent study , the first people to jump on the bug-eating bandwagon will be young, adventurous men. But some have taken issue with that conclusion, and with good reason -- the actual movement around insect palatability has been pretty diverse. And remember, it's really only the western world that finds insect-based grub so unappealing: In 2013, the United Nations even issued a report telling us off for it.
You can take a tour of one of the companies pushing cricket flour over at The Verge . And if their tale of eating cricket tacos churns your stomach, just remember: You're probably eating bugs pretty often , anyway. You might as well enjoy the crunch.
1 of 9

BJP wants to talk to Sena on each Maharashtra seatUpdated: September 20, 2014 02:53 IST
BJP offers to settle for less
Priyanka Kakodkar
Tweet
BJP national president Amit Shah (right) and Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray in Mumbai. File photo: Special Arrangement
PTI In this September 18, 2014 photo, BJP president Amit Shah with Maharashtra BJP leaders at a party function in Ahemadnagar. The Sena-BJP alliance is under strain over seat-sharing for the Maharashtra Assembly polls.
TOPICS
state politics
Suggests 125-130 seats for itself, 163 for Sena in new proposal
Taking the initiative to break the deadlock over seat-sharing with its ally Shiv Sena in Maharashtra, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has offered to settle for 125-130 of the State’s 288 seats, less than its original demand of 135, but it remains keen to avoid announcing a chief ministerial candidate.
The Sena will get 163 seats under the fresh proposal and each will cede nine seats to smaller allies. There was no official word on the ongoing talks between the partners. “A proposal has been given to the Sena and we are hopeful of getting a positive response,” said Devendra Fadnavis, the BJP’s Maharashtra unit president.
Sena leader Aaditya Thackeray said the freeze in the alliance had thawed. “Both parties have decided to continue with the alliance to defeat the Congress-NCP government.”
The final seat-sharing formula is to be decided between Uddhav Thackeray and the BJP’s State election in-charge O.P. Mathur. The allies were expected to hold another meeting on Friday night.
The Sena has been insisting on the 2009 formula that gave 119 seats to the BJP and 169 to the Sena. The BJP asked for more and also wanted a discussion on the 59 seats that the Sena had not won in the past and 19 seats that the BJP had not won.
This had heightened tension between the allies leading to speculation on Thursday of a possible split. There could be some exchange of seats between the parties, according to leaders.
The BJP, whose core committee led by O.P. Mathur met here on Friday, said before sending the proposal to the Sena that it wanted the alliance to continue. “Our priority is to work for the aspirations of the people of Maharashtra. The people’s hopes are rested on the yuti [alliance],” BJP leader Sudhir Mungantiwar said. “Who will be the CM is not important at this moment.”
The BJP leaders stressed that the party had displayed a “large heart” in the past and worked to keep the alliance intact. Eknath Khadse, Leader of the Opposition in the Assembly, said the BJP made many “sacrifices” for the sake of the alliance and also reduced its Lok Sabha share from 32 to 26.
“We don’t want any mistakes from our allies that will benefit the NCP-Congress,” Mr. Mungantiwar said.

Scottish nationalist leader Salmond quits after losing independence voteScottish nationalist leader Salmond quits
Reuters
print
Scottish nationalist Alex Salmond resigned as leader of his party on Friday and will quit as First Minister of his country after losing an independence referendum.
"For me as leader my time is nearly over but for Scotland the campaign continues and the dream will never die," Salmond told reporters in Edinburgh.
Read: Scotland stays, but now it could be a less united UK ahead
Salmond said he would not accept the nomination as leader of the Scottish National Party at an annual conference in November and that he would then resign as First Minister.
"After the membership ballot I will stand down as first minister to allow the new leader to be elected," he said.

US Stocks Waver at Midday After Alibaba DebutAll the feels, "Lord of the Rings" fans, all the feels. Billy Boyd, who plays Pippin in the series and fronts the...
New Line Productions, Pierre Vinet/AP Photo
2
It's finally here. The much-anticipated third installment of the "Hunger Games" opened in theaters Friday. "The...
3

School bars  married  girl to attend schoolSchool bars  married  girl to attend school
Alibaba shares surge 46 percent in their debutAlibaba shares surge more than 40% in Wall Street debut
AFP  New York, September 19, 2014
First Published: 09:39 IST(19/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:28 IST(20/9/2014)
Comments
A buying frenzy sent Alibaba shares sharply higher on Friday as the Chinese online giant made its historic Wall Street trading debut.
In early trades after the record public share offering, Alibaba leapt from an opening price of $68 to nearly $100 and, while it dropped back, was still up some 38% at $94.08 after 10 minutes.
Company founder Jack Ma was on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange before trading opened, while a group of Alibaba customers rang the opening bell.
By raising as much as $25 billion, Chinese online giant Alibaba is poised to break the record for the largest initial public offering in history.
Priced at $68 a share, Alibaba has raised $21.7 billion with the offering of 320 million shares.
If underwriters exercise the option for 48 million additional shares, the amount would top $25 billion, breaking the 2010 record set by China's AgBank of $22.1 billion.
Speaking to CNBC television from the trading floor, Ma said he was "very honored, and so excited" by the market debut and that he sees enormous growth potential for Alibaba.
"We have a dream," he said. "We hope in the next 15 years the world will change. We want to be bigger than Wal-Mart."
He added that he sees Alibaba as a company that will have a huge impact: "We hope people say in 15 (years) this is a company like Microsoft, like IBM."
Upbeat analysts
Some analysts were also upbeat about Alibaba, which dominates the Chinese online retail space with Taobao.com and TMall.com.
"Alibaba has become the biggest e-commerce firm in the world in terms of gross merchandise volume," the research firm Trefis said, setting a target price of $80 per share.
"Alibaba will continue to retain the mammoth share of online shoppers, even if it is not able to increase it much."
Youssef Squali at Cantor Fitzgerald recommending buying Alibaba.
Alibaba "starts trading today and with it comes the opportunity to invest in China's largest e-commerce platform, which we believe has the potential to dominate global online commerce over time," the analyst said in a note to clients.
"While the stock's not cheap, we believe the company's outsized growth and margin profiles, if sustained, should support higher valuation over time."
The IPO allows investors to get a piece of the huge Chinese market, but it also will fuel Alibaba's international ambitions.
Alibaba's consumer services are similar to a mix of those offered by US Internet titans eBay, PayPal and Amazon, and it also operates services for wholesalers.
The company earlier this year announced plans for a US marketplace called 11 Main, which is currently in a test phase.
Alibaba Group made a profit of nearly $2 billion on revenue of $2.5 billion in the quarter ending June 30. Revenue rose 46 percent from the same period a year earlier.
Alibaba decided to list in New York because it wanted an alternative class share structure to give selected minority shareholders extra control over the board; the Hong Kong bourse declined to change its rules to allow this.
A US government panel has warned of risks to investors because of a complex corporate structure. Alibaba is registered in the Cayman Islands and controlled by a partnership through a series of shell companies.
The IPO is also a major event for US-based Yahoo, which bought a 40% stake in the Chinese online giant in 2005 for $1 billion and still holds 22.4%.
The California company is expected to walk away with close to $10 billion by paring that stake down to 16.3%.

UP prepares plans to tackle  love jihadUttar Pradesh’s home department is drawing up a strategy to deal with cases of so-called ‘love jihad’, a highly emotive issue that officials say is turning out to be a major law and order problem in various districts.
 
Officials say the attempt by right-wing Hindu groups to mobilise people over ‘love jihad’ has virtually foxed the police as there were no relevant legal provisions to deal with the issue. Not only is the terminology new to police officers but also have they never dealt with such complaints before.
 
In view of this, the home department has directed police officers to register cases charging the accused with deceit and fraud if the person was found to have hidden his or her true religious identity while getting into a relationship.
 
Read: No official complaint on 'love jihad' so far, says Maneka
 
Talking to HT, principal secretary, Home, Neeraj Kumar Gupta said superintendents of police have been directed to constitute a committee of leaders of both communities to resolve these cases as well as to curb communal tension.
 
The issue of ‘love jihad’ became a prominent plank for right-wing Hindu groups in by-elections in the state held this month.
 
Usually, when the police refuse to entertain complaints of ‘love jihad’, activists of the right wing organisations often start protesting or launch agitation.
 
“In (a) majority of the cases, the leaders of the saffron brigades accompany the complainant to get the FIR registered at the police station,” a police officer said.
 
“The debacle in the by-poll has hardly dampened the spirit of the leaders as they mobilise people put pressure on the in-charge of the police station to lodge the FIR.”
 
On Wednesday the activists of Bhartiya Janta Yuva Morcha (BJYM) organised demonstration near Gandhi Park police station in Aligarh demanding registration of FIR in a ‘love jihad’ case. The BJYM members alleged that a Muslim man married a girl of another community in Naurangabad locality posing as a Hindu.
Read: How 'love jihad' became a mainstream agenda
 
In another case, members of the Hindu Yuva Vahini sat on dharna at police station in Mahoba demanding registration of FIR in a similar case.
 
More such cases had also been reported from Etah, Bijnore, Muzafffarnagar, Agra, Bhadohi, Gorakhpur, Pilibhit and Ghazipur where Hindu groups launched agitations demanding registration of FIR.
 
“The protest is leading to communal tension as the members of the opposite community are also rallying behind the accused”, the police officer said.

Congress rakes up need for having LoP in Lok SabhaSep 19, 2014 at 09:11pm IST
Congress rakes up need for having LoP in Lok Sabha
14
0
New Delhi: Congress on Friday again raked up the need for having a Leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha insisting that it was not a titular position and is required to form a "shadow cabinet". Party General Secretary CP Joshi cited the Page Committee report on the role of Leader of the House and the Leader of the Opposition and Whips.
He said the report clearly explains that if the constituent group forming a party for the proper functioning of the House with a view to strengthening parliamentary democracy, have a common programme, common organisation and have one leader and one whip, there is no objection to necessary recognition being given to that party.
"This applies both to government and opposition parties and no distinction can be made between a government party and an opposition party similarly formed," he said in a statement. The Page Committee report also states that the leader of the largest recognised Opposition party - whether a regular party or a party composed of different parties or groups - should be recognised as Leader of the Opposition.
Congress on Friday raked up the need for having a Leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha insisting that it was not a titular position and is required to form a "shadow cabinet".
#lok sabha #leader of opposition #sumitra mahajan #congress
"It is pertinent to note here that the Congress party submitted to the Speaker with signature of 60 MPs which included Congress leaders and members of its allies in order to stake claim on the Leader of the Opposition post," he said.
Joshi said the Supreme Court has also questioned the central government over the issue of appointing LoP and said it will give a larger interpretation to the concept of the opposition leader if the government failed to resolve the issue. The Leader of the Opposition conveys the voice of the people different from that of the government, said the apex court, raising questions regarding the absence of a recognised opposition leader in the Lower House.
Noting that the presence of opposition is bulwark of a true democracy, he said the LoP is necessary to not just criticise and review the actions of the government, but to ensure that all legislations receive the due process of parliamentary deliberations.
"I hope better sense prevails," he said. The Page Committee report states that "there may be several parties in opposition, but the Opposition means the second main party temporarily in a minority, with leaders experienced in office, who are ready when the time arises, to form an alternative government." Speaker Sumitra Mahajan had rejected Congress' demand for LoP status citing rules and tradition.
6

BJP firm on resolution of issues of ethnic Tamils in SL: RaoBJP firm on resolution of issues of ethnic Tamils in SL: Rao
Boom: Alibaba surges 40% in huge IPOBoom: Alibaba surges 38% in huge IPO debut
By Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 September 19, 2014: 4:21 PM ET
 
This is how a stock is born
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Alibaba, the biggest IPO to ever hit Wall Street, made a huge splash when it started trading Friday.
Shares of the Chinese e-commerce giant closed at $93.89, marking a 38% pop from the $68 price of its record-shattering initial public offering.
The bounce signals optimism among investors about Alibaba's ( BABA ) ability to continue its rapid growth trajectory as China's middle class grows and and the company expands to other parts of the world.
Moments after the stock started trading, the co-founder and CEO of the company, Jack Ma, told CNNMoney he's "honored" and "humbled."
Ma told CNBC that years from now he wants Alibaba to be compared with American icons like Wal-Mart ( WMT ), Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) and IBM ( IBM , Tech30 ). People will say Alibaba "changed the world," he said.
Related: Everything you need to know about Alibaba
Alibaba opened at $92.70 and then raced to nearly $100 before sinking back below the IPO price for a few hours. The initial trading day for any stock is almost always volatile, but Alibaba's will be seen as a win.
Unlike the disastrous 2012 Facebook ( FB , Tech30 )IPO on Nasdaq, Alibaba's first few hours as a public company went smoothly. That's good news for the New York Stock Exchange, where Alibaba chose to list its high-profile IPO under the ticker symbol "BABA."
Alibaba raised $21.8 billion late Thursday. That's the largest ever IPO for a company listed on an American exchange.
It might turn out to be the biggest IPO in the world. Goldman Sach ( GS )and the other investment banks that made the IPO happen have the option to purchase additional shares. If those options are exercised as expected, the Alibaba deal would raise $25 billion -- a global record.
Alibaba is cashing in on a very bullish overall atmosphere for stocks. The Dow and S&P 500 set new all-time records this week.
Don't worry if you've never heard of Alibaba. You haven't been living under a rock.
The Chinese company, which was founded in 1999 by former English teacher Ma, has yet to make its presence felt in the U.S. But the truckload of new cash raised by the IPO should change that.
Alibaba has largely focused on the exploding Chinese Internet market, which has already made the company a dominant player in e-commerce.
Related: Alibaba IPO means a big payday for Jack Ma
Investors are so excited about the company becasue roughly $248 billion of merchandise exchanged hands on Alibaba's platforms in 2013, according to IDC. That trumps the gross merchandise volume of Amazon.com ( AMZN , Tech30 ), eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ), JD.com ( JD ) and Japan's Rakuten ( RKUNF ) -- combined.
Thanks to those impressive figures, Alibaba starts life with some elite company you've definitely heard of. At the $68 IPO price, Alibaba was valued at $168 billion. That's more than Amazon.com.
After the first day of trading, Alibaba now has an even more impressive valuation of $231 billion, which is greater than Facebook and more than halfway to catching Google ( GOOGL , Tech30 ).
Many investors like to consider the price-to-earnings ratio as a way to gauge how expensive a stock is. Based on its earnings for the year ended March 31, Alibaba is trading at a very lofty price-to-earnings multiple of 61.
Analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald launched coverage of Alibaba on Friday with a "buy" rating, although they have a price target of $90, which has already been surpassed.
"We believe that a differentiated pricing model, strong brand and unmatched scale give Alibaba an unfair competitive advantage," Cantor analyst Youssef Squali wrote in a note.
Retail investors are showing some serious interest in Alibaba. TD Ameritrade ( AMTD ) said Alibaba orders were on track to represent 15% of daily average revenue trades at the brokerage. By comparison, Facebook represented 22% of trades on its IPO day and Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ) was about 5%.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) investors are also cheering because the U.S. Internet company is cashing in a chunk of its investment in Alibaba. After taxes, Yahoo is poised to make around $5.1 billion by selling about 122 million Alibaba shares. Yahoo is holding onto a major stake that translates to billions more in value.
First Published: September 19, 2014: 11:59 AM ET
Most Popular

Apple CEO Surprises Fans Waiting in Line for iPhone 6Apple CEO Tim Cook Surprises Fans Waiting in Line for iPhone 6
 
Sep 19, 2014 12:58pm
It’s a big day for Tim Cook, too.
The Apple CEO surprised iPhone enthusiasts who were lined up outside an Apple store today in Palo Alto, California, waiting to buy the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
Cook posed for selfies with Apple enthusiasts and cheered alongside them when it came time to open the doors at 8 a.m.
The phones, which were unveiled at a Sept. 9 media event in Cupertino, California, are already shaping up to be one of Apple’s biggest successes to date. Pre-orders for the smartphones have broken all previous benchmarks, according to the tech giant.
Cook has called the plus-sized devices the best phones Apple has ever produced.

Army apprises PMO  Def Ministry of situation in LadakhArmy apprises PMO  Def Ministry of situation in Ladakh
No headway in Congress-NCP alliance talksNo headway in Congress-NCP alliance talks
Our Bureau
A large section of the NCP does not want an alliance with the Congress, as it feels the party has more chances in a triangular fight.
New Delhi, September 19:  
The Congress’ seat-sharing talks with the NCP have not reached anywhere, but the party high command is likely to draw up a final list of candidates for the upcoming elections in Maharashtra here on Saturday.
The central election committee of the Congress will take a final call on the candidates. Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan and party State president Manikrao Thakre will attend the meeting with the party high command.
Sources in both the parties said the alliance talks had made no headway. A large section in the NCP does not want an alliance with the Congress this time, as it feels the party has more chances in a triangular fight than in an alliance. The NCP is keenly watching developments in the National Democratic Alliance. Both the Shiv Sena and the BJP have hardened their positions ahead of the seat-sharing pact.
The top leadership of the Congress believes that all these issues can be settled if NCP supremo Sharad Pawar and Congress president Sonia Gandhi hold discussions. Pawar has already met senior Congress leaders Ahmed Patel and AK Antony. But the NCP supremo is under pressure as many in his party have come out openly against an alliance with the Congress.
Senior NCP leader Chhagan Bhujbal said in Mumbai that every party in the State should contest the polls independently to gauge their strength in State politics.
Pawar’s nephew and Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar is also actively supporting the idea of going alone in the elections.
Amicable settlement
The Congress has been maintaining that the issues with the NCP will eventually be amicably settled. Chief Minister Chavan said discussions with the NCP have nothing to do with the problems in the NDA.
“Ours will be a standalone decision and not impacted by what happens in the Sena-BJP combine,” he said.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related

Telangana CM seeks higher devolution of taxesTelangana CM seeks higher devolution of taxes
Our Bureau
Telangana Chief Minister, K Chandrashekara Rao with YV Reddy, Chairman of 14th Finance Commission, in Hyderabad on Friday. - BY ARRANGMENT
Hyderabad, Sept 19:  
The Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao on Friday made a case to devolve higher per cent of Central tax revenue to the State based on the functional responsibilities in the federal set up.
Speaking at the meeting of the 14th Finance Commission chaired by Y.V.Reddy and convened here today, the Chief Minister wanted the commission to allocate 40 per cent of the Central tax revenues in line with the roles played by the Centre and the state.
The Chief Minister of the newly formed state of Telangana submitted a memorandum making some suggestions and requesting the commission to consider the current status while allocating fund.
He said that the State is highly vulnerable to droughts and natural calamities, therefore the Centre’s contribution may be increased. Nine out of 10 districts in the State are covered under backward region grant fund and the XII Five-year Plan had categorised Khammam and Mahbubnagar as ‘Most Hungry.’ Backwardness still haunts the State, six decades after formation of the combined State.
Favouring the introduction of Goods and Services Tax, he wanted it to ensure there is no accentuation of vertical imbalances and compromise of autonomy of States. “We are particular that an adequate compensatory mechanism is put in place. The important issue is to strike a balance between autonomy of States and the need for harmonisation of taxes across the common market of India,” he said.
“We want to reinvent and reorient Telanana. The institution of Finance Commission has a formidable reputation of nurturing the spirit of cooperative fiscal federalism and successfully adjudicating the claims of the Centre and States in a fair and equitable manner,” he said.
Rao said the neglect of Telangana in the combined State has been brought out vividly by the Planning Commission. It had observed that the balanced development in the State had become a casualty and regional imbalances went on increasing because of lopsided politics.
Eighty per cent of the State’s population belong to SCs, STs and backward classes. Despite backwardness, an erroneous impression has gained ground about the revenue potential of Hyderabad in particular and Telangana in general, he said.
He highlighted the fact that the growth of the economy slipped from 10.5 per cent during 2005-06 to 2009-10 to 4.5 per cent in 2012-13. The major challenge for the State Government is not only to regain the growth momentum but also make it inclusive.
Touching about various initiatives of the Government to bring all round development of the State, he said that the State requires funds to meet this expenses which could be met by higher tax revenue devolution to the State.
(This article was published on September 19, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

